the best ab exercise a 5 sets of stop eating so much crap .
it 's not even worth switching the only switch that saves a considerable amount of money is going from p to r. but i had 14r this quarter highest you can get for off-campus students and i would 've much rather spent the extra to get a premier plan if it was possible .
the annoying thing about r is you can only swipe once per meal so sometimes i would be busy and accidentally throw away a swipe
thanks i have a sneaky love of posts like this because there 's so many women who just ca n't recognise anti-male sexism even when its occurring right in front of them .
it 's not that they 're bad people it 's just that they do n't have the ability to register the concept .
seems like everyone on here is telling you you are crazy .
being a 150lb man is n't going to impress anyone .
like other people have said at 5'11 150 you do not have muscle and you do not have strength .
first i 'm so sorry for your terrible loss .
reading your previous posts was plenty to see what a malignant bitch your mil is .
others have better insight on how to best manage this bullshit email .
i 'm inclined toward nuclear anger in situations like this so any advice i have would n't serve much purpose other than escalating the problem .
but i 'm sure it does stop at least some so it 's worth it .
but the one time i volunteered with them it was a sup taking a new guy out for a drink and giving him his intro talk .
it was obvious aadd was their plan on getting home which it was obviously not designed for
as it happens most of the people i know are drunks .
kane sane and kamara or aguero son and jimenez ?
as a former new yorker i have no idea what a shot spotter is as well .
only thing missing is some of the fantastic saves by alisson vvd and co. to highlight our defensive prowess .
you plan on opening a breakfast restraunt with all that waffling ?
i 'm just finding out about sakuraba and watched him fight shibata earlier in the week but i look forward to his nakamura match .
why would you get a refund for your empty bottles why would people go into your recycling bin and return them to you ?
man i 'm still trying to figure out why your ex dumped you oh well have fun fucking his friend .
well ... if you can manage to get past your autistic spasms and actually complete the act of betrayal and get him to want to do something with you .
maybe if you lose another 14 pounds in 2 weeks and justify it because it was after a binge .
you can go ahead and ignore what people are really like .
i do n't let a political ideology blind me from seeing the monster inside people like the clinton 's or trump for that matter
used to like it but it kinda died for me
1.38 but i play solo and i 'm going for dm core only .
i am enjoying the game and grinding for camos has been fun .
i no longer drink and am extremely introverted ... but i find if i bite the bullet and go have fun it 's always worth it !
people speak like assholes on here because they 're not going to get their ass beat .
i say that because if many people on reddit spoke in real life the way they do here they 'd get their shit kicked in .
not sure if that was a serious question but if so thor was pulling thanos toward him to push the axe further into his chest .
could n't see though something about the curve of the earth .
i am not married and have no children.. but you can still go fuck yourself .
again i start zero conversations when riding in ubers the driver does .
i take care of adults so the bad outcomes are different but it does n't make them easier .
i love huckleberry but breakneck is approximately as good needs to reload but has better range and tap potential and does n't use up your exotic weapon choice .
i guess there 's a bit of a grind for it but it 's clearable just by doing play gambit use an auto ''
heavy bag is great cardio but doing it without a coach your going to be doing it wrong nothing wrong with that just so you know you are n't gon na be learning to fight doing it
discord or reddit but discord is the best i think .
you can pm me your handle if you 'd like .
oof feels except am too nearsighted to even do contacts .
i 'll probably get you to do more soon than later 😏
i got those lbj gay as well ... . 2019 not treating us well lol
is n't bank placeholders already delayed or is rework different from it ?
either way it 's getting shut down in a few months so that kinda sucks
but yeah i thought that might be a mistake tbf its new years and i 'm a little tipsy
keep your parts in case something craps out early or arrives dead
oh god the big 12 has had such bad defense for so long that they think giving up 33 points and almost 700 yards is good defense
but there 's a lot of snow getting kicked up and the lift is going the same speed
thanks for the lengthy explanation really helps a lot .
before reading this i did some research and found that even the best external drive is not as fast as apple 's mac mini ssds just like you said .
had they been half the price then it would have been a no-brainer .
but even though they are super fast they still suck a bit compared to the mini ssds .
the apple is a bit too tart for me right now but i think i 'll wait a bit and save up for the i7 and 1tb ssd or at least the 500gb .
i actually do want to keep it as long as possible and with the upgrades it 's quite a powerful little machine that should last for a very long time .
.. or i will of course get the next imac in the meantime if apple would be so merciful to launch one with a humane pricetag and contemporary specs .
the best part about this is someone wrote it backwards right to left
what i 'm getting at is that being white and blonde haired is unusual enough that around a third of disney princesses being blonde and white is notable .
there 's so much going on the next few months .
goals for the year find a job and go swim in the bay .
there are millions and millions of houses with lead pipes .
focusing on just flint minimizes the problem with the infrastructure .
so spoiler alert 'cleanses ' as portrayed in popular culture and media they 're not really a thing .
if you want to ask a question like 'how long will it take to get into ketosis ? '
or 'how long does it take to get into autophagy ? '
or 'how long until i lose x amount of weight ? '
those are much more useful questions with actual answers .
most meme formats can be compared to other ones .
for example improvise adapt overcome is the same modern problems require modern solutions '' but people people seem to prefer the modern problems format more .
i made sure to log into my own ps account .
when i download my save again and it says that this will overwrite the current save is that only for my information on their account ?
because when i do it it acts as though i will overwrite their own save .
nhl rule 69.3 contact inside the goal crease if a goalkeeper in the act of establishing his position within his goal crease initiates contact with an attacking player who is in the goal crease and this results in an impairment of the goalkeeper 's ability to defend his goal and a goal is scored the goal will be disallowed . ''
burr wo n't go down without one hell of a fight .
god bless ‘em both we need them now more than ever !
if you met a lesbian like that how would you know she 's gay ?
you have met lesbians like that they just did n't look gay enough for you to flirt with them .
i do n't know whats wore the fact that this is implying that he is now old hes now a she or this women has a bowl cut
police in cohasset last week used tasers to subdue a man who was allegedly attacking a woman in his home with a knife .
the 25-year-old man identified by authorities as erich stelzer became unresponsive at the scene and later died while the woman — maegan tapley 24 — was hospitalized with extensive injuries .
the incident began on thursday night when cohasset police responded to a 911 call just before 10 p.m. for a report of a disturbance at stelzer 's residence on church street .
when officers entered the home they saw stelzer assaulting a woman with a knife and other weapons according to the da 's office .
in an effort to rescue the victim and disarm stelzer cohasset police officers used tasers to subdue stelzer peggie krippendorf a spokeswoman for the norfolk district attorney 's office said in a statement friday afternoon .
the female victim was able to escape from stelzer and was taken to a local area hospital for treatment.
cohasset police chief william quigley praised the actions of his officers following the incident in a statement released to boston 25 news .
the father of the 25-year-old cohasset man harold stelzer told nbc10 boston following his son 's death that he was looking for justice .
i have a very high-priced lawyer — very high-priced .
people will know him and he 's going to put this together he said .
i 'm not looking for money i 'm looking for justice.
harold stelzer told the station that a stun gun was used four times on his son which he described as excessive.
i know that one hit is substantial he said .
stelzer was about 6-foot-8 and 300 pounds his father told the station .
the 25-year-old was a bodybuilder according to masslive documenting his fitness routines on instagram and youtube .
harold stelzer said friday he was in total shock .
i do not even know what is going on he told 7news boston .
i do not know where this behavior came from .
i am sorry for what happened to the girl .
i mean what can i say but until i get the report i can not make judgment .
on saturday stelzer 's family released a statement through an attorney expressing sympathy for tapley and her family and revealing they 'd sought help for the 25-year-old in the days before his alleged attack on his tinder date .
the family of erich stelzer wishes to express its deepest sympathy for the victim and her family philip cormier a lawyer said in the statement according to masslive .
they are without words to adequately communicate their grief and sorrow at the events that transpired the physical and mental pain caused to the victim and the loss of life of a young man who was someone 's little brother and someone 's son.
stelzer had been receiving care from mental health professionals over the past month his family said but during a gathering on christmas they had noticed more of a decline .
he was experiencing delusions and extreme paranoia and behaving erratically the family 's lawyer said .
i t became clear that his needs were not being met the statement read .
believing stelzer was having a psychotic break his family called cohasset police and emts to perform an assessment on dec. 25 .
the assessment by the emts was that he did not need assistance due to the fact that he was lucid enough to know his own name and the date cormier said in the cormier said in the statement reported by masslive .
the family hired a professional intervention team the next day to get stelzer into an inpatient treatment facility but the events of thursday night took place before the intervention could be implemented. ...
what can anyone say except ... with how many bullets would have the attacker 's body been riddled if he had been black or brown ? ''
they prolly knew him and that his family has money
you 'll be fine with a two week break .
you 're thinking about this too much almost everyone enjoyed the endings and felt it concluded arthur 's story well .
do n't be butthurt because you thought it wasnt good or had plot holes who cares .
in general there are 3 types of damage gems although there are several variations and mixes among the 3 .
these improve the scaling of your weapon for a particular stat .
so a str scaling gem will make a weapon with b scaling in str have a scaling for example .
these gems are more effective the higher level your stats are .
higher strength or whichever stat scaling gem you get will make that gem more effective .
these gems increase your damage by a flat amount .
very simple gems and there are different types for different types of damage such as physical arcane or fire damage .
these increase the damage you do due to scaling by a flat .
note that it 's only damage from scaling that increases not base damage .
when equipping gems this is the x amount you see next to the base damage .
there are also a variety of these gems such as physical increase or arcane increase .
the top level gems are all found in depth 5 cursed dungeons and all are cursed gems meaning that along with their normal effect they have one negative effect such as increased stamina cost for using the weapon .
outside of chalice dungeons you can find pretty good gems but they are mostly in dlc areas .
also i have to ask this everytime but did you know the bottom blue parts glow in the dark ?
the next mil will go by so quickly ... it 's strange
people who makes those sort of arguments do n't care about rehabilitation .
definitely did not expect this one but i was always hoping kali and krystal would get back together cause they 're two of my faves !
how did we not see this coming ? ! ?
jennie literally said she had the most romantic dinner im dying
life may seem like shit which it is but lots of others are going through similar or woree situations i 've been in your place before and i decided to not kill myself because i new that if i put my time and effort into my life and spent a lot of time trying to not be the version of myself i hated i would be able to get out do n't give up
ca n't wait to see your reaction when google itself sunsets chromeos
ok what kind of bridge will kill me the fastest cause that comic has destroyed my will to live a
from one tomboy to another it is definitely worth the 15 minutes or whatever of your time .
if you watch it let me know if it helped or not .
your parents have done your sister and you a horrible disservice .
2nd row 4 from the bottom what 's that one ?
if you want you can probably see every single piece of available information on whoever you want at the click of your fingertips .
you can see every single offensive play of say for example ... west virginia vs virginia tech in 2017 just by wanting to scout the lt at wvu .
i did today and it took ten minutes of my time .
grier did n't play particularly great on his brand new team but in the end they were in position to tie or take the lead at the 15 yard line at the last couple plays in what seemed like a heated rivalry game at a raucous crowd at fedex field .
do yourself and your wallet a favor and wait for odin .
oh no thanks for mentioning that i forgot to add this to my post .
i already have 970 evo nvme m.2 500 gb and barracuda 3.5 '' internal drive 2tb
every single paragraph in that article is the worst paragraph in the article .
the most infuriating thing is probably that when the author is talking about hopepunk 's '' role in building social systems you know they 're just thinking about a bernie sanders presidency .
it really does capture everything superficial apolitical and crypto-reactionary about progressive liberalism .
the harry potter alliance '' is some super lol lmao shit .
i actually did n't like ddd either but that may be partially because i was burning out at the time .
one tip for replaying the game get as many balloonras as possible as quickly as you can .
it deals massive amounts of damage and can make most boss fights a breeze .
why would bans ever occur in the first place if people
loved the message and felt it was so wonderful beautiful and truthful .
i do n't like them and i do n't think the full message is truthful .
after hours and hours of observing the floor 's walls i 've come to a conclusion either the tower 's architects are meticulous enough not to leave any exploitable gaps in their constructs or foolish enough not to provide any emergency exits of sorts .
i run my hand through the walls that are adorned with mere recreations of the town surrounding the christmas tree planted in the exact middle of the scenery towering over all other buildings around it .
i feel no cracks chinks crevices whatever one may call it as my glove-covered hand slowly slides through the walls scraping the snow stuck on it i become more and more anxious .
yes the other carolers obviously will report to anna and others but what if they really have no other way to get in ?
i mean it 's al 's ancestor 's construct right ?
i laugh internally finding the irony of having the tower that helps me from the day i stepped into this world being my grave amusing .
with every passing second the urge to just scream and futilely beg for help increased .
at times like these i 'm grateful that she 's by my side .
lucina stands under the falling snow an arm 's length away right next to me .
the determination and warmth in her voice keeps me going .
her hands encased in gloves that came as part of the christmas costume eirika had given her earlier that day holds a cup of hot chocolate that she had probably prepared at one of the surrounding cottages .
thanks '' i said accepting her token of kindness and gulping it down .
the drink 's flavor is a delicate balance between bitter and sweet a much-needed refreshment .
this building might be too well-designed for us to break through . ''
i sigh and she follows suit amusingly at the same time .
one look at her wo n't give away how much of a wreck she was when the tower 's portal the only gateway connecting us to the castle collapsed trapping us here .
i ca n't forget her anguished face as she dug through the rubble vainly trying to get the portal online again and her defeated look as she blamed herself for delaying both of our returns ...
i 'm sure she still blames herself until now but at least she has considerably mellowed out after the long break i told her to take .
she seems bummered but i do n't want to burden her with menial tasks .
empty-handed we decide to rest inside the cottage we had picked .
for a mere replica the interior is terribly well-designed it looks like one of those winter retreat houses one would find in the alpines .
a comfortable long chair padded with oak and positioned towards the warm embers of the fireplace a kitchen set and counters lined with utensils and games and a set of stairs leading to a bedroom and bathroom on the upper floor .
she rests in front of the fireplace and i take a good look of myself in the bathroom 's mirrors a raggedy tired mess of a summoner currently frozen after spending hours out in the winter 'night ' trying to save both himself and the most important person to him from an uncertain situation .
her christmas attire has lost its shine now disheveled and messed up from the brief period of digging she did .
her modestly downcast eyes shows signs of fatigue and she 's definitely not the chipper giggling girl that showed up earlier today .
after washing my face at the sink i approach her .
she slumps into the long chair absentmindedly staring at the flickering flames .
i sit next to her and ask in the softest tone i can muster
her lips slightly curves a smile but her tone betrays it .
you know you 're slipping back into the old you again .
the one who goes 'hurr durr serious face ' most of the time . ''
in this kind of situation who would not do so ?
if anything you 're the strange one for being so lively . ''
i 'm really threading on a thin line here .
so i make myself sound elated and do finger guns pointing at her with a wide smile .
hey as long as you 're by my side i 'll get through anything come hell and high water . ''
i stopped and gasped when i saw your photo .
the energy impact of bluetooth and wifi has been next to zero for several android/ios versions now if they are n't connected to a device of course .
really love the look however your eyebrows seem a little off to me perhaps they 're a bit too dark .
wheelin dealin air plane ridin wife stealin ekblad slamming hat trick getting son of a gun .
i melted an old runner and spent about an hour sanding and polishing until it fit right .
setting it with brass inside also helped with stability .
according to a lot of players that 's an actual bannable offense .
you so many views on your videos but low subs .
so the idea is to incite fear towards guns with the end goal being the complete disarmament of the populace resulting in them having no means to defend against say some fucked up totalitarian government move in the future ?
a huge thing actually it 's considered to be aesthetic to these types of people .
i mean i did say decorated cakes are allowed ... i 'll keep this up for now but we 'll have to have a community discussion about these kinds of posts .
if you have your gunna have to crawl every path in the map i dont think they can despawn also did u shoot the zombie to dig up the part by pack a punch on all 3 locations ?
brenden was absolutely coerced and it is incredibly clear he has some cognitive and intellectual disabilities .
i started driving away today after the first three got in the car .
then one of them said they 're waiting on someone else .
god its been 4 years and everybody still upvotes the shit out of this already decayed away horse
i think fetishes based in degradation/humiliation as subjectively experienced are ... problematic to say the least .
i think they indicate a weak broken human being .
yes this includes women too and i do n't care about the gender combination at hand .
if you get off on being made to feel worthless or insignificant you have a problem .
i should clarify however this is very specifically about the subjective experience of the person in question .
if they have a fetish for x experience x as defilement and degradation of them and get off over that that 's a problem .
if x has a subjectively different meaning to them then that 's the meaning which matters for my analysis/evaluation .
cuckoldry as we see it practiced is frankly about a man fetishizing his own emasculation and humiliation including ethnic humiliation .
we ca n't pretend that there is n't that disturbing racial subtext about white women needing bbc to be fulfilled and all this 'white extinction ' stuff being fetishized .
i honestly ca n't see the fetish as anything other than an outgrowth of white guilt and eroticizing one 's own inferiority/patheticness .
even if we take away the ethnic subtext there 's still a man getting off on his own perceived inadequacy .
rather its a man who 's very happy to have such an exceptionally hot and sexually uninhibited woman in his life .
hotwifing is not about a man degrading himself but about a man experiencing pride in just how hot a wife he has .
i think its telling that cuckoldry gets tons of press but hotwifing does n't .
its almost like the priority is the humiliation of white men .
god mate imagine the crazy shit we could get up to with a d2 crucible editor .
we could bring back combined arms but do it right with actual fucking tanks !
technically it 's even older than that toby first used it in an earthbound romhack .
hey just wanted some help on my light team cause i got kumbhira and i really want to add her to my team .
i currently have sarunan ferry seruel rosamia albert as my main team who do you think i could replace for kumbhira ?
i want to make the world a better place in 2019 by showing people kindness .
i feel like kindness is swept aside in every day hustle and bustle and it 's nice to remember that everyone is an individual person with individual feelings .
i am going to try to think before i speak and do my best to always have other people 's feelings in mind .
in other news ancient astronaut theorists suggest that the moon is a hologram and evangelical christians claim that ted haggert is completely heterosexual .
we interrogate because you did n't give us useful data in the op .
based on your initial post i would say replace the drive .
based on it being 7 years old i would say do n't spend a dime on it .
when is the fucking chapter gon na release i 'm gettin antsy
coconut oil can dramatically increase your cholesterol levels if you 're not being smart with it .
i was worried about pulling on this banner cause it meant i would have to basically go all in and give up hope for an attempt at gogeta .
i ca n't even be mad this banner was great for me .
first pulls for jiren turles and str ssj4 goku who i 've wanted for freaking ever !
hoping on top grossing stones so i can get a chance at an lr .
if football were like this maybe i would actually watch it .
the point is people do n't think of the repercussions when they do something .
also sinning does n't automatically make you go to hell .
if you 're good outweighs the bad and you ask for forgiveness you can possibly avoid the consequences of your sins .
i ca n't source this at all but i read in a magazine or something back in the 90s that more kids recognized mario than mickey mouse back when mario was a huge phenomenon .
i watch the new year event in fortnite before this ...
the signs say no shirt no shoes no service .
the do n't say anything about wearing pants or underwear .
yes but they would n't get convicted on just that evidence unless they had literally no alibi they had a terrible lawyer and the prosecutor was able to find other ways to suggest the person was in the area at the time or had a motive .
they could make it like tree of savior 's earth tower and put bunch of gimmicks like defend an area time attack clear or other mechanics to make it less easy .
but then it would be tedious and freaking hassle .
some people use et to farm mats because field minis or mvps are being killed instantly vr requires silver medals which can be used for peak shards so i think et should rather stay as it is .
no we usually do n't encourage a lot of islamic extremism
this post archive.org https web.archive.org/20190101061157/http www.reddit.com/r/memes/comments/abe3cr/my_new_year_resolution_is_to_earn_such_a_painting megalodon.jp https megalodon.jp/pc/get_simple/decide removeddit.com https www.removeddit.com/r/memes/comments/abe3cr/my_new_year_resolution_is_to_earn_such_a_painting archive.is https archive.is ? run=1 url=http 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2fmemes 2fcomments 2fabe3cr 2fmy_new_year_resolution_is_to_earn_such_a_painting 2f could not auto-archive click to resubmit it ! ''
why do you care about duis if you always catch a ride ?
good job kate did you see us spinning lil jack ?
cunts like you probably enjoy fireworks in new year and 4th of july but feel offended when indians enjoy their festivals .
there 's legit ways to smoke literally all of them which i 've used and it 's glorious .
to self analyze admit fault apologize and actually do fucking better .
that was surprisingly decent considering her usual voice though it makes one wonder how she 'd fare against the guys .
i 've lived here 5 years and never heard anyone talk like that .
please make sure to upvote well written unpopular/controversial opinions and downvote badly written opinions or popular opinions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
yep he got the slip from lemieux who got a garbage goal deflected half way up the shaft directly into the other corner .
it was a small mistake and a low percentage goal chance that a guy like nurse let 's happen half a dozen times per games and you morons hail him as our savior premium defender .
i get chiarelli is trash and you all want him gone but shitting on a player that played decent because of a chiarelli trade is pretty fucking brain dead .
but they 're not because my moral compass says so .
2 years and counting but i have 1:49 to go so there 's hope ... ?
that cant be there would be more news articles about the cotton candy .
you can ask him to wear condoms but iuds last 7 years much longer than the relationship will .
ben voyons ... genre on ne vérifie pas du tout la validité des passeports diplomatiques à l'aéroport .
after a brief glimpse through the comments on that video i 'm thinking you might need to put a disclaimer about the five wires .
you planin on taking giving or a full out orgy ?
not seen here are adriano m. salas recoba gullit djorkaeff beckham nedved stankovic vieira cambiasso r. carlos w. samuel toldo .
all salt of a certain level of purity will be in a cube-ish shape .
ytd i saw this guy wearing patagonia shirt fjallraven bag and jordan retromid so i walked up to him and ask if he knows where is bm lin but he say he does n't know what is that .
feelsbadman thought i found one of our kind in my hood
it took me an hour to get used to no home button from an 8 to an xs max
i thought it would be more difficult it it 's wayyy better
im not a big youtube watcher but ill definatly watch his vids once in a while for a promo code
i know lol imagine being one of the employees who worked on it
'' i 've never tried salvia but it seems like these hallucinations were similar to what i 've been through .
you 're saying the combat in rs3 is already too easy but you also want 100 protection prayers to make it easier ?
happy new years ecr from a slightly inebriated me !
that 's odd cause everyone on reddit insists you just say angela '' and you 'll be whisked away in a chariot of safety at any bar
the save file from my us binding of isaac was not recognised when i subsequently bought it from the uk eshop .
i do n't think for a second that was really .
yeah i think i am going to save then trade out son and auba next week for salah jim
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
nice leaving out the part where trump also helped stop nuclear war .
have you heard the songs from the original nier ?
they 'll be offering a hybrid 4wd next year ... if that 's what you mean .
if fallout taught us anything it 's that the post-apocalyptic world is full of locks that need to be picked .
i do n't know why but they remind me of pinky and the brain .
i 've heard great stuff about bakuman after i stopped confusing it for bakugan anyways .
honestly it 's kinda flat and honestly i do n't have a problem with that .
notes aside i 'm thinking about ditching the apt .
the miz will win his second wwe championship and go on to have a memorable reign
i suspect that stalker and the acolytes are all umbra frames .
i think everything in the left 3 columns is good except champion and sb is decent
havent played in awhile and i like the scout in cs .
my fiancee says girls who complain about bras probably have never had one that fits properly
tell siena i stayd what 's up saw in mos queu3
i 'm on the hunt for a good setting powder but i have dry skin also .
on one hand super 12 seems like another way of making the games of teams ranked 13-16 meaning less .
on the other hand the weaker teams get more meaningful games .
what they could have done is have 4 pools of four teams each and then have two knock outs .
1 for top 8 teams and another for bottom 8 teams .
that way the small teams get to play with the big teams and the small teams also have something to fight for after that .
or if they feel knockout means too few games then have super eight in two pools for top 8 teams .
so every team will get to play 6 games before semi finals .
to be fair i believe mine craft had the most relaxing sound track .
what the hell is wrong with you people '' rick flag
ive dropped 200 hours into stardew since august lol .
if you love harvest moon you 'll dig stardew .
then it was more of a blast and cruise jist mixing doses and compounds .
at one point i was just eating 50mg dbol pipls like candy or swallowing epistane pills withoutbcountibg the dosage .
i was a heavy drug addict at the time as well so the period was a blur .
i did 2 cycles of tren ace at 125mg ed etc .
did griw some very skight gyno in my right titty and some bacne at one point but that went away .
like i had a 120kg deadlift at 15 and natty so everything makes no sense .
i really like my loadout tho i have the other sets as well but this combination is my fav maybe i just have a different taste from the rest .
i know a few things i 'd like to do 😈🍆
but entrekin has claimed he did nothing wrong and was simply following the letter of the law . ''
sounds like he thinks only illegal things are wrong ?
i want to be cremated and be spread somewhere beautiful in the woods
i hear that you should always use the most recommended ide for each language which in java 's case is intellij or eclipse .
i honestly have never heard of anyone using visual studio for java but i 'm open to hearing opinions from more experienced developers
or were the 3 players listed in title speculated to have other plans .
the sparse spanish guitar throughout the game is godly .
i think there 's a guide you can follow .
downloading hitman 1 demo or trial and get hitman 2 .
you unlock and can play all levels on hitman 1 through the new hitman 2 mechanics .
we take the first open spot we find and walk .
i 'll never understand the people who wait 5 minutes for someone to load their car put the cart away strap their kids in and hopefully not sit in the car for a minute before they leave just to save 30 seconds of walking .
gta v all raw and core hip hop my taste and a great soundtrack
how is the outside so bad but the inside good ?
i picked up about 8 iie 's that looked like this outside missing keys filthy and corrosion around the keyboard base .
sadly the inside has just as much corrosion and track rot !
but that picture is really interesting because it 's different from the rest .
it 's not just scrolling through the stupid pics to sort out the blow your load worthy ones .
i 'm with you guys until the end of time .
set up remote desktop of her pc so you can do things remotely from your home and she can watch you do it real time .
windows inbuilt remote desktop does n't work so well in me experience .
individuals do not have cases '' or press charges .
if a crime occurs the police investigate it and if it seems as if the law was broken they can arrest the person .
at that point the case is given to the prosecutor who uses the evidence and statements the police collected and decides what charges would be brought .
at that point they either reach a plea or go to trial .
someone yelling threats in a bar without any physical contact like you describe is not assault in md .
assault is harmful unwanted physical contact meant to inflict injury .
while possible for threats to be defined as battery if the victim is put in fear of harm it is not likely the police or prosecutor would pursue a case based on what you 've told us .
you are free to report it to the police all the same and can tell them you will cooperate if they pursue charges .
but it is not in your control to decide if they do or do not charge them .
people who are injured by another person are able to bring a civil lawsuit against the actor for their medical and other expenses directly caused by the assault .
here since she did not touch you and you are obviously not harmed you have nothing to sue for as you did not have to pay for medical attention or have another finanical loss .
people can not just sue others because they did something wrong .
there needs to be damages to recover to be made whole .
you really dont know how to talk in context do you ?
ultra rare haha you just ripped off his pants lol
i have the same except mine still has his pants on
i think that guy burned the patch i gave him
bahaha i was at rennes airport in france catching a flight and this guy was running through the airport he tripped dropped his bag and what rolled out ?
he stuffed them back in and just carried on !
when i get on my pc tomorrow i will link it .
the difference is that google xbox and playstation all allow you to use software that does not go through their store .
apple has disabled the ability to use any software on the iphone that does not pay the tax .
android you can sideload or go to a different store that is not owned by google .
i am not sure about stream so left that one off .
i knew i 'd seen this concept somewhere before haha
i guess it 's not uncommon for private entities to bend to the will of whatever party/person is in power currently .
i was raised mormon and still consider myself a member in a very loose sense but i know the lds church has faced scrutiny in the past for having cooperated with the nazi party through the third reich ... big oops .
make sure you 've created and linked your reference to help track trades .
the rules are located on the sidebar but you can check them out in this link here .
our stolen account and scammer blacklist is located here https trello.com/b/guyobjl0/the-blacklist .
please do not make any with a blacklisted or trade or buy stolen accounts they against reddit 's terms of use .
any users knowingly dealing with stolen account will be reported to the reddit admins .
it is highly discouraged to go first with any user .
join and request a middleman to assist with your trade .
we try to provide an around the clock service .
if you choose to go first and not use one of our middlemen the only thing we can do is ban the user when you report them .
send us a modmail immediately if a user tells you that they do not want to use a middleman .
cross-trading may come to discord only in the future but it will never be allowed on the subreddit .
please remember to to have the following in your trade/sale post as per the submission policy for each account you are offering
watermarked images with your full reddit username u/redditname or redditname '' and full discord id discordname xxxx '' if you plan on posting it on discord .
please include both if you are planning on trading on both platforms even if the name portion of you discord and reddit are exactly the same .
if your watermark is not clearly visible and readable it will be removed .
if your add a color block behind your watermark letters it must have some sort of transparency and be able to discern what 's underneath otherwise it will also be removed .
all watermarks need to be in the game area the surrounding border region does not count as the game area .
please make sure your image is not cropped or edited in any way aside from adding the watermark .
do not include any blocks of solid color or images in your watermark .
if you wish to use solid blocks or images at least give them some transparency so they are see thru .
at least one watermarked image of the account at minimum one if you have more all of them need to be watermarked a link to an watermarked image album/gallery per offered account .
note if your most does not fulfill the submission policy it will be removed .
if you post has been removed for not fulfilling the submission policy .
you may edit it to fix the issue and message the moderators via modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fgotrades to have it approved .
you must include a link to your post if you wish to have it approved .
if you do not include a link to you post your request will not be acknowledged until you do so .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gotrades if you have any questions or concerns .
your comment was removed because your account is too new less than 2 days old to make comments containing links on this sub .
if you think that this was removed in error please contact the mod team .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubememes if you have any questions or concerns .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
your post has been removed due to insufficient demographic information .
we require that you provide at minimum your age approximate height weight gender medications you take smoking status previous and current medical issues duration and location of complaint and a photo if it 's a skin issue .
please include as many additional details about yourself as you can so that the users of r/askdocs can best assist you .
please submit a new post https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/submit ? selftext=true with the required information .
this post has been removed and your edits will not be seen .
for any further questions refer to this recent sticky .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
ok i thought i had to buy it with the contract as the relative costume .
please tell me you 're the one on the left ! !
it looks like will her dreams came true at the same time😂
if i want to download a game at a reasonable rate i have to tether my phone to the pc and get at most 1mb/s lol .
then i get to deal with slow mobile internet for the month when i go over the limit
all i 've read is it raises ph outside molds growing zones and can be used as a detergent .
plus has a much higher lethal dose than bleach .
bleach i gave read does not kill spores well or prevent future growth conditions .
i 'm not big into fighting games and no matter how hard i tried i could n't get into nintendo properties except for mario .
smash bros is like the unholy combination of the two for me .
this is the third full year that i havent had any one special starting to think im going to be alone forever .
its a new year and who knows maybe the love of your life is just waiting to meet you .
hey all this song/video was inspired about feeling like a reject at times .
it 's interesting that the flying fighters are six of the strongest headliners in the beast pirates since few other headliners were introduced prior and probably more will be makes their debut in this arc .
since drake and page one 's devil fruits are ancient zoans based on dinosaurs it 's say to guess what the others like based on this fact .
i feel like he thought he would turn it forehand .
pretty sure they will come up with an huuuuge patch .
they release the patch for the gold store and then nothing till now ... i think that could mean only one things .
an huge update with the official release of rdr online
matter is stuff and energy is the ability to do work .
i do n't know about you but i do n't think i have a soul .
but then why are they not getting rid of ghost ?
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions you can message the mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffunny replies to this removal comment may not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
i see that you posted an illegal meme on r/pewdiepiesubmissions for example chair memes tide pods uganda memes skiddadle skadoodle upvote begging and etc .
do not publish old or overused memes here because only fresh and skrattar memes are allowed !
you have been warned and please do not make the same mistake twice .
i am an ai bot in this subreddit and my duty is to keep order and peace .
sometimes i can be wrong and if i am wrong please reply or downvote .
you can fix it by contributing to the code !
i do n't think imps are that good i prefer conjure as i said xd
origins was okay but odyssey perfected everything about origins .
and alexios is a wayyyyy cooler character than bayek .
yeah all good man i 've read the book .
i think it 's incredibly dark and a difficult novel to read not just because of the violence or the language but because of the stagnant plot .
i was just curious because it certainly is n't one of my everyone should read '' books because i think it would only be a fulfilling experience for a niche group of readers .
you 're making assumptions of your own there and fwiw its for more than economic reasons that i would want rid of the monarchy .
but there 's no way to categorise how much money is spent in relation to the monarchy i agree that this study dismissing it entirely is wrong but other studies that claim its all down to the monarchy is also false .
the whole shocking cost thing would morally be very different if it was a public venue rather than the home of one of britain 's richest families .
it could be used as a museum or something similar if they vacated .
the idea of ease of transition personally does n't interest me .
i will certainly not be on any sort of committee who organises it so i do n't feel i need to think in logistics .
i feel it is morally wrong for them to own so many extravagant homes while still charging upkeep to the taxpayer .
agree needs some spice to his kit to give him an edge somewhere
there is no point to discuss with a npc .
you are the smartest person on earth and all vr developers are retarded .
they are common and of course they gives our chocolate milk .
you seen that racist rant burnt corstals went on recently ?
ohhh now blame republicans for her image of being a lunatic claiming minority status with 1/1024 native american genes .
i assume the tc is n't referring to the big retail store packs or boxes sold w/o box toppers ie .
it 's the amount of sealed boxes that are nearly nonexistent .
it 's all about the box toppers and the fact the packs are see-thru makes the sealed boxes even more attractive as that 's the only way to get a genuinely not searched box topper .
have a blast keeping yours if that 's what you want
i had a look at that one and i 'm not sure it 's correct .
everton 's website says that they pick their mascots at random from season ticket holders and club members .
edit and funny that you mention the defensive alternate i had already seen your original build and tweaked it into one that includes vitality jewels ...
edit i think this https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cot e2 80 93caught_merger is our problem .
the game is way above jstars in terms of mechanics roster and story mode from what i have seen and played
my only gripe is to see more characters and that is really it
the short answer is yes they are all solved in the alo arc .
the second season is a new plot line but part of it does reference the aincrad arc .
i do n't want to say too much in an effort not to spoil the second season for you .
sir i 'm sorry but i 'm going to have to contact the authorities .
the m ms forbid cellphone usage in a movie theater .
she is the first doctor who is emotionally honest .
two we do n't have any control over whether america does or does n't torture someone .
we get it you have an xbox and a tv .
if you encounter a sperging lefty you tell them to get bent and keep playing
sorry it 's called do n't go to sleep 1982 tv movie
calvin johnson had 5 touchdowns in 2012 when he had the most dominant season in history .
andre johnson never had a double digit td season .
calvin ridley had one less td this year than julio had in the previous two combined .
if you are trying to rate wrs touchdown receptions is one of the last categories you should look at .
anyone hear of that story where a doctor put soup into a patient instead of blood
and see that all their shit is mall ninja and nerdy
they are so long that you can put all the seats down in the back and put a casket in through the trunk .
a guy i know worked at a funeral home and said a family used one to save some money .
i 'm mad that i actually looked up cancer rates in athletes '' on google just to double check this because the man in the post is obviously dumb .
but apparently athletes are actually less likely to get breast cancer specifically but it may just be a case of correlation not equaling causation .
i dunno tbh i didnt read all of those scientific journals i 'm just a guy on reddit .
it 's 2nd and 3 on the virginia tech 32 .
u/command67 and u/kekar29 datatag thread '' 20 '' a9pkc1 '' 20 '' action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play ''
some of the comics like that were actually sold that way in the store
one day i wan na see the doctor get pushed to the point where they rip a dalek out of its casing and beat it up .
paying very good attention so he does a good job ! !
however come a certain point in the year i look at the players that could be starting and try to upgrade .
even if i do n't get dollar for dollar value .
i can usually find something close to it that makes my starting lineup better .
older women pinching my cheeks and telling me how beautiful my eyes are .
check your playoff schedule in the app then you look to see how many games each team has per week during the playoffs/championship .
actually the 80gb model had partial hardware backwards compatibility .
it emulated the emotion engine while still having the ps2 's gpu .
the only thing ever removed from the system via software was the ability to run linux .
anyone willing to help me get alakazam gengar and golem ?
if you 'd like a free copy send me a reddit direct message with a link to this post .
if it was a facebook group would you still be down ?
youd think they 'd use a fan nozzle for quicker coverage
she should have done a parker house roll joke with props or something even tho they are n't related
thabo passed up a wide open corner 3 for a contested mid range jumper smh ...
to be honest i have n't looked at any models myself .
so i am taking the whole man-made global warming on faith .
and eg even convincing yourself of something as trivial as the shape of the earth or the distance between earth and moon or earth and sun from first principles and your own experiments is n't trivial and is a fun exercise we did with the physics knowledge we had available in high school .
the other potentially even more important bit is that global warming is not actually going to be that bad .
perhaps it 's gon na cost us a perpetual 10 of gdp by the end of the century .
10 of gdp is gigantic in absolute terms but it 's also only a few years of economic growth and so it might be more important to invest in eg malaria treatment or better infrastructure for developing countries now than care about a 10 impact on their and our rich descendants .
or at least that trade-off needs to be talked about and is not trivial .
what would most of your nfl comps be for haskins ?
use slic3r cura is very bad at hiding the seam .
also there is something wrong with your extrusion rate and coasting volume .
you 're just bringing a world of complication upon yourself .
though to be fair i hear their c93 ones are decent .
i had a similar situation with my dad back in his day you did n't need a cv or have to fill out an application form .
all you had to do was walk in and say i 'm looking for a job '' .
okay you start tomorrow be here for 5am '' .
so for months and months after i was percieved as being lazy .
when in reality i just had a run of bad luck .
nobody in this group knows his motivations including me .
i do n't feel like i give him a reason to be jealous .
but the problem with that is that is he does n't live close to me so we ca n't hang out all the time as it is a bit of a drive to do often .
he 's jealous because he does n't like the fact that the other guy can spend time with me when he ca n't .
do you think i am wrong for spending a lot of time with my best friend ?
to me i feel like it should n't be an issue but maybe that 's unusual for any relationship..
dont leave the house until you have had coffee and pooped .
their friend just had bedbugs lying around for the taking ?
salty kids with 2kds who think they are good .
no pro has a kd that low even if you only scrim and pop up .
i 'd say when somebody completely overblows something or irrationally acts out .
thats really well written i dont know who will end up winning and honestly i dont have a clear favorite right now so i dont mind any of them .
but i always had the feeling that yotsuba is rena .
i would fill that up if i was your man .
you can add bandersnatch the new movie by the same writers of black mirror .
it 's about multiple realities/timelines how you can basically dimension jump through mirrors
or someone that realizes how ridiculous it is people complain how hard it is to live on a 6 figure job
when it comes to the sketchy stuff of this past election the fbi comey dnc all of that stuff it 's not explored or fairly reported .
i learned about it from journalism just as i 'm sure you did .
it sounds like you do n't even have a partner but your worried about problems that include a parter ?
he does n't even explain what he did to become bad lmaooooo
i want it to but it most likely wont .
for some reason the franchise hasnt really taken off maaaaaybe millie bobby brown and the inclusion of the other monsters mothra etc will entice people to see it but i dont really see it crossing 800m
play is as important for the mental health and well-being of grown ups as it is for children .
good on them for having some silly fun in their day .
it just does n't look professional and when i click on order the words are cut off and unreadable .
i do n't know what kind of vendetta you have against string instruments or why you so strongly associate then with your made-up death of classical music '' but you 're just talking yourself in circles and not going anywhere .
i 'm done with this argument if you can call this sad one-sided chain of refutation that .
trade ben and embiid for ad ez i should be gm
when i get downed people will completely fucking forget about my team mate and go straight for the finish no matter what the situation is .
great court vision rebound as well as anyone in the league when he was on the floor .
speaking as a mother of a 17 yr old soon that was probably the most therapeutic thing ya 'll could have done together !
full disclosure i do only have 9 karma points and have been declared a lost redditor but dang that was sweet !
if you point out that the us is a fully functional country that does n't use the metric system in everyday use you 're likely to get downvoted to hell .
they act as if we insist they use american standard units .
this is definitely not the subreddit i was expecting it to be
i think the point is not to dwell on the fleecing but rather take solace in the fact that they were n't fleeced for jokic instead .
if they were even fleeced in the first place and some of the fans here make good arguments that they were n't .
no matter what you think about joe 's production on the field you have to respect this .
i want to be at the game they retire his jersey .
the whole this is a standalone movie '' thing was really important to me .
i 'm tired of the whole movie being set up for the next one .
actually i have n't seen a dc movie since the nolan batmen and did n't know aquaman had been in anything before and i thought it was really refreshing how they basically skipped out on us watching his becoming aquaman except for a few training scenes .
the new economy is great fun for like the first 10 planets or so .
the old sector ai 's biggest problem was that it did n't understand tile resources .
the solution for this was literally just one line of text a change which turned the old tiles into planet features
this one line of text allows tile deposits to be collected regardless of what building was on top .
its fine you get the energy deposit and the mine 's output .
add this one line of text and now deposits are a planet 's base value .
the planet 's production can never fall below this base value .
buildings can only ever improve from baseline resources never detract from it .
then from there it really did n't matter what the sector ai did .
the sector ai also used to collect taxes from its owned territory .
you could have 50 colonizes in the same sector and it ran so smoothly you never had to look at the sector ever again .
add the new system to the sector and you were done for the entire rest of the game .
the sector ai was good enough to get the job done .
the new sector ai is n't even good enough .
how did you change the font of your status bar clock ?
what about this https www.parts-express.com/b652-air-51-home-theater-surround-sound-speaker-system-with-12-subwoofer 300-697 or this https www.parts-express.com/t652-51-home-theater-surround-sound-speaker-system-with-12-subwoofer 300-699 for the speakers ?
it 's a bit less but i 've no complaints about the dayton speakers they 're amazing for the price .
i suggest someplace that allows you to work both front desk and esty .
ask to see their schedules if they 'll allow it see how booked they are for facials .
honestly dermatologists are often amazing to work for because you get so many benefits often like medical coverage vacation days and given clients who care .
we 're redirecting posts about the missing storm king pin quest or email over to this megathread https redd.it/abirp1 .
for more information you can refer to our rules page here .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnite/wiki/rules you can inquire about this removal by contacting us via modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnite .
if you do not include a link to your post you will not receive a response .
reposting content in an attempt to bypass a filter or moderator action is strictly prohibited and can result in a ban from the subreddit .
he 'll survive for 59 to 90 minutes max .
savage dragon you can make it with destrudo and a harp/brigadene
pythons can be dangerous in certain situations but they are n't aggressive snakes .
in most encounters they 'd rather try to flee first .
but if you get too close unknowingly or provoke one you might be in trouble especially if it 's a large individual say 3 metres or more .
you see while pythons are n't venomous they have lots of long sharp teeth https boneclones.com/product/python-skull-bc-118 that curve backwards .
when the python strikes at prey these teeth sink in preventing it from struggling free .
sometimes a person ends up getting too close to a python https www.straitstimes.com/singapore/python-bites-woman-on-second-floor-of-hdb-block and it lashes out in self-defense .
it might just give a warning bite and then let go telling you do n't step on me back off '' .
or it might clamp its jaws and refuse to let go this is more likely to happen when it 's already being handled or if it thinks it 's gotten hold of a prey item .
in such a scenario getting it to let go can be really difficult in this incident https www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc4037439 a pest control officer was handling a python and got bitten and took 5 minutes before the python 's jaws were pried open with a screwdriver .
the aftermath of a python bite can be really bloody https youtu.be/zbzimlwkro8 nsfw and require stitches http burmjunkies.com/showthread.php ? 7467-****high-def-extreme-bite-damage-pics-inside-no-kids-no-snacking-while-viewing nsfw .
in other cases people think they can easily handle a python and try to catch one but even if they manage to avoid getting bitten they might still get in trouble .
pythons are extremely strong and wild ones will usually put up a fierce struggle when caught .
if the python is large enough and manages to throw a coil around the person handling it it can start squeezing .
if you 're alone and the python has gotten a coil around your chest or worse your throat you 're in deep shit .
this has happened https www.thestar.com.my/news/nation/2018/01/28/villager-who-attempted-to-snare-python-ends-up-crushed-to-death in neighbouring countries https www.nst.com.my/news/2017/02/213531/deadly-grip-python-kills-chicken-farm-worker with fatal consequences https www.thejakartapost.com/news/2013/12/27/python-kills-security-guard-near-bali-luxury-hotel.html .
the general rule of thumb is that when it comes to handling large constrictors whether it 's pythons or anacondas you need at least one person for every metre of snake .
which is why you get these photos of several people standing in a row cradling a large python http www.guinnessworldrecords.com/world-records/longest-snake-ever captivity .
and finally there are the occasional reports https www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-39427462 of pythons that have actually killed and swallowed adult humans https news.nationalgeographic.com/2017/03/python-snake-swallows-man-whole-indonesia these seem to involve pythons that were apparently 7 metres or longer .
i 'm not sure about the longest python ever found here in singapore but i have n't heard of any that have reached this size here .
having said all that if you do find a python you 're safe if you keep your distance .
if you spot one in a park or nature reserve or in a drain just admire it and leave it alone .
if it 's on a path or a road wait for it to cross or if it 's at risk of getting run over or hurt by someone else you could encourage it to move by using a long object to gently prod or nudge the tail .
do n't pull or touch the tail with your own hands because if the python is provoked and turns around you do n't want to be in striking range .
if the python is in an urban area like in someone 's home garden void deck coffeeshop etc. the best thing to do is to call the acres wildlife rescue hotline 97837782 they 'll send someone to rescue the snake and relocate it to a forested area where it 's less likely to get into trouble with people .
never try to handle it yourself for all the reasons i mentioned above and do n't call the police or pest control simply because they 're often not properly trained to handle snakes and might not only unnecessarily injure the python but also do things that put themselves or bystanders at risk of getting bitten .
i bet your toothbrush has more bacteria than my ass .
5 a day is not average ... its in addicted territory
from banner 's perspective black widow has just convinced him to save sokovia .
so to him it 's only been three years .
he did n't see if the giant snowball was ok. instantly went the selfish route and started to worry about his own hand instead .
she got tapped with it before hand that 's why she ducked .
i would wait to say anything but just let him know now that you 're here for him and you care for him .
if he says yes then leave it at that .
he might not be ready to explain it all .
i can go 2 to 3 weeks without filing up on gas
what 's the name of this guy or the seminar he 's presenting ?
i 've said this before but when it comes to internalized racism and fighting good ol fashioned white institutionalised racism black women get it .
i 've also said that end of the day the ones who will really bring down the straight white male patriarchy in america will be black feminists .
sure you 'll get the hardcore 4th wave white feminists doing their bit and of course one or two token asian american feminists but most of the heavy lifting will be done by black women .
tf u replying to me for with a message for jagex ?
there are a couple exceptions to that rule though this is n't one of them .
nope establishes a pivot foot when he catches the ball then pivots again then dribbles .
i mean i 'm in atlanta right in the thick of it .
there are certainly reasonable fans ... but holy cow .
i feel like this is what ohio residents think of osu fans except osu has won the ncg relatively recently .
edit to be clear i got no beef with uga and i 'm cool with blaming it on fairweather fans who did n't attend the school .
it shouldnt at all matter what we want them to look like .
they 'll look like they 're meant to by which i mean they will look the way their evolution made them look .
you can add stuff like olives feta cheese spinach parsley etc etc to change up the flavour .
the worst case scenario is that you hate it and try something else after slamming down a bunch of protein .
nvidia shadowplay or amd relive have relatively low impact on fps .
most amazing thing to me from that is he 's 2nd in the league in dunks ?
substantial defacement physical graffiti am i doing this right ?
bob odenkirk auditioned for the role of michael scott but it went to steve carell .
i thought this was a pretty cool nod to that fact by having odenkirk as the manager of another branch .
i 'm not smart or strong enough to get through this .
i have to much bitter resentment for everything that makes life what it is .
at the end of it all i will die cold and alone and absolutely no one is going to give a shit .
you seem to overthink this which is n't something stupid people tend to do .
do you think maybe you picked the wrong program ?
it 's probably more your own self-destructive thoughts that hold you back more than lack of intelligence though i do n't know you .
i 've myself been a victim to holding myself to impossible standards though .
sure the pixel might get little tweaks on the ui but most of it is nothing but cosmetic bs
it 's not about necessity it 's about your personal relationship with time .
i still get plenty of matches and based on what bumble says 50 guys who are interested in me .
i 'd hate to put a relationship when i may meet a guy who would be good for a casual relationship .
i want to make sure that i am known as one of the originals .
i have n't put up with 36 years of longhorn ups and downs for nothing .
i wish it was that easy for me i ca n't get it out of my head i 've done it for 3 years and i feel like it 's taking over i wan na tell someone but i would rather someone on here it 's like i 'm not in control of my body my own body is forcing me to shut the door and doing it
sorry your recent post https redd.it/abphpb still does not have any flair and was permanently removed .
feel free to resubmit your post and remember to flair it once it is posted .
if you are using the mobile version of the site click the hamburger menu in the top right of the screen and switch to the desktop site and then follow the instructions as you would on desktop .
do n't reply to me i 'm a bot .
whenever i do something or attach my name to some tasks that i 've performed or product that i 've created i make sure that i did it as well as possible that nobody can look at the thing that i did or the thing that i put my effort into and think badly of me .
like you said and is the case with most things it 's all in the execution .
washing with only water is perfectly fine in the shower if there 's a visible mess or you 're especially stinky i suggest aveno sensitive body wash .
i use it on places where bacteria build up like pits shoulders and upper back and a bit between my legs .
if it 's sandal or dress shoes or i 've been sweating in my shoes my feet also get soap .
in heat waves i 'll do a bit more all over work with a wash cloth everywhere .
note wash your hands with soap frequently and before using them to wash any other part of your body .
no point in transferring germs from the things you 've been touching all day to places they would n't otherwise get !
and it 's flu session where am so i wash my hands extra frequently like the moment i get home or am about to eat .
liverpool are going to win 10-2 on agraggate against bayern
they 're molested starved mentally and physically abused lonely suicidal and more likely to become criminals and addicts .
you 'd be better off taking in an american child than a kid from a '3rd world country ' .
it 's more affordable and beneficial to the child who is right in your own city waiting for a warm home while you 're shopping for a chinese baby .
i 'm not very representative probably first of because im more of a former ap but the critique still resonates with me a lot and is still part of my way of looking at the world .
i used to be an 'anarcho-traveler ' type hopping trains squatting dumpstering shoplifting learning earth skills and plant id and reading a lot of anthropology and doing activism with indigenous solidarity eco defense antifascist etc ... some of which took me to some very wild and beautiful places and other kinds of profound experiences .
then i got involved with leftists and it basically ruined my life ... so its very different now .
i live in a rural area i garden i hike a lot .
i eat a 'pegan ' type diet mainly because it keeps my immune system from going haywire .
still read a lot and follow native issues closely read a lot more in philosophy spirituality and history now .
i sometimes think we may be in an age of the world where the main work for decent souls beyond surviving is mourning .
though i realize this may be a self-serving justification for a kind of hermit-like quietism i 'm sort of stuck with for various reasons .
i ca n't sort of will myself into being a primitive person and i ca n't deactivate the global death machine .
even as limited as the frame of my life has become within that it helps to have a greater sense of what it 's all about and why things are so fucked .
and to be sort of attuned to where i can exist in a way that is somewhat authentic compassionate natural and does some good or at least not too much harm .
best if you do that part yourself then beg for someone to come hit you ... . bugs really are ridiculous in this otherwise fun game .
it 's not out of the question to say that 's the only one they feel is worth that pick .
i would n't think they 'd prioritize that position in the first round but it has enough value that if a guy fell for reasons the steelers were ok with at 20 why not ?
people put too much stock into first round picks taken in the back half of the round anyway .
it 's about what they can develop into in the future .
even if ab 's meltdown did n't cast doubts on his future here he has two years left on his deal .
the first c8f is the single 18650 version and we did not sell on amazon now .
and then we updated the c8f to the 21700 18650 version the first batch has some output issues after it shipped we have found the issues with the blfer feedback and then we solve it .
the new c8f 21700 flashlight we sell on amazon now without any issues on amazon warehouse .
anyone who does not enjoy the flashlight that you have receive please contact us sofirnlight.com or send the pm on this forum we will arranged the refund or the replacement with no reason .
bc tum logon ko 100 ka dete h hume 150 ka padta h there are not as many chutiyas in our country to buy a 50 phone for 100or150 .
but they are all really close to be honest and are special in their own way .
i thought mgs1 would be too dated for me to get into but even though its at the bottom of the list i really liked the game .
i just reading about you in that issue last week .
ugh i honestly rant to myself a lot about this but reddit is full of the most unfunny guys who constantly spit out the same jokes over and over again see next mrs obama get down !
and circlejerk themselves for making the most painful cringey jokes .
then the same dudes get rly mad at women for not being entertaining enough '' on dates etc .
even though ime on reddit muacj and other women driven subs are usually the funniest .
combine all of that with us ladies gay men whoever the fuck yall are just out here trying to have a good time but goofy ass men come in here and think they deserve an award for their penis ? ?
if you like jerking or makeup or whatever then great comment upvote post etc .
but do n't go out of your way to tell me you 're a guy and expect me to kiss your ass .
the worst part is they bring their unfunny sexualizing asses into these subs and just ruin the whole vibe .
not to mention how condescending they are about womenz actually being funny '' .
i was able to find the episode thanks to your post .
i thought they were talking about oikawa over-practicing or something but the kyoutani thing makes a lot of sense .
you 're note forced to do them on all 3 so what 's the issue ?
not sure what you mean by interesting but there 's r/thesefuckingaccounts
these people would attack bernie even if he lived in a shitty basement apartment .
would love to see u with your hair down or in pigtails
sounds a lot like sierra online computer game music from that same time period https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ynvutew0sjm
i ca n't change the email address while trying to log into mut .
i honestly do n't know if that was even the ea access i used on my old xbox where i played so often
maybe some hero rebalancing since ken and ludwig had some skill description changes .
same there 's 4-5 times today where i was cloaked crouched and not moving yet a guy comes around the corner and pretty much insta attacks me no there 's no enemy recon around
rimworld came out of early access its probally the best game i 've ever played
the ball landed really close to the foul line entirely possible he thought it was out because of a bad angle or something .
also possible he went on auto pilot and reached over with everyone else .
i 'm confident he would n't have touched it and got kicked out intentionally .
this allows for more variations of posts to be found when looking up the discussions for the series .
for example if the title of a post uses vol ch the post can not be found with the search bar if the user types out volume chapter .
however if the post is titled with volume chapter the post is searchable with vol ch .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lightnovels if you have any questions or concerns .
we had a perfectly manageable system in d1 with a page for our current missions and pursuits .
the only thing i wanted to change from that was the ones we tracked get moved to the front page .
instead i have to juggle more than two dozen bounties while i go after sleeper nodes/pinnacle weapons/unlocking forges and hold on to a talisman that for all intents and purposes should be just something my guardian has and not take up another slot .
more importantly why are you talking like a neanderthal ?
so we would be taking on over 15 mil in cap hit to take on a 31 year old locker room cancer that is completely reliant on speed and quickness .
think about that ... an aging speed and quickness reliant wr who flips the fuck out and blames everyone but himself every time anything goes wrong playing for a franchise that always has weird shit go wrong while playing for a coach/gm that wont put up with guys picking fights and starting bullshit .
oh and we would have to mortgage our future for a two year window at success while praying he doesnt go any more crazy than he already has proven to be .
we need a solid slot wr for a lot less money coupled with a complete te to round out the offense .
that lets us tackle our o-line depth while still going after improvements on defense .
with patricia as hc our offense needs to be more efficient than explosive .
shorten the game a bit get points more consistently and be able to work the clock when needed .
wait what other reason is there to bring up lobsters having hierarchies if that is n't the implication ?
animals do lots of shit humans do n't obviously humans do have hierarchies and always have but you get what i 'm saying what lobsters do/do n't do is n't necessarily relevant to humanity and it seems like a huge non sequitur if you are n't trying to make some point about human society when you mention it .
hopefully long term booking the one who will eventually topple daniel bryan .
jedi dooku showed up in the same episode that the dark ritual skin was featured .
not sure where this was initially from but most art i 've seen depicts earl dooku with a blue lightsaber .
they have a lot of tea tree stuff so i forgot .
just keep your receipt as they are flexible about taking back used product if you do n't like it .
i love interpretations of might makes right where its not look at my big dick and more if i was wrong surely someone would stop me.
it 's much worse when we have a low self esteem .
i do n't think you 're into me why would you be ?
remember that pull tabs ring up in the same range as gold .
you will dig a ton of garbage but sometimes you pull out something awesome when you least expect it
in any country outside the us you 'll simply be called american
my cats would not be so kind and those back claws are sharp .
i am glad that lana is cooperative and cute !
i got my email at 8 am this morning .
i hope you did n't miss the email batch d
i do n't know a single person with a healthy home life who was n't somewhat nervous about leaving for college .
low key rodgers gives me a lot of jay cutler vibes attitude wise .
the older guys respect him and give him benefit of the doubt but i just do n't see younger guys being inspired and rallying around him to the extent needed to win a title .
i really wish i knew what my mother did with all my now valuable childhood toys .
reddit hates this because they have this irrational fear that dozens of women will suddenly accuse them of rape but how many times have 30 accounts from unrelated people all been made up to frame someone ?
there is no logical explanation that does n't involve him being a sexual predator .
pretty much all of them in like two weeks time .
that 's why we probably need a striker for the second half of the season beyond who can play atm
i ca n't get the help via app or ps4 and last group that decided they 'd show me never git that far 😤 geez .
thanks dad i hope you get a white bag for this comment
clearly should be playing on all those slots websites that get view bottled .
sou sou alguém que olha para a imagem e vê chapado no canto conteúdo comercial '' .
se as pessoas não sabem ler ou só têm um neurónio azar .
ich glaube '' dass sie schlechter performen werden jedoch hat mir mein vater so erklärt bekomme ich am ende der laufzeit der einzelnen produkte zinsen 100 des kaufpreises wieder wenn der kurs am stichtag nicht unter 75 ist .
one of the biggest names in the nfl has drama around him so yes
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/abtd9g/m22_so_i_know_how_this_sounds_but_i_want_to_know and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likley consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
it must be presented alongside your ticket for the discount to be valid .
is not a valid defence under railway bylaws nor is receipt btw
not sure how i feel about the usage of drag queen/gay male language to describe a trans woman ... .. that just feels kinda wrong to me and it 's something twitter does a lot too
because i am the first in the server because it says finding for 3 players then they join then they leave again .
but i take it once a day with my redbull before work i work swing shift i stay tired i get worse withdrawls headaches mostly from lack of redbull than i ever have kratom .
my boyfriend is however an addict meth junkie and he takes it the same as i do once a day .
and hes been clean for almost a year and a half .
i think kratom is tricky to abuse ... we use it as a stimulant so if u take to much or add a dose later u are always risking goin down instead .
there 's a decent documentary on netflix called leaf of life i believe kinda explains why it is non.addictive .
i can see where someone may have a habitual problem with it .
anyone who gets drunk while carrying a gun should be arrested .
op is still an asshole but that 's just because he called the police to fuck over someone he did n't like and not because he was concerned about safety .
i think it should 've looked somewhat like how dalek thay 's back panels looked after he sacrificed them and replaced them .
just bare metal with welding lines but still in proper proportions to the regular body with scrapes dents and rust here and there to seal the scrap look rather than making it look wonky and outta proportion .
or maybe a dalek with missing bits or a dalek that was badly decayed and replaced bits of itself with alternate components while still looking like a dalek .
not despawn though you can get the overflow loot bag which wo n't make you lose any stuff but the pretty display will be ruined
the chemist in me is screaming a little is n't that generating hydrogen and oxygen ?
big time bowl and playoff games on the west coast should be at the rose bowl .
lol i am a nanny and i wanted to take a pic but the baby sleeps in my room and i did n't want to wake him up .
i put a blacklight in a lamp so i can see where i walk but it 's still dark enough for him .
hence my pic that looks like it was taken at a nightclub lol
or he does fuck all for three years and they loan him out and eventually sell him for 15 million .
i did n't know there are allowed to show in video games now .
i still do n't want them if i had to play as a nazi .
and you 're right there are always terrible things happening in wars .
learned this sing for a choir concert and i looked up the chords for my guitar to practice it .
needless to say it 's my favorite song to play while i am just enjoying my day .
yeah i am looking at going to therapy again .
i feel like i may need more then that this time .
they always forget the fine prints professional driver in closed circuit .
in case the joke goes over anybody 's head i 'm referring to murder and duct tape respectively
when you practice lines so much your forehead grows 3 massive ones if those stuck out anymore you could use those as shelfs maybe hold some antidepressants in there you look like you need em .
judging from the content you 're posting i doubt there is much he could do to change your mind .
yeah the discounts mlms give their distributors are very small so they 're basically selling it to their family friends at a very similar price they bought it for themselves .
the mlm sets the prices so high for shitty products because the products are red herrings .
the products take them outside of the definition of pyramid scheme even though the only way you can make any money with them is recruiting a lot of people .
mlms make the most money off the huns not off the people the huns sell to .
the huns have to buy a vastly overpriced starter kit pay for training conferences and transport then keep paying every month to meet a quota just so they can actually make commission and make any money at all ! .
the company buys the products from alibaba at wholesale prices the younique brush that was around 15¢ to buy and they sell for 32 for example then sells it to the distributors at an insane markup that no sensible person would pay because they 're selling the experience .
they know there 's a massive turnover in distributors for their companies but those starter kit sales keep putting money in their pockets especially for companies like llr with 4000 starter kits .
the majority of huns are n't making any profit off this at all .
they 're also pretty dumb and gulliable and/or in a desperate situation .
women would be more empowered filming videos of themselves falling over on youtube
i am still waiting and i didnt get it today also .
or when i decided lets go full speed on a snowboard and try to stop and face plant .
i am speaking for myself here but you can see your back and other things that have been out of your field of vision by constructing the environment by what you saw earlier and other senses and filling the gaps .
as for the back you know which clothes you wear and you have an idea of what the back of your head looks like and the take the inputs from your movements to recreate the scene .
it is all speculation but it certainly is a real thing to see yourself from the back as well as dreaming or remember dreams in 3rd person .
not going to happen unless he 's in a non-extradition country .
people with money will always be looking to lend to those without for a fee .
where it goes wrong is when a central authority can create these loans out of nothing the current system because if we all use that money we all are robbed by the creation of more of it inflation .
fractional reserve loans hurt everyone but the one making the fake money real lending such as loaning out gold and bitcoin benefits everyone .
does n't have a u '' in it anywhere .
shhh let them think he 's just spending his own money with no return
the only case scenario for supporting 32bit would be for the intel atom z3735 which unfortunately only allows 32bit windows install but allows 64bit linux .
either way those cpu 's are already slow and their successors supports 64bit .
hence i do n't think 32bit is worth supporting anymore .
seriously people do n't even bloody bother with life jackets where crocs are involved .
you 're speaking as if he 's a regular starter at arsenal .
this is no better than a facebook post about your resolution .
or maybe they just care about being a decent person and not joking about shit that should n't be joked about ?
not as hard but wait a week or two and tolerance is at a complete zero
it says something that the one right in the middle of wellingborough town centre ... closd down
i 'm always on the look out for towns that have lost their mcdonald 's .
it 's quite literally the same as it was back then but it 's just on your mobile device .
game runs flawlessly although at high frame rate it drains battery but you can turn that down .
do note this actually isnt seperate from regular osrs on a pc you play on the same account on mobile as station .
i 'm considering it but i like having something to work on during the mornings might get a little boring if everything is automated
you have been given one point for this answer .
he spent two hours waiting for you to give him a treat
they are getting ubiquitous in ipsc production in australia and we have the same 10 rnd mag limit
funny you mention this got a message last night that said did you screw with my xbox '' from some rando .
at my friends ' wedding the groom pulled out a sonic screwdriver when throwing the garter and the bride absolutely loved it .
i think i might have been one of only a couple people at the wedding who knew what it was but he told me after that all he really cared about was that she appreciated it .
that 's the day if no other where you should really do what makes the two of you happy without worrying about others .
i do n't know a lot about it but bel canto is a style of singing that was used in opera .
that 's just how i refer to that style since i really only hear it in opera or arias .
i ca n't guess what it means but it certainly fit the music !
plini will be touring north america starting in march .
this does seem like the kind of thing that would be very helpful and the sort of thing that sighted players probably often take for granted and do n't even think about how useful it is for us to be able to quickly scan through history visually .
safety is the most important part of gun ownership but too many people i know with licenses get far too comfortable around their weapons .
i 've stopped shooting with some friends because i did n't trust their gun safety .
i do n't care that i saw you pull the slide check the barrel and chamber pop the clip and saw that empty and the safety is on .
you do n't put the clip back in pop the slide forward and then hold the gun at your side and turn to talk to me .
keep the gun pointed down range at all times and nothing less than that is acceptable .
it all depends in you can separate the content from the creator
this is exactly how its been working in world of warcraft for a long time no issues with it .
of course this will be lost on deaf ears but nobody is blaming russians for everything . ''
russia attacked the united states by subjecting the country to a military-grade psyops operation with the intent of electing an idiot over whom they had substantial leverage via years of working him as an intelligence asset a useful idiot '' in their terms .
this is consistent with everything we know about russia 's geopolitical aims .
the blame placed on russia is proportionate to the severity of that attack .
your bitrate has to be lower than your upload speed otherwise you will get dropped frames which result in choppy video .
so test the connection with something like 1600 kbps bitrate .
if it 's smooth then you have the culprit .
the problem then would be that even 2 mbps upload is quite low for streaming at 720p60 .
you 'll probably have to drop to 720p30 and even then fast paced games would be an issue .
so you just stare up her skirt for two hours ?
ahh fuck me i put way too much on this
it definitely felt that way when i tamed the white arabian .
definitely felt like it should have been much harder to tame .
you get to a point where you will understand ferdinand in fact has no armor no mobility and a meh gun for opponents in faces 80 of battles .
so do n't worry you will change your mind .
maybe going to internal affairs would of been a better route ?
i just alt tab to pornhub and jack it alternating to left and right hands each session .
you know there is a dank memer bot on discord that takes memes from here right .
and this is why i 'm planning on living in a van .
i just ca n't afford anything even close to being decent and i really do n't want to rent a room and share a house with 4-5 strangers .
gon na be a struggle but is what it is .
about 10 of the uk 's manufacturing industry is defence military munitions related .
we are the 2nd biggest exporter of arms in the world .
it 's a dirty secret but we rely on overseas governments to keep wanting to murder their people or their neighbours .
edit removed the words foreign scumbags because well looked kinda racist when you put those words together .
a companys response to workers unionizing should never ever be anything but that 's great news !
unions are a great way for us to have better relations with our work force not forget about ethics and morals and help us spot potentially damaging problems within our organisation ! '' .
unless of course they 're not interested in doing things right .
there are so many reasons this is bad and we should n't do it we ca n't possibly address them all .
can i adoptnor buy him illnpay 250 for him i really want a dog
my only complaint is that there are 10 seconds of logos before the trailer even starts and considering that those 10 seconds are when you need to grab people it is n't a great start .
i 'd put them at the end if i were in your position .
one thing you can do is have two different stories .
story a is your real situation who you only tell to people in your league and above .
story b is your fake or half truth story you tell to everyone else .
i think this is pretty similar to what you 're currently doing except your leaving out one crucial element .
you need to tell the group a people exactly what you 're doing .
so as soon as you tell them story a be sure to mention how you do n't tell that to many people and you only tell story b to most people .
that way when a people and b people meet you have nothing to worry about because the a people will back you up when you start talking about story b .
if i had gold i would give you some after doing research
not if you 're attacking multiple enemies at the same time .
i sit in the front seat as well but i 'm a guy .
may i ask what model and have you ever dropped it ?
or work from home ... i fill up once month .
it stretches even further when i use fuel rewards and discounted gas cards .
i myself do n't play much blackout but that 's mainly due to me living in australia and playing on pc which means i ca n't find a blackout match unless it 's squads between 3-10pm .
i feel so bad for all blackout players because there 's currently no incentive to come back and play either than the fun of it
this could be very interesting if the new ryzen3000 desktop lineup really consists of 16c/32t cpus which i would grab for myself asap .
i would do 2k each for both the trapper and robot legs
ricochet rounds is 5 range and 10 stability the kicker is it has a built in zoom magnification not stated in the description essentially this is like having rangefinder built in for free and will boost range significantly so think of it more like 15 to range .
you will have longer ranges before date drop off and the hand cannon will feel more 'consistent ' .
light mag is 5 to range and 10 to reload and i can see why the reload boost over stability would otherwise seem preferable .
i think we usually have seaward winds so all the ash just flies harmlessly into sea .
the song implies that the character singing it is pulled against the grain '' in a current sense not a past sense though .
the pearls are already made and thus would n't be pulled against the grain '' anymore if it would be that literal
i was specifically referring to the legal guns he can legally own at 21 .
here in south africa we work on skills based .
you have to show compatency with firearms before you are allowed to own them .
police and army bypass the civilian testing as the military does its own testing .
once you pass you get a license show the license to a gun store buy a gun .
when we can discuss each other 's flaws eithout fear of anyone getting mad .
that looks like a proper sissy smooth clit to me .
we should 69 for the pleasure of real men ?
maybe i misunderstood what you were trying to say but it seemed like you were saying that f holes never became universal on guitars due to electric amplification .
my point was that guitars never really went away from circular sound holes even as the violin family adopted f holes as the standard which was well before electric amplification was developed .
this guy was just fucking with somebody else because of a misspelling .
if the launch of a new expansion did n't get people to stick around for uldir there is no way people are gon na stick around for a new raid tier with nothing else to offer .
i however do have plans of canceling by 8.2 when all the promises inevitably fall through .
he shared a video too though ... you can search for his profile too .
ah not the lyrics necessarily but the song itself from the structure to the chorus drop !
it looks like you did not use the spoiler syntax correctly .
there are no spaces between the exclamation marks and the spoiler text .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/reddeadredemption if you have any questions or concerns .
great cosplay but also upvoted for the white tree of gondor tattoo .
in most games it 's very unlikely that both teams stay even until they hit full build .
casuals/ranked are particularly prone to snowball and the winning team usually kills titan before the losing team gets full build .
generally the higher level the game the faster it gets closed out because good players are efficient and do n't let their opponents 6 slot when they 're ahead .
she also supported a constitutional amendment to define marriage between one man and one woman .
she learned it from her father who was a nasty piece of work who hated gays .
keep on hoping https youtu.be/tak5jy0zw_i by raul midon ft. jason mraz .
a good friend/ex used to sing it to me every now and then .
he was murdered by his next girlfriend a few years later .
not really i 'd only just woke up and described the first thing i saw in my mind
i do n't understand how this is in violation of any rule .
yeah i feel like it 's a southern thing as i 've noticed a lot of bavarian newsreaders roll their r '' s .
i lived in a rural town with my parents .
as soon as i hit 18 i was out .
here 's the thing jackass it ai n't as easy as it seems .
for an outside person like you it 's easy .
it 's the same with well why did n't you report it to the police ?
it 's on teeny tiny little thing called fear .
so do n't try and be that condescending douche that screams the obvious you should leave him yet why did n't you '' .
well thanks captain obvious she did n't think of that .
i upgraded the bowden tube and couplings and the plastic extruder to an aluminium one straight off the bat before even assembling .
i added a glass bed and tl smoothers before first print .
the smoothers are debatable if they do anything for this machine but they were cheap so thought why not .
let 's be real the 1.29 trillion are a large part backhanded subsidies for the pharmaceutical industry and does not represent what is actually being invested in the health care of the us people .
are n't drug companies the biggest spenders when it comes to buying us politicians ?
from my scrub experience thug is much harder to play with a mw than it is with a dpriest even after the nerf .
you need the offensive pressure the disc bring and you do n't have anything for your monk .
if he goes in and woc he 'll get destroyed in a stun against any melee and you 'll lose the momentum .
i checked the wiki and all i see in the wiki for anko-coroutines is a deprecated method called bg and a function that should be deprecated because it 's bad practice called asref .
i was helping some ivy-league politician polish his speech for a european visit and got irritated at the interruptions .
first it was a starlet wanting to bed him then another wanting to sing happy birthday then someone delivering a huge box of cuban cigars ...
i got so disgusted at his lack of concentration i told him that calling someone a doughnut '' was basically saying they were handsome and good in bed .
ok i guess that 's on me for the awkwardness but ... really watching someone get a handie from a c-list celeb was not why i went to school .
i almost had a seizure trying to decrypt her bio .
only a couple of places once i get out of town in va .
was hoping to end up somewhere i otherwise would n't .
have n't been in this part of nc since ‘14 .
hello i 'm a freelancer illustrator from brazil and i 'm free to do some works this is my portfolio https www.artstation.com/hudinsantos https www.artstation.com/hudinsantos
face value i 'd say yeah joe is worth more than dana just because so many people see him as the voice of the ufc
got ta give dana the behind the scenes respect he might be a goof but he 's our goof and he keeps a lot of fighters in line
on the other hand public advocate has no actual power and right now he does have power ...
hello and good morning to all ... .as i now go to bed !
not really running from the cops '' as i did n't know we were being chased..
buddy and i back in the late 90 's went for a ride in the mountains west of denver to try out his new bike fj-1200 .
after a few hours we were flying back into town down i-70 probably moving 110-120 when we passed a cop well hidden in the center median .
we exited just after that and my turn was just a half-mile after the exit so we parted ways and i went home .
he called me an hour or so later hey man did you even see that cop ? ''
apparently she caught him about a mile past my turn and threw the book at him 115 in a 55 speed contest evading arrest etc..
she asked him who the other rider was and he just told her i was some random kid trying to keep up with him .
someone asked me where syria was and i froze for about five seconds and then blurted out africa .
maysville around madison sq park is really nice without being over the top .
great vibe and drinks especially if you like whiskey .
my coworker also takes all of his first dates here lol .
i always set a stop on the sled even if it 's only for one piece and no matter how carefully i measure i always cut a piece of scrap first to check it 's right .
this also tends to 'transition ' my thinking from the measurement i need to set to the measurement the piece has to be .
when making drawers out of plywood and they all have the same length and width i rout the necessary grooves and rabbet the edges of pieces long enough i can then just slice off the height of each one .
in my current project this means having to pick the proper side only eight times rather than forty .
the fewer decisions i make the fewer will be wrong .
i also do the largest boards first so if i make a mistake i can cut it down to the size of the next-smaller piece .
probably my biggest thing is using a cad program to draw everything up and fitting the pieces together digitally before turning on a saw .
i do n't usually make the same mistake twice but i 'm sort of a master when it comes to finding new ones .
this is still how i enter dire maul ! !
yuh that 's what i meant thought you were op at first
... hangs down and to the right of the anchor point on the path ...
i tried anti-alising but the difference is still visible and look a little bit weird .
i ca n't have image maps because the size of block can be different .
compensate the fixed down-right bias of the drawing algorithm .
a funny story worked as a digital vp for a company and was laid off and had my department divided up from under me .
fast forward about a year and their major enterprise level site that i was responsible for goes down .
lost 1000s in sales and advertising dollars and was majorly embarrassing to the company .
i did it well so well they did n't understand what i was doing because it was all behind teh scenes .
they never asked what i was doing and assumed i was n't needed .
they even reassigned my 2 who knew where the bodies were burried but put them in a position that it was not thier responsibility .
continuity of service and performance is valuable in the face of the alternative .
yes i can i do that the first time before add snow on them and with snow it 's better than without in my opinion
whatever it takes to get booger flicked out of our lives .
just a clarification there 's a deep history of logic and philosophy in religion .
literally centuries of thinkers who for a long time had access to the best education the world had to offer and used it to create logical arguments for and even against religion .
what they are not generally are empiricists or naturalists which i think is what people mean now when they say logic or reason .
will there be another chance or is that it ?
pretty cool but they should 've just added the same one as criterion and oblivion .
i actually only say the r if it 's ones whose names are complete with it like r/youseeingthisshit
are you sure it 's upscaling and not just using the internal dac and amplifier of the headphones ?
i used to be a memesseur like you then i took a hitler in the knee .
an acid spitting gland second heart third lung for underwater breathing
and yes observer pattern is much better for this .
i thought that i was replying to another comment that said that the picture was n't sexy i said it is
i hope there will a seven headed dragon somewhere too .
there was a mono-g list a few months back that just ran them all .
i even added 2 joraga warcaller when i tested it the trick was being fine playing it as a 1/1 since you 'll got other lords later .
it beats down really well and you can start coco-ing before anger resolves because you 're likely to hit double lords to buff the team through the damage .
it lacks the punch of shaman builds but it 's fun to play around with .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
oil is at a somewhat stable bottom so the market is too .
i 'm worried now we rallied too hard though and there will be pullback at open instead of more rallying .
it seems that congress already did something special this year .
that cat on the right is definitely being held by a person
without the sweet spot mechanic using bolt actions with iron sights feels like a massive disadvantage to me regardless of the magnification .
you will get a legendary when you dont expect it
there 's an elevated spot in that room that an ace trainer is guarding the ramp to .
are you sure there is a wall blocking your path on that elevated section ?
edit here 's a video guide where this section is concerned .
if that wall is n't lowered then i 'm not sure what you can do .
question 1 anyone know the average shelf-life of retinol give or take ?
question 2 for those who mix to 's resveratrol 3 ferulic acid 3 with one of their vitamin c products how much r+e do you use ?
re 1 i need to make a deciem/the ordinary order and since i 'd rather throw in a filler '' item than pay shipping i 'm thinking of getting an extra '' bottle of retinol .
that is to say i 'm buying retinol 0.2 in squalane to use immediately but considering a bottle of retinol 0.5 in squalane to store for use when the 0.2 is empty/done .
most sources i can find claim it to be good for about six months after opening but i ca n't find anything about unopened .
it 'd be stored in a dark place that stays around 67-73f year-round if it matters .
i can store it in its box in a mini-fridge but if it would n't make a big difference i 'd rather just keep it in my backstock/backup '' drawers .
re 2 i have the 23 suspension ha spheres and want to mix r+e with it immediately before use obviously but ca n't find any info on amounts or a possible ideal ratio .
some of these post deserve it seriously why are we posting meetup requests and 7-am pictures you took of dubai .
use it inside out and the nights will cover all the lands in a second darkness .
so i 've been backpacking before but now my best friend asked me if i want to go backpacking with him and his sister .
we are both in college right now but we plan to do a short 3-4 weeks trip to somewhere cheap in south east asia .
i never looked into traveling asia before and the other two have never been backpacking before .
i 've yet to see 1 republican stand up for the american people over wealthy interests .
hopefully mueller is different but i do n't think that 's a smart bet .
trump is in clear violation of the emoluments clause the same clause that required carter to sell his peanut farm .
in my opinion trump should be impeached for that day 1 of democrats controlling the house .
there is no reason to wait the same way you get suspicious if a ref calls a late flag .
furthermore there are no limits on how many flags can be called or how many times you can impeach as far as i know .
every day the senate should be sent a new impeachment bill from the house until trump liquidates his business or resigns .
i can down 8-10 pretty easy on the average night .
im starting to think that might be my issue ...
bilang na bilang lang ang nirerespeto kong pinoy na nagsasabing dog/pet lovers sila dahil halos lahat ng nagsasabi ng ganyan ay may mga alagang puro may breed .
mentality ko pinoy dog lover dog with breed for show social media showing off .
ni hindi nga nila alam ang requirements ng pets nila .
there are special in home lights that you can expose yourself to that will help .
the taiwanese passport literally says republic of china '' on it..
the people complaining about every article here being pro-china is hilarious .
it was only over than less than a year where many posts here had an anti-china slant and some mods would ban people with a chinese flag flair .
if he was still at the roosters that would be almost enough to get him banned for life
it 's rather apparent you wo n't concede that any aspect of your argument is flawed .
i 've provided you with valid sources which you decided not to look into .
i 've given you proper definitions of terms that prove the correlation between merit '' and competence '' and decided to disregard it and throw it out the window .
also if i even prove something to you you immediately pivot and bring up another argument .
the fact of the matter is you are not agreeable in any sense of the word .
she can not force him to call her by her pronouns .
it 's one thing to identify as a woman .
it 's another thing to force others to say something they do n't want to say
what about non binary board member who put x on their drivers license ?
2 years is far too short for deku to even catch up in height with everyone else
this is n't mom meant by father son bonding dad ! !
weird i didnt catch it during my research phase ...
come on man what about the egg and spoon race ? !
mariota and wentz have n't been doing very well so i would n't use those guys in your argument
guess he 's probably worked on a ton of stuff .
though now i 'm curious what you mean with rts techno '' soundtracks because i goddamn love me some red alert 1/2 music .
grinder https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=nqz4zonqb9u or twin cannon https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=eo7zu679tbw ... or of course hell march .
also if the videya takes too long to load/buffer it gets the gong .
i need more of this so i know how to improve
we have two pirate sites owned by corporations and nobody gives a fuck and dozens of small ones too
the pay is fucking shite and people treat him like dirt .
he spends the majority of his time trying to catch up because mongs get on and do n't know where they are going or try to argue the fare .
if you are omnivorous newari thakali and limbu dishes may be palatable .
if you are a vegan you may like dishes preferred by followers of krishna pranami .
strangely i do n't see people mention marwari dishes in this thread .
although the origins of the marwari ethnicity can be traced back to india there has been a sizable presence of the community for several generations now and i personally love their vegetarian cuisine so much so that i think marwari dishes are already some of the most popular mainstream dishes found across the country .
there is also the streetside naan-roti joints you may want to explore which was firstly introduced in nepal by the punjabi sikh community but now has its own very popular localized version in nepal preferred by people from all different backgrounds in the country .
sorry you 're right this is more like mainstream politics in australia .
i just remember his tackling being so good my heart always goes in my mouth when someone slides in in the box and he 'd always come away with the ball .
would love to be able to find stats to see if what i felt watching him live was legit .
your aunt is the sister of one of your parents .
if you search 144hz qhd in pcpartpicker or amazon you may find a better value option than the dell monitor and save yourself 50 to 100 .
i think lamar would 've been injured by week 12 so his projected stats do n't mean anything to me but the fact he was on pace for that many fumbles
i 'm too fucking old to be watching cartoon network .
the pursuit of preserving without shame white culture our goals happen to align .
aboard means it is played on your opponents side of the board .
a cursed bracelet is a 10 cost spell that destroys all other cursed bracelets in your hand .
yeah official hts confirm most of theo ther stuff he claims but not the much more important locations in this tweet .
other people have suggested great things and i would definitely try to change your usernames .
usually a hacker '' would try a group of usernames and passwords down a list they obtained and not focus on one account like yours .
unless you have your information easily accessible where everyone is trying .
i would instead look at apps or connected services .
apps like mint or a bank with external access to another .
those will generally retry enough to lock your account .
protests erupted downtown late this morning after it was announced that user comments would be disabled on all major image hosting websites in the eu starting 2019 .
web users demanded the ability to comment in what amounts to simply captioning images siting their right to freedom of speech . ''
oh wait i installed c and now i can run destiny 2
do you actually wan na see the island or jura too ?
or just wheech around to tick it off your bucket list ?
i 'm a big whisky fan so i wanted to get to a couple of distilleries as well as some nice walks and relaxing just watching the wildlife and the like but everyone is different !
well here 's the kicker they get paid way way more than that here .
basic pay in the jail i worked in was 56,000 i was taking home 76,000 a year .
i would say the int one just because he gives himself ki which is typically a problem on that team
kash itni mehnat agar khud ko improve krne me or dhanka bf dhundne me lagai hoti .
to be fair you are like maybe a 5 in new york but i 'm sure you 'd be a 6 in scranton 😉
as if my mai tonight could n't get any better ... https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yr9l5rq604m
well it 's way better than a crosley and will be good for long time .
but looking into the future perspective you should upgrade to something like rega planar 3 it is way more upgradable .
in april 1999 david copeland a neo-nazi planted a series of nail bombs over 13 days .
his attacks which were aimed at london's black bangladeshi and gay communities resulted in three dead and more than 100 injured .
copeland was a former member of two far right political groups the british national party bnp and the national socialist movement .
it was to cause a racial war in this country .
there 'd be a backlash from the ethnic minorities then all the white people will go out and vote bnp . ''
in july 2007 robert cottage a former bnp member was convicted for possessing explosive chemicals in his home – described by police at the time of his arrest as the largest amount of chemical explosive of its type ever found in that country .
in june 2008 martyn gilleard a british nazi sympathizer was jailed after police found nail bombs bullets swords axes and knives in his flat.also in 2008 nathan worrell was found guilty of possession of material for terrorist purposes and racially aggravated harassment .
he was described by anti-terror police as a dangerous individual '' .
the court heard that police found books and manuals containing recipes '' to make bombs and detonators using household items such as weedkiller at worrell 's flat .
in july 2009 neil lewington was planning on waging a terror campaign using weapons made from tennis balls and weedkiller against those he classified as non british '' .
in 2012 the british home affairs committee warned of the threat of far right terrorism in the uk claiming it had heard persuasive evidence '' about the potential danger and cited the growth of similar threats across europe .
members of combat 18 c18 a neo-nazi organisation based on the concept of leaderless resistance '' have been suspected in numerous deaths of immigrants non-whites and other c18 members .
between 1998 and 2000 dozens of members were arrested .
a group calling itself the racial volunteer force split from c18 in 2002 retaining close links to its parent organization.some journalists believed that the white wolves were a c18 splinter group alleging that the group had been set up by del o'connor the former second-in-command of c18 and member of skrewdriversecurity .
c18 attacks on immigrants continued through 2009.weapons ammunition and explosives were seized by police in the uk and almost every country in which c18 was active .
in 2016 jo cox the member of parliament mp for the batley and spen constituency was murdered by thomas mair who was motivated by far-right political views and had connections to several far-right organisations in the uk us and south africa .
they used to make couples hold hands then jump over the fire for some pagan fertility stuff or that may of been something i read in game of thrones .
you have to factor in the environment in which they live .
germans have free healthcare very good quality excellent public transport clean cities and governments which provide a social net in case something goes wrong .
they also enjoy cheaper prices than a lot in the eu .
greece has some of these policies but public hospitals here are a horrible mess cities are so dirty and toxic with only basic sanitation services and dirty parks .
they have huge potholes and cars parked on every side and on every sidewalk .
public transport with the exception of the metro in athens is a mess .
buses are never on time and they are old .
the government 's social net is almost nonexistent and public education is a mess too .
with that in mind a poor german while poor for your standards is much richer compared to a poor person in many eu countries .
yes the vast majority of people in greece own at least a house and a parcel of land somewhere in the country but their quality of life is considerably worse .
yeaaaaa ... ..for those wondering it 's the picture to the right .
look 👀 at dark fina with that damn red hair
from what i 've seen the angel beats is overrated '' opinion is very common .
personally i enjoyed the comedy characters and light story .
though it does n't take much to impress me ...
oh and it permanently takes up a ring slot too ?
can you stack the challenges or do they just vary in difficulty that 's an awesome idea thanks for explaining .
saw it after i made the post stuck with it now .
will takes jayden back to west philadelphia to toughen up
it the top i was like hot guy at the bottom i was like nice tits
well i 'm not black but i 'm up for a go
if they wildly wave their phone even when you 're right next to them chances are they are drunk and obnoxious .
i think i missed an important message in world of light .
i 'm sure most all of us have just mashed a when obtaining spirits and rewards after beating a spirit in world of light .
one time a message quickly popped up and disappeared but i knew what this one was at the very beginning of new game it had to be about getting all skill spheres and no more would appear .
but more recently i got another message i had unfortunately spammed a past and do n't know what it was .
is there a limit of how many spirits you can own at once that i butted up against ?
i do n't look like i 'm maxed out on anything .
i worked in central wisconsin for several years these little towns that are one block long have a bar on each corner and one in the middle of the block next to the post office .
not to nitpick because i basically agree with you but i believe spain just discontinued government support for their coal industry removing distortions introduced by the government .
i 'm hoping better paying jobs open up in semiconductor and solar industries to replace those jobs as demand shifts .
but i do n't know much about the spanish job market .
i just was a bit weirded out because i 've never seen an albino with eyes that big but she looks absolutely gorgeous .
i 'm gon na fight the pilot with my army of crabs
the way i look at it is coachella has had months to put this together .
i think there were some really cool ways they could have done this .
every 15 minutes post a new artist on twitter from 10am pst to 7pm pst .
they could have released the lineup around 7pm pst or waited until tomorrow morning to drop it if they really wanted to give those lesser known people some attention .
this just feels like they lost kanye west and did n't have a back-up plan so they randomly sent out a few tweets of lesser known artists .
it does n't feel like it was well planned and i think people are noticing that .
they have a right to vent their frustrations to one of the largest music festivals in the world .
on a side note it just blows me away they did n't have a back-up plan to kanye west ... idk just feels like a mess .
i just see why people are and i understand that paying 450 dollars to hear about coleboyy is n't some people 's idea of fun suspense .
yeah you guys spent two decades trying to investigate clinton with dozens on investigations resulting in zero charges .
a single investigation into trump has already indicted dozens of people and had guilty pleas from many with high level campaign officials going to prison for decades .
i feel like someone should make magnus a i am viking t-shirt so he can just wear it around and not have to say it in every.fucking.scene .
i read your cross-post that had more detail about the conversations with your father in the aftermath of you going back to college .
you were valid for leaving no matter what your parents say .
when you go home next i would suggest you start recording your mother with a phone or voice recorder .
this will not be the last time you will be blamed for something you did n't do .
furthermore you need to understand that narcissism exists on a spectrum .
the statements your mom made indicates that she is on that spectrum more than the average human .
i am not sure where you are located but i advise you to consider seeking a therapist experienced with narcissism at your university if they have these services .
they will help understand your mother give your direct support in establishing boundaries and help you practice methods of communication .
this might seem little to you but your parents should not be calling or contacting you every day you wrote this in malicious compliance .
once you enter professional life this habit could hurt your career .
it might not even end with calling you it could escalate to calling your boss or even showing up to where you work unannounced .
you need to find a way to stop this habit because it is manipulative and controlling .
sorry to be so picky but he 's still got a touch too much light on the right side of his face and his hair could be a bit more red .
i think we 're 100 there if we can get that dialed in .
i mean she was n't exactly friends with the heroes i do n't think she ever voted with them .
the problem was russell did play with them and then betrayed that repeatedly .
rupert put that well at the end the problem for me in really appreciating sandras gaem though is i do n't think that was an intentional strategy she implemented it was more the role she fell into
it 's the worst my partner and i had bite marks all over our arms for a few weeks .
high-pitched when they do it too hard it teaches them bite inhibition and stop playing/petting for a second so they learn bites lead to no fun and if they are chewing stuff you do n't want them to get bitter apple spray .
it 'll end soon just be patient and consistent .
even when it feels like you are repeating things over and over .
i think my jaw got dislocated at that point .
though having that much firepower in any con should be illegal .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boneappletea if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly this is an attack on anyone that is n't republican .
it 's a horrendous negotiating tactic to give a mile right away when you should n't be offering inches when you 've just gained the majority of the house .
its good and no disrespect but you should replace your vocals with the acapella original and verb it correctly and stuff to see how it sounds
i know it 's too early but how do grind moon goddess event when you 're busy ?
they should have done it right the first time .
touch ups are one thing missing part of the piece is another .
which iphone do you have and what ios version are you on ?
on the garmin connect website you can add a widget to a dashboard to track goal progress you can also have monthly or weekly goals and track multiple widgets if you like .
if you want to track goals in a mobile app you can sync your garmin activities to strava .
i actually like the strava goal tracker a little better it will break your goal up into weekly targets automatically and on the website it tells you how far ahead or behind track you are based on evenly dividing your goal over the days of the year .
unfortunately the goal tracking is part of one of the paid strava summit packs .
this phone 's battery is at 2 and needs charging !
such a lie i 'm sure they 're working to fix it .
the community is very aware of many of the repeat offenders and they 're still there .
i mean maybe they 've banned one or two people .
but that 's hardly going to put fear into the rest of the abusers .
paladin garnet serving the great bowie god of stardust .
they are a lot more involved than you may think .
this is not just the top boss of the accounting division .
they often are key people behind strategic decisions as well .
we stuck with pagano and it did n't work out and moving on from him got us a much better coach .
plus the bengals stuck with marvin lewis way longer than they should have
any attention is good attention some say ... i would definitely never do it again same goes for your friends ' boyfriends all your other cousins ' boyfriends haha but people make mistakes and poor decisions under times of stress or when things heat up .
do n't be too hard on yourself about it .
i was hospitalized because i was so consumed by my ocd and depression and guess what they helped me start ?
i remember the day the fog '' lifted and it felt like a damn miracle ...
i do n't know why both my friend and i saw 5 guys dressed in black and white moving boxes in my basement in the middle of the night .
my parents said i was dreaming but we both remembered it .
the gyms may not be your house but its definitely someone elses .
he 's always saying something distasteful and most of it is off script .
you can tell when he is reading a script because he has trouble pronouncing all the different words .
if your mii-koto 's ahoge is n't fully grown yet just continue to water twice a day
hanks has type 2 diabetes that may have been caused by gaining and losing weight for various roles .
this article about his interview with letterman seems to indicate only poor choice of diet .
at least jar jar was meant to be a stupid character .
rose was meant to be a deep character and ended up being garbage .
that boys and girls is why you angle ... or pick another ship .
disagee with jackie 's excuse that it was ok since she never mentioned jennifer 's name in the article .
it was wrong of her to be a guest at someone 's house and then write about their family behind their back .
jackie likes to meddle in everyone 's business yet does n't even talk to her own sister .
why has n't there been a stage winner mtj shirt yet ?
my moral value comes from my judgment based on what 's the better good if that makes sense for the particular circumstance .
so then as far as you are concerned good or moral is whatever you say it is.
going by that logic everyone is good in their own eyes since whatever they seam to be moral is in fact moral and bad in everyone else 's eyes unless they happen you agree by coincidence .
by your definition god is simply not doing what you think he ought to do .
there could be an upcoming token based mechanic that requires a safety valve .
either that or it 's a probably misguided attempt at designing a pw for modern .
in his video he says that he uses clay and edits it out in photoshop .
yuri on ice is just a fantastic show in its own right and zhenya is 😍
it looks like the rex just gave someone a blow and now has cum dripping from the side of it 's mouth .
do n't tell me the answer i want to believe
i have found my mother dead on the 14th of november 2018. i still ca n't believe she 's gone .
i 'm new to reddit ... where does this post belong then ?
does n't matter either way as i have shot down 4 cargo bots in a roll and when i try and use the nuclear key cards they dropped they do n't work and the mission resets to shoot down a cargo bot to acquire a nuclear key card again .
i love this game but the glitches are astronomical and ridiculous which is misleading and counterproductive in my opinion .
i have no idea if they are dead but the company has been radio silent since a few weeks after it released .
i think the phantom menace was the best of the series so far do n't you ?
i 've been binging the good place this week and it 's been fun seeing some favorites on there .
d'arcy carden zouks andy daly marc evan jackson etc .
po tri ogre for a tet tap is just not efficient use of money .
most people who are pushing ogre rings are saving up until fine accessory box day and then fight a massive bid/po war over the 0 rings .
they all rage when someone pos too high because they are all trying to get lots of ogres .
new players always fall into this marketplace trap thinking that they 'll never get a shot at an item because it never shows up in the marketplace .
what they fail to realize is that the supply of yellow and even many blue accessories is almost entirely event driven and big events drive prices way wayy down .
some guy on youtube made a vid about how diamond companies scam people .
one of the largest diamond company immediately copyright striked the video and sued the hell out of him
eat as much as you want but just vegetables .
once your body gets used to the light feeling and steady energy level unhealthy food options will naturally fall off your radar .
... and you 're right about diet being 90 of weight loss .
no matter how much you work out you can easily eat more calories than you burned so being a healthy eater is much more important than being a good exerciser .
the new postmaster i got a few months ago went out of his way to make my life a living hell by attempting to discipline me for false accusations .
always keep your answers short with management deny and practice your weingarten rights of getting a union steward if a manager attempts to discipline you .
to op keep your cool man start making a paper trail and let your union steward do the dirty work of filing grievances .
but private property and property rights are the defining aspect of liberalism it is a universal aspect shared by all liberal ideolgues .
most socialists fucking hate liberals and if you call socialists liberals .
that message when logging reports has been around a while it is n't new .
chelsea have a policy of only offering one year extensions to players over 30 ... giroud 's contract is currently due to expire in the summer https www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/football/article-6553081/the-10-free-signings-summer-premier-league-sides.html .
to turn down crazy money because of your beliefs he deserves respect .
i 'm surrounded by people but yet feel so lonely the smile i wear on my face is just a shield to mask the emptiness inside .
when asked how i 'm feeling i lie because i do n't want to burden that person with listening to my problems it feels like when i do finally engage that the person i 'm talking too is just waiting to talk and not truly listening ... . its hard to explain to someone why you feel so low and empty when you do n't know the reason yourself .
i dunno but i would throw boards of canada into the ring i know more sampler not that much synth but still ...
i am queueing at 5.5k mmr in eu and it takes three hours to find a match as a mid during the day on a weekend .
i got dota only for that feature and now i 'm not using it because i get more often mid by pure chance in non-role games .
wait a minute you just jumped from using railroad ties and sticks to cremation .
did n't we already cover that ovens were not used ?
i ca n't believe they taser people there for suspicion of drinking at a party .
i want you to position the tip at my tight little anus and pull my down until you ca n't see yourself ...
2hrs less than it took me to get dark matter
although calamity baseline would be combined whether you want it or not with yet another nerf to her numbers which does n't seem like a good thing .
je viens de faire quelques recherches une 1080ti est presque aussi bien que une 2080 on va partir la dessus .
par contre il y a un net avantage d'une 2080 sur une 1080 ...
i 'll never forget when my heros 1990 's mariners in the kingdome smiled and waved at me .
first time i ever threw a guy out at home plate from deep center with a single throw no cutoff happened that year .
not too sure myself i own two but both very cheap .
there are a lot of really cheap nylons out there as they 're popular starter guitars .
there are less good ones as proper classical guitarists are more rare .
you 'll start to pay a lot more for anything a bit artisan anything that 's got a cutaway shape anything made of exotic woods ...
i 'd say stick with cheap and simple play a few in store to see what feels right .
look up how to play an e minor chord and try playing that and gently strumming the strings .
i imagine if given 2-3 options you 'll probably have a gut instinct for which one you want .
unless you 're made of money do n't bother spending loads on your first guitar .
it 's been two weeks since a blog post .
this is brilliant your setup sounds really similar to mine !
i use an external soundcard now with all my real synths running through a mixer into one channel .
i do rather want a neutron i must say .
i am but a simple man and i love the volca beats as it was a birthday gift from my girlfriend .
the kick is deep and smooth and the hats are superb ... but many reviews you 'll read are correct about one thing the snare is embarrassing .
so much like you i have to run the vb in with my other synths making delay and reverb kind of awkward because they have to apply to the drums too .
to get around this i 've started using the vb mainly for the hats and all of my other drums are done in ableton live on a separate channel using live 's drum sampler .
most of the time i use linndrum samples because i freaking love the linndrum but ca n't afford one come on behringer ... .
we have a weekly post about the 6 billion here i 'm so tired it .
like this sub ca n't go a week without mentioning it ?
it 's a 100 chance of drop from erchius though how have you never gotten it before ?
they still have a ways to go in rebuilding trust and proving that they 're actually committed to more sustainable practices but it 's a step in the right direction .
i do n't necessarily support danone but i think them pursuing this is so much better for the world than them not pursuing this .
in my opinion big companies trying to achieve b certification does n't devalue b certification process it adds to it .
because the more that big traditional companies pursue sustainable certifications the more likely the rest of that industry is to look them and think shit if those guys are doing it maybe we should too . ''
if that happens enough pretty soon you 've got a whole lot of businesses that have cut down on their environmental footprint adopted better hiring practices etc .
but if it keeps carbon out of the atmosphere and/or helps encourage a fair trade market then i personally do n't think it 's such a bad thing
but if goetia has succeed then his world of deathless wo n't getting erase by araya ?
because in his ideal world humanity can not be advance and that timeline will become a lostbelt ?
and bestbuy will honor the amazon price if you still have gc to receive an additional 20 off !
yes you should play either azur lane or girls frontline .
if you dont have lot of time i suggest girls frontline because there are some qol features that save time and less clicking like save/load team formation battle planning mode smart enhancement smart retiring auto repeat logistic/comissions .
i 'm surprised there are a lot of former sumo wrestlers in the nfl .
they seem like they could make great linemen with their combination of size footwork and strength
make her explain herself and the appalling decisions she made like taking money off the mafia death bed conversions to christianity and the massive lack of healing she done .
just need bluetooth to sync an awesome invention for those without data or wifi .
used to play those with my friends at the back of the lecture hall d
but range items will make the ice bullets and arctic wind have a longer range .
especially if they manipulate people pointlessly just for the feeling of control .
do n't spam judge that 's the most important tip i guess
i think most of the 'non-human ' races normally have battle facial expressions https i.imgur.com/cfss0ep.jpg https i.imgur.com/cfss0ep.jpg
then the humanoids always look like they 're taking a stroll through a mall .
but witch elves are some of the worst they 're constantly screaming like mad-women yet zoom in and they all have the same bored facial expression
reminder for all users contact information must be exchanged in pm 's and out of public view .
the reason why is explained here under item 2 https redd.it/4m8my9 .
since reddit mobile does not have an intuitive pm function r/roleplay recommends the following mobile apps .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/roleplay if you have any questions or concerns .
and i 'm confident enough to believe that by nope he also implies that there will not even be a dlc for her .
i might be wrong but do n't get your hopes up .
they are classified as a bully breed pit bulls are n't even actually a specific breed they are a collective group of different bullies that make them up .
oh ic asking cause i own one too btw i wan na do some body work but idk where can i get some stickers and stuff i saw some on amazon but too expensive
it looks better in the original more stylized version .
so windows is trying to keep space open so you do n't crash .
it 's sodium and do n't tell me i ca n't do something just because of my reddit account name
where do you get the information is there a website or something ?
i was so happy to see it back but i have to agree with you on this one the card is nuts .
making things unguessable is entirely irrelevant if they 're human/machine readable .
at that point there 's no relevance to security whether it 's guessable because you can just access it 10000x faster than guessing it anyway
a 4 digit pin on a door is guessable and 8008 might be extra guessable but if it 's written next to the keypad you are n't gon na start at 0000 and work your way up ...
do n't 'push ' it away with your pen .
the ruler is there as a guide not something you need to push against .
new atheist types and often religious fascists are strange bedfellows but bedfellows indeed .
hey in no particular order can you please list eleven herbs and spices along with their exact proportions ?
i do not find mari kondo to be a person i am inclined to like .
i also dislike her attitude of throwing away and not trying to reuse sell give away or gift away .
she is a liberal/feminsit leaning person and does not tell you to honor other peoples belongings especially not our husbands .
a disrespectful/non-vigilant woman might not see anything bad in pressuring her husband into sorting out his belongings or even do it herself !
just as bad is inviting something gets thrown out because you do not love it but your husband might deem it essential .
one needs to be pretty reflective and firm in the rpw before daring to move with this .
most of these decisions went 5-4 on party lines anyways
the ryzen barely matches it and often not even then when overclocked .
i watched dozens of benchmarks before buying an 8400 for this reason .
have they called an above waist high no ball at all this season ?
i assumed they did n't exist anymore as the umpires seem to think they do n't exist .
you are looking for a 900 1000 dollar streaming build and 9000 dollar dl build ?
why not use the dl as your all purpose machine then lol
well of course i believe someone who calls themselves a twat nozzle and screams fake news '' over the word of natca .
the backlash against patreon and all their censorship lately will be huge too .
it is n't literally imperial vs. metric but it is conceptually imperial vs. metric .
for a new user it kind of depends on what you want to do .
i went with moa because i fucking hate mrad .
for my brain and the distances that i shoot i can get away with 1-inch per 100 yards '' .
that is n't perfect but out to 600 yards shooting steel or 350 yards shooting a deer the difference between 6 '' and 6.28 '' is fuck it .
scopes are either 1/4moa or 1/2moa so the math of i need to go 3 inches up 3 times 4 is 12 clicks '' is super easy in my brain .
so 3 '' higher is 3 divided by .36 so ... 8.3 clicks .
and tbh i 'm not 100 sure that mil description is correct since when i try to think in mils my brain just goes to mush .
the short version is moa works with my brain better .
yeah man if op is n't interested or if we come to an agreement for sure !
he hasnt hit me back up yet so hit me up !
i got a 96 and im in the 11000s .
... .not make them live in a cage without parents ... ?
not many of those books look like they 're for people interested in rigorous/theoretical treatments .
personally i would not recommend for what you want .
for someone of your username you should at least take your own advice and read up on what the economic outcomes of monopolies are .
what an ignorant rant of a paragraph you 've written .
my boyfriend and i love to put the chicken in the oven for a quick dinner .
the dude asked if it was possible in story so i gave proof .
i 'm reading a really long but pretty good one
puzzles creative characters metaphysics and more literary references than is sane .
bruh this post is 25 days old how did u find it
i 'm a degenerate and i would n't even touch this in a million years .
not only is it gambling but it 's horribly bad odds gambling .
you have no credible proof that it is even random .
you have no credible proof that the prize pool is actually what they say it is .
if you want to gamble just play poker kids .
most of the few things of his i have seen try to promote a positive identity for men by diminishing the identity of woman .
then again i find the idea that there is a corollary between masculinity/femininity and personal identity to be bullshit anyway ... our culture is way to hard on men that do n't follow the typical social norms of what is considered masculine ... and the fault lays at the feet of those who bash people for not being an 'ideal version ' of a man ... .nothing from peterson i have seen suggests that to be the issue therefore i do n't take his thoughts very seriously on the matter .
an employer should never have never been able to discriminate on the basis of skin color .
all your pathetic posturing is n't disguising your racism .
this post has been identified as artist 'the four tops ' and track 'bernadette ' .
which is a playlist dedicated to the latest first 25 top weekly posts with title like 'artist track ' in r/60smusic https www.reddit.com/r/60smusic/search ? q=title restrict_sr=1 t=week sort=top .
for more playlists dedicated to subreddits and general feedback please visit r/listige https www.reddit.com/r/listige .
i used the search bar and did n't find anything useful thanks anyway .
imagine being proud of assaulting a young girl on a plane .
my order was shipped out 12/17 and i paid extra for xpresspost .
truth be told customs held onto the package for over 10 days so the shipping itself was actually pretty quick .
it got delivered just 2 days after it made it though customs .
since the holiday season is over shipping should n't be as busy .
he will be out in a years time anyways .
the temperature of the earth used to be much cooler .
the dinosaurs caused global warming and eventually had to leave for another planet .
of course it 's not bad to read them .
they 're also misogynistic glorify abuse and perpetuate inappropriate stereotypes about native americans .
so there are some very real uncomfortable criticisms about the books .
but look for the ways they show inappropriate treatment of women of relationships and of native americans and just be aware that what she 's showing is inappropriate not normal and most certainly not romantic and you 'll be fine .
prisoners were n't burned alive as far as i know .
he doens't provide as much early game control and tempo as he did before .
i have n't played him to the changes either but if you have n't played him in a while getting used to the void no longer mini stunning and daytime changes you will definitely feel that .
now he has a real ultimate and aoe silence which is different .
maybe worse maybe more situational maybe even better but different nonetheless .
he does n't win the lane but he is still a high armor stout shield hero .
you can not roam as hard once night time hits .
i think you have to choose between being useful during the first 5 minutes or the first night time .
if you just pull 4 times and get the maximum farm from the small camp that 's the best you can do in terms of levels .
but if you do that you can not pressure a dual lane trade hits with night stalker 's bad movespeed but high armor and hp .
when night stalker first started getting nerfed the build that created the most farm for me was a dominator build .
it gave you a creep and if you 're good with micro can amplify your support game a lot .
it can give you what the jungle wants to give you like ice armor creeps or alpha wolf for faster farming .
or it can just give you something your offlaner or safe laner should want in terms of tower pressure .
but even if you go urn into rushing '' and aghs just makes sure you know what you team needs .
small stuff like glimmer oov or even a blight stone can help the team a lot .
lastly do n't measure your impact in terms of kda the hero is about silences and vision not damage .
if you want damage in a 4 pick lina or a hero with high single target dps .
or pick a high damage aoe teamfight hero like titan .
thats honestly hilarious i watched this for the first time a couple hours ago because it was on my recommended .
how does it feel having ascended to a higher plane ?
then you have a fragile personality to take that idea so seriously .
could 've sworn this was the 4th great maintenance .
it sounds as if midge was gon na be paid well and taken care of financially by shy .
i think joel will open up a club with the check but i 'm sure he 'll at least offer it to midge first .
this post has been identified as artist 'numbernin6 ' and track 'volition ' .
which is a playlist dedicated to the latest first 25 top weekly posts with title like 'artist track ' in r/realdubstep https www.reddit.com/r/realdubstep/search ? q=title restrict_sr=1 t=week sort=top .
for more playlists dedicated to subreddits and general feedback please visit r/listige https www.reddit.com/r/listige .
would these specs be good enough to game on good frames ?
i was looking at this a few days ago and that 's what the price was
how are you gon na be here talking about an unreasonably high percentage of the hottest women '' being fake-ably hot demanding unnatural obsessed and having ridiculous and stupid standards and still act like your very attitude is n't more of a turn off for them than anything else .
i hope you realize that 99 of women even if they are not the hot instagram models or the naturally angelic girl next door types you pine for see type of dehumanisation and fake-woke tone as the reddest of red flags .
i am not trying to say you are an evil person or dangerous or whatever but from a girl 's point of view reading something like this is incredibly unpleasant .
if you are having trouble attracting the type of girl you are interested in i feel for you and i wish you luck but complaining on the internet will literally not change a thing .
go out and put the same effort in as those girls you talk about and then you can be picky too
i almost got tickets to the dome opener in 2006 and my stepdad almost broke the bank for us to go to miami in 2009
he 's all hopped up on advocare and scentsy .
well also cause she 's gone through a ton of shit .
i was pretty into it around the 25 mark after the slow start then gradually lost interest until giving it up .
i am sort of curious if there 's some profound ending that causes a positive lasting impression but i ca n't be bothered to get there .
not sure how i feel about such a pixel basic game .
my hair was really blonde when i was a kid like almost white now it 's dark brown .
my brother had light brown hair when he was a kid now it 's pitch black .
it was probably the cancer that made it that way but still .
also my nephew had pitch black hair when he was born but now it 's light brown .
you 're trying to get away from your own point because you know it 's obviously wrong .
if shorts ran this place or even had more than 50 influence then positive articles and comments about apha would not be consistently upvoted .
just look at the top articles and top comments of this sub .
if they were even 50 they 're not even close shorts are more like 5 at most in here then the apha positivity would be around 0 total upvote/downvote ratio .
bad eyesight can cause people to drop things trip over unseen obstacles etc .
but to evaluate a card we look at its merits and demerits and being a 3 mana pw is a big merit that is easy to miss .
or rather it eliminates some of the biggest demerits associated with being a pw .
but when they come down on turn 3 it is difficult to have a board to pressure them .
in control decks pws are sorcery speed spells that can be taken advantage of .
but when you can cast them on turn 5 and leave up two mana for removal or counter things are different .
ultimately being a 3 mana pw does n't define a card the way being a 3 mana 5/4 does but it is still an important part of what the card is .
so you 're comfortable taking even a .01 chance your kid might be molested your statistic ?
unless you lock your child in a cage and never let them out that risk will not ever be 0 .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
rule 4 » we do not allow memes or low-quality/low-effort posts .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/jailbreak subject=question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20submission 20by 20 2fu 2fixvxic message=i 20have 20a 20question 20regarding 20the 20removal 20of 20this 20 5bsubmission 5d https www.reddit.com/r/jailbreak/comments/ac07vn 20by 20 2fu 2fixvxic. .
i do n't dig on the guns do n't kill people people kill people '' buzz-line 'cause a firearm definitely makes it easier i will concede that underlying mental health issues are to blame and not guns though ... but you hit it
i 'm not going to strip the rights of the fifty because of the intentions of one
until our bill of rights is amended to remove that right citizens of the us are going to have it and there are millions of responsible gun owners out there .
ah my understanding of c-69 was that it was intended to unify and finalize the approvals process to prevent these sorts of problems going forwards .
hi whitescienceguy your post https www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/abxh5e breaks the rules https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules of r/funny and has been removed for the following reason s
if you feel this was done in error or if you would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffunny message=my 20post 20https www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/abxh5e .
i do n't know of any solution but i 've tried waiting and resending .
they re-cut it after 9/11 i have the vhs and it fucking does .
i found that the cost for level 13 exilir collector is wrong 502,000 in the sheet
i did n't think i 'd see yoruichi ever again man that feels like a way far back anime crush .
i just ca n't seem to get into android either .
privacy i can deal with the latest thread over on the android subreddit about dealing with crappy oem 's with their crappy power management is n't something i want to be dealing with at this stage in my life .
do you want them to remove guns from the game ?
it 's easily countered which ca n't be said for any flash bang in any other game i 've played .
my first birth experience was pretty bloody ordinary tbh dazed and confused from a scheduled c-section justnomum had arrived from her european holiday to tell me that she was too young to be a grandmother then cried partner hung over and giving zero fucks not a lot of support from nursing staff so it really was a learning opportunity for this time around .
fh upon hearing this instantly was on-board with the idea of a post c-section birth plan .
and has been very supportive and helpful when it came to telling family about it .
i 'm just stunned that a person who i had thought was an ally and a friend is turning into this justno .
and if she keeps on the way she 's going i will go nuclear on her justno arse !
is n't that site the one that routinely makes predictions of new ereader models that never materialise ?
i changed my whatsapp profile pic to my juicy ass once when i was scrolling pics .
nearly had a stroke trying to remove it in under 3 seconds .
yeah i get it 's out of frustration but there is a line where i 'm like do n't blame the players blame ubisoft
is n't she the only legal one out of the three though ?
i had thought they had come from the same realm as the other race x creatures from opposing force given how antlions and race x look similarly insect-like .
i have added albums via local files on my spotify such as tool and they scrobble just fine .
i have noticed that it does n't say scrobbling now when the song is playing but it should say scrobbled x minutes ago after the song has finished .
docile minds prone to superstition and whimsy are much easier to control .
hmm since all of them affect class abilities what about reduced cooldowns and faster cast time ?
barrier and rift often take a tad too long in crunch situations .
for hunters ... eehh ... faster animation or wider evasion range ... ?
i thought this was the room for macroeconomics 103 .
so your farmers working there the whole day get a decor boost .
especially when fertilizing plants they spend a lot of time in farms
i have n't checked but try the options menu .
if not you can always ask siri if you have an iphone .
the only thing i read is ngress con ngress '' just like how blacks shoot blacks ''
put it upside down to make lists as long or short as you need
my mom did actually catch me using my 3ds after bedtime once .
ouija board cups do move but powered only by the people around the table .
and spirits do exist but not in the form you are asking about https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/distilled_beverage seriously this is the only kind of spirits that actually exist .
however thank you because google searching that i managed to find an image of the actual game and do a reverse img search on it to find the name jet slalom
it looks like your post has been solved because your comment contains the phrase 'thank you ' .
if this is correct please mark it as solved http www.reddit.com/r/tipofmyjoystick/comments/1ubulw/meta_about_flairshow_to_mark_your_post_as_solved if you have n't already done so .
to mark your post with a comment you can write 'solved ' followed by the title of your game .
if this was posted by mistake you can report the comment and it will be removed .
see this thread http www.reddit.com/r/tipofmyjoystick/comments/23l24m/meta_automoderator_discussion for more information about automoderator 's rules on r/tipofmyjoystick .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tipofmyjoystick if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah to use it as a euphemism most of us are on the passionate '' spectrum .
thank you for this i 'm never going to come out as nb just binary ftm for fear of being called a trender or whatever but it 's nice to have support here
so you think that he went temporarily insane because ... of their bad finances and the state of their relationship and wanting to be with his mistress ?
there is no evidence to say she was on her phone after she arrived home .
maybe yours does too she checked on them and something was seriously wrong and cue the emotional conversation .
do we know for sure which room sw was murdered in ?
and they 're good and twisting things to shift blame .
obviously lack empathy and only care about themselves or their obsessions .
i have n't met cw but he seems to fit that build .
14-16 can sleep with everyone 14-21 16 can have intercourse with whomever they please 14 .
however if dude is 14 and girl is 20.5 and then turns 21 if the relationship was legal when it started they will be allowed to continue their lewd activities even tho it will be 15+22 possibly which would n't be lawful
fun fact some types of val will produce hormones that prevent duckweed from reproducing
they were one of the better ones but i think they have recently been bought by comcast so avoid them now if you can .
i get that and i agree with that and i like ann and haru but the just did n't get a chance to spread there wings like futaba and makoto .
own a auto repair/performance shop and would n't change a thing !
biggest mistake i see which i was almost definitely guilty of in the past is the planet of hats '' trope .
for example a space-voyaging party lands on a planet and literally everyone on this planet wears the same hat .
furthermore this hat is usually the only defining feature of this planet and/or its inhabitants or the place is just a clone of another one with nothing but a hat to set them apart .
planet of hats can be applied to a populace literally every single person in a civilization has the same morals and religion a setting the entire nation is exclusively desert with no breaks but for an oasis epsiode or even a smaller element of a world all dark magic is purple and there 's no non-evil purple magic .
planet of hats is n't necessarily a bad thing but it often makes for an uncompelling or overly predictable world .
i see a ton of fantasy maps where makers have kingdoms that are exclusively a grassland a forest a mountain an evil land '' etc .
a solution to this pitfall is to replace your exclusively '' with predominantly '' and entertain that there will almost always be opposing or contrasting elements in anything .
so you 're a loser who walked halfway across the us ?
free stuff from playing the game i was playing anyway and pretty generous rewards .
ignore people moaning about their dislike for the free stuff .
if you had to go out of the way to do this itd be disappointing as not sure many people want or need another tier 6 sherman but everyone will achieve this so youre essentially gifting it to us all which is better than not !
plus the road to the thunderbolt has tons of awesome rewards .
i do n't think we 're on the reich track .
and it 's even worse in the original on ps2 because you ca n't skip cutscenes and that damn fight that rewards you with cure is hard as hell ...
shutting the fuck up is a terrific course of action in nearly any situation .
... some loot is drop-specific from certain enemies while others are earned by completing certain questlines .
it 's worth noting that loot is instanced and therefore ... ''
i wonder where this information even comes from and why no devs have mentioned this at all in the december streams but rather stating the opposite .
unless of course this is regarding lower-tier loot during the crit path/levelling process and dev statements in streams are only related to end game gear .
they also got the loot rarity order wrong so i reserve the right to dismiss the article as a whole .
... there will be rare weapons or equipment that will drop from specific encounters ... ''
so when you have not only myself but higher regarded magazines saying the same stuff ... . when does one stop saying the blue pen is red ?
i do n't know you so your word is worth as much to me as any other random person on the internet .
i prefer to only blindly trust information that 's directly quotable from an actual developer .
and even they can get things wrong sometimes so to a degree it 's all speculation until we 're actually playing the final release next month .
because of the vents it 's similar temps to a open bench system .
fish left bad regs left good regs do n't want to play each other .
good stuff overall thanks for putting in the time for it c
fred needs to go stand in the corner instead of making kawhi stand in the corner .
ok what the fuck zain_sugieres_osu harassing women on osu !
if any women want to feel good just hit me up and i will make you happy fuck these kind of man i hate them ! ! ! !
thank you for reading and please direct message me if any osu !
people who add milk first and those that add cereal first .
i go to planet fatness since it 's cheap so that 's probably another reason why it 's super packed atm .
was für eine skurrile wahl der fettschrift an manschen stellen .
i think it 's just a weirdly drawn hachuling .
but even if it 's not it 's also certainly not asensio .
thankfully we never saw him anymore and did n't try anything that day .
ospreay murdered a guy for only the never title .
alright sounds good thank you again for the information !
it 's seems to be a very american idea this idea that you have to tell everyone what you 're thinking all the time or you 're not being ‘honest ' .
i mean i see a pretty girl and i think i 'd like to get to know her but then maybe she 'll turn out to be mean spirited or obsessive or troubled .
i do n't want to announce my intentions early on because because i want an easy escape route and not to be overly harsh if she 's not for me .
maybe it turns out she 'd make a good friend in the end rather than a partner .
they ca n't just get some chilis waiters for the night ?
i know teenagers with more waiting experience than these people
i mean nintendo in general has been all about lan .
the switch was basically designed with it in mind .
it 's the same but skip the section on setting up wireless with the wpa\_supplicant file .
no jokes but i watched barberella the other day it was pretty trippy
hope they get into gear in a hurry or this 'll be a blowout by halftime .
unrelated thought i 'm fucking pumped for season 2 of future man .
honestly i cap sometimes but most of the time i parachute with rice paper .
my doses are usually 3-4g twice a day once in the morning and then again 6-7 hours later right before i have to leave for work .
shit is gross though and i def prefer caps but sometimes i 'm just too lazy to cap my doses lmfao 😂🤦🏻‍♂️
when i first tried kratom i did n't like it although i did n't use it when i was withdrawing i used it shortly after doing some oxy thinking it would make it stronger not to mention it was some rip off 10x tincture from a head shop so i was n't impressed .
i did n't try it again until i had been a year clean from dope and this time around i ordered from one of the top vendors from back when r/kratom still allowed vendor discussion .
tbh these days 9/10 times is choose my normal dose of kratom over 30mg of oxy or a bag of dope .
i love green strains because they give me the stimulation i loved from oxy but without the crazy mood swings and brevity of oxy/dope highs .
i 've come to the conclusion that i 'll always need some form of mat .
drug and i 'd much rather take kratom than be hooked on suboxone again .
i 'm also one of the people who only get very mild wd 's from kratom though i know some people get wd 's just as bad as dope/oxy sub withdrawal from it but the most i get is a runny nose and maybe some light rls for a couple days 🤷🏻‍♂️
i 've been on a green hulu white hulu combo binge the past couple weeks !
maybe so but would n't it be such an amazing story ...
plenty of strongmen find a way to do it !
if i ca n't cheer for the raps how do i cheer for my team
there is already 10 billion dollars surrounding my head .
i lost one a while ago before i started to do all this questioning and i think they would say the exact same thing .
wtf is feels like we 're letting them play how they want .
so you think scholars dont know about these verses and are completely ignoring them for no reason instead of them not really being related to the premise youre trying to prove ?
having a square jaw does n't make you masculine .
if so a heck of a lot of women are in trouble .
it sounds like you and most others that say her jaw is masculine have n't interacted with women in real life .
do not delete this submission or any submission past or present for any reason or any of your comments .
any deletions will result in a ban from r/borrow .
if your request is fulfilled or you no longer need the money please do one or a combination of 1 edit your post to reflect the change 2 flair your post as 'complete ' the flair button is under the body text of the post and/or 3 make a comment that it 's no longer needed .
you are free to accept loans from users ineligible to use r/borrow though you do so at your own risk .
users are ineligible either because of not meeting account requirements or from being banned .
if you are uncomfortable accepting loans from ineligible users it is suggested that you make sure they 're eligible by having them comment on your request post before accepting a loan from them .
more information on why we suggest this can be found at this link https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/comments/9l01ji/meta_borrowers_a_reminder_that_we_suggest_only ? .
loans made with ineligible/banned users will not be tracked by loansbot and you will not get credit or support for loans fulfilled by ineligible lenders so proceed at your own risk .
check to see if kaori314 has a post deletion history https www.reddit.com/r/borrowdeletes/search ? q=kaori314 restrict_sr=on
check kaori314 's spam history https www.reddit.com/r/thesefuckingaccounts/search ? q=kaori314 sort=new restrict_sr=on snoopsnoo profile https snoopsnoo.com/u/kaori314 and atomiks analyzer profile https atomiks.github.io/reddit-user-analyser kaori314 !
do not respond to anyone via pm who requests your social security number or your country 's version of an identification number .
i am currently short on rent and my client is away from their office so they ca n't send me a payment that i 'm due for .
i can send you the verifications plus proof that i will get paid by monday chatlog .
lenders upon conclusion of this loan you can follow these links for prefilled posts regarding this loan paid https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/submit ? selftext=true title 5bpaid 5d 20 28/u/kaori314 29 20 20 28amount 29 20 28early/on 20time/late 29 message paid 20/u/kaori314 late https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/submit ? selftext=true title 5blate 5d 20 28/u/kaori314 29 20 20 28amount 29 20 28days 20late 29 unpaid https www.reddit.com/r/borrow/submit ? selftext=true title 5bunpaid 5d 20 28/u/kaori314 29 20 28 23city 20state 20country 20of 20borrower 29 20 20 28 amount 29 20 28days 20late 29 message paid 20/u/kaori314
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/borrow if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not like he 's standing on the edge of the water pouncing on fish .
not that would fit with your graveyard synergy idea .
here 's one idea that sticks with your mono black zombie theme .
people keep talking about the eye test yet every defensive rating has russ up high .
idk how much i trust people 's eye test .
i would n't go as far as saying russ is the best defensive guard around but it 's also not silly to see how a defensive college guard can be playing good defense in the nba
it also looks very bad if you have another accident and need to use the insurance and can potentially void your policy if you have n't told them about this incident .
while you may loose the no claims it 's certainly a safer bet going via insurance .
his head is about to be sucked into a portal to another world !
with this champ i can roll around in rammus q with singed 's poison trail find enemies and taunt them with shen 's e better than rammyus taunt cuz u get more and ult out/in with sivirs ult .
or i can sivir ult in a teamfight q with poison trail on and find an opportunity to taunt as many as i can .
wukong 's passive allows me to be tanky in team fights .
also my first purchase would be rylai 's to slow them with poison .
just q into battle and ult those fkers like bowling pins .
i ca n't blrr understand blrr you 're blrr accent blrr
farrah is so controlling i 'm sick of her .
« stop eating « people do n't have to listen to you newsflash .
she may be a mom but she 's not a mom of everyone .
she needs to leave that shit on her little show .
he was n't even man enough to say anything .
just seems weird i know 2 people that have won more than 1 million playing the lottery but have never heard of a 50 50 winner until now .
i 'm going to assume you 're in high school so i 'll leave you be .
if not take a long hard look in the mirror take a couple deep breath 's and get your shit together
i requested this inactive subreddit through the standard protocol .
questions related to that should be directed to r/redditrequest .
pulling an arrow resulting in broken carbon to the hand ... or the ol ' taking a knock to the thigh/abs .
fyi some games that are in alpha/beta will not want to live on hdds .
devs are starting to optimize for having ssds underneath them
do you mean my idea or the current retri ?
i 'll add you and just hmu anytime you wan na play
yeah i 'll end up just waiting for 1,000-2,000 mile point as well .
i 'll probably wait a little longer before i fully rev it out like you did but i 'll throw the exhaust on after i get my 1,000 break in service done .
you would n't happen to have any painted octopus would ya ?
confession sadboi hours start for me when i see y'alls sadboi posts
pcpartpicker part list https pcpartpicker.com/list/cvh6v6 price breakdown by merchant https pcpartpicker.com/list/cvh6v6/by_merchant
once you pick out all the gunk by hand try using a thin oil to keep it lubricated so you do n't have to clean it as much .
asking what she 's eating what she likes has she eaten yet commenting on what she s eating etc .
anything involving food really unless she brings it up in my experience is a no go
tried to get them to replace it but they ignored several emails completely .
the rules to become a registered voter are set by the state legislature
after a stressful day of work i love the game as it 's difficult enough to keep me paying attention but not too difficult to be a big problem to solve .
however they are still technically supposed to turn it in to the store fund that they will use for cookouts and stuff .
this is a fair middle ground in my opinion .
not the same as a store but the idea is that it would be unfair for the door man and the concierge desk to get all the tips while the people hauling trash and keeping the hvac system working to get nothing .
money goes into a fund and that is distributed .
now that i think about it casinos definitely operate this way and so do some restaurants in a way .
lol you ca n't see the irony in painting an entire field of people as discriminatory and evil and at the same time think you 're progressive .
btw my ex was muslim and worked in the oil patch until getting pregnant .
never had a problem with anyone there and said all the guys were helpful .
they 'll have the machines to properly engrave it .
from your comments you want him to bow down before her like you 've always done from the sound of it .
all you are doing is defending her over and over here .
not once have i seen any care given to the guy you say is here to stay .
you are about to start a family and you ca n't even back up your partner .
i 'm not saying you have to skip the wedding but for your partner 's sake stop putting your sister before him at every chance .
you think people should care about your opinion on a kid dancing in a video ?
we should make someone in this sub the new leader until someone else does some weird shit with cats
what do you do between grabbing the toilet paper off the roll and flushing it ?
any suggestions you can give to show that he 's appreciated because apparently he trying my best to spend time talking to him despite us having 11 hours difference was n't enough for him
not an expert but my guess would be to somehow filter out the carbon from the smoke and not release the hot air outside as it would probably steam in the cold air and make a noticable mist .
maybe channel the smoke through a vat full of water so the carbon dissolves/goes in the water ?
however that would result in a toxic acid water that you would need to replace it after a while making sure to obviously neutralize with a base like baking soda before desposing it .
a better aproach would be to prepare before hand and get a specialized smokeless furnace/burner .
i 've heard propane and propane accessories emit less carbon than coal .
looks like you 're trying to submit a direct link-type post you ca n't do that here so this submission has been removed .
and pasting the links to your pictures in the text box .
the reason why we did n't block link submissions outright is because mobile clients do n't respect this they show the post a link '' interface regardless of subreddit settings and so if we block them we get tons of modmails from people asking why their blocked link post did n't go through .
this way people redditing from a phone at least get a warning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amiugly if you have any questions or concerns .
siege experts to get gary out of the house . ''
i have commitment issues so we broke up because of my commitment issues .
the moment we broke up i know i had made a mistake wanted her back but it was too late .
i went into a deep depression relapsed hard with anorexia ended up in a psych hospital for a few days then residential treatment for 3 months .
yeah and not having to pay peoples salary that are n't employed by me use to be a thing too .
so you 're wanting to rip two clubs out of their heartland ?
probabely fire/boomerang that really sick fire sword or spikes/rock the drill .
imagine a church with 30,000 members attending weekly and a total membership base of 100,000 that 's the scale of some of these churches .
the logistics of that style of operation is that of a large enterprise you 'll have layers of managements human resources accounting payroll etc .
then you add in a school sunday school day care food services custodial music/worship etc and it just turns into a huge business '' .
it 's a bit eclectic but i think it flows together well enough .
this is the first part of my second album perspective .
i want to release music more often than it takes to make a full album but i also want to make cohesive full-length concept albums so to compromise i 'm going to release perspective in four 10-minute parts and then re-release the whole thing as one album when the last part is done .
if you 're jackalling for the ball a ruck has n't formed yet .
where did you get such a cute plush ? !
yeah having my kicks caught is currently a pain this could be super useful cheers !
you actually got relevant information from a query which was half junk .
i like giga but i will be switching in the future as they are crazy expensive compared to others .
i will say that my speeds on giga are faster than anyone else i have tried including ninja .
i 'm not sure taking a bite out of a deadly weapon is a wise idea though .
it was probably needed to divide the cost/responsibility of the baltic pipe .
fishing rights are afaik determined in other ways in the eu .
it always made me lol when cobra did n't realize that the dough just needs to be rolled out and not finessed like he thinks he should be doing 😂
edit a jeszcze jest wymagany napęd na cztery koła to jaguar i rolls odpadają .
i paid 134¥ for my pair and it was on sale 50 !
as a longtime harden hater if he can keep up even 75 percent of what he 's doing now he will definitely go back to back .
that 's good news i thought we would have to wait til after the superbowl .
i very exited i hope i 'm not let down .
as long as it 's not hue or vance i 'm happy
my girlfriend just got hers in one day by going to the dmv .
you can be an architect and do interiors with an march but you ca n't with an interiors degree .
you can work for an interiors firm and learn exactly what you need to learn with an march .
you also will make more money and have more career opportunities with an march .
i have plenty of friends from architecture school who went on to work in interiors .
i 'm in the same camp as you so i got a copper iud !
i tried out a skyla iud before which is the lowest dosage of hormones you can get for bc and the side effects made me scared of messing with my hormones honestly .
i did n't feel like myself at all and even had to shift my work hours significantly to get around the brain fog and insane fatigue .
i 'm super glad i got it removed even though my doctor did n't believe that it was skyla that caused my symptoms .
i have a paragard now for over a year and it 's caused heavier periods .
i had a lot of cramps and fatigue for the first six months while my body adjusted to it .
periods are still heavy but i 'm gladly taking this over messing with my mental health .
if i need to get it removed prematurely i 'd just go back to condoms .
this post states op waited 48 hrs which is at the end of uber tos and as far as i understand the driver is witholding property .
op can try and ring uber a 2nd time for the drivers details phone but can proceed to involve police non emergency line if the driver refuses to return their property .
tfw someone slips and falls from leaky slut juice .
haha why u have to mention that resto san ka ba banda ?
so in short calculus is how to derive a function '' and analysis is what is a derivative ?
unless you believe there was an intentional leak in a move that would only serve to hurt them politically .
even the emperor ca n't defy the basic rules of biology .
to create the primarchs even if they were clones you need an egg .
plus all the other genetic material you would need to make the primarchs anything but exact clones of the emperor .
but knowing the emperor with his shape shifting powers he might choose to just find an alternate source of eggs if you get my drift .
swim qual taught me that it 's nowhere near as easy as it looks in the movies especially after doing 4,3,2 then trying to do 1 in the same day .
i think i tried 3 times that day and never passed i was decently tired tho .
i only buy part worn and they last long enough for me iv not bought a tyre in well over a year .
i see you have friends at only the best firearms !
oh yeah not too much to worry about them still bad ethic from the club .
sadly for me i 'm missing out on a jersey from the club of my choice
cibo is a good italian that 's just off deansgate .
has a full traditional menu a vegan menu and gluten free options .
was it not a mutual decision to reject the bid between liverpool and suarez ?
point taken i do n't really see anything going on right now locally do you ?
i kinda assume using any of these platforms to solicit ransom payments for stolen data probably is a violation of their rules regardless of contents .
the stagnation part is one of the factors behind italy 's populist-nationalism of late .
but i do n't like the tendency of some to see everything in economic terms .
some of these ee countries barely had a country for the last 200 years .
it is n't surprising to be nationalist then regardless of income level .
wait i 've been told repeatedly that both sides are the same and nancy pelosi is a do-nothing centrist ?
to me the only advantage of buying used is the financial one .
they are overwhelming for people who never bought used in their entire life .
not all used car markets are as well regulated as the one in us either .
do enough research on the potential problems the cars you want to buy .
at this point you need to provide your parents with the peace of mind that a new car usually does with its warranty .
they come with a steel barrel nut not sure on what size diameter but a crows foot is cheap on amazon
i 'd pay off my student loans buy a nice house and save the rest .
because i ca n't have all my juggling friends stealing all the ladies .
this would be the first season in a long time that on paper they were better than their record .
plus there is n't a generational player or a pure top 5 draft blue prospect draft class to chase .
colby vs rda should be pressure vs pressure but then rda once again got out pace
not everyone tho i go to church cause my parents wants me too
they will eliminate the opt out eventually then who knows ... maybe they start taking your organs while you 're alive to save important '' people who need organs of rare blood types to survive
that seems pretty normal at least by my standards .
my group built a floating arm trebuchet for a group project back in like 7th grade
it 's a pretty average age to get hired in .
everyone is hiring and no one wants to do the job anymore .
every department is different for advancement options as well .
i 'll have to show her yours she 's peruvian as well .
the elderscrolls 3 you can do so many things in this game you just ca n't do in skyrim
one of the first places i stopped to eat after moving here last year .
best of luck to him and his family on their latest venture ! !
who can stop harden ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
uh if you like the keyboard and 50 is not a lot then yeah you 'll probably like it
ai n't no way he just decided to turn crooked in 2017 .
he 's been doing it a long time and he just got caught now .
props to the old man for pulling off his scams for decades before getting pinched on a single count .
i 'd love to see it become a house of cards leading to tons of other counts other crooked officials getting taken down too .
it sucks that you have to dig so deep to find journalistic integrity .
i re-watched the show murphy brown recently and it was kind of a bummer pretty much every dramatic episode where murphy had to make a tough decision to take the high road has no relevance to today 's standards of journalism .
have one last delicious swan for my last meal .
what about the brazen shields the last defenders or adamantine halberds ?
you need something that sounds heavy and immovable staunch defenders that sally out and crush their enemies after they beat there skulls in against your walls .
that guy is not the same for me any more he is not being that beast for me because he has that extra front man card he always rushes front which spoils my defense..
so u play him at lb in roman and cb in cudoreni..
i am trying maldini hummels boateng but boateng ai n't working hummels seems the best cb to me .
slayer gems also do n't count as a gem for the gem bag
they dont know u could work to be the most powerful and scariest just to get hit with the burner too lol
damn sexy ... i think it would look even better on my floor p
could be an issue with dsfix try starting from a fresh ds install reinstalling dsfix and then udsfm then check if it 's all right before you install doa .
its none of your business person who has been using my netflix account but here is my life story ! ''
from what i 've been told it 's better being a dude and watching dicks than being a female for sure .
always heard about the nasty shit going on with women and their squatting .
and as a dude it 's easy to say hey man neither of is want to be here . ''
i 'll have to give it attention in the morning to finish while i 'm at work .
i get that alot but do n't give a shit .
closest thing to this that i 've heard of was when some doctors would lose their watches or forget tools in their patients .
and this was from a local sitcom show airing in the 90s
my trader uncle said the game is not hard to learn but you need patience and money .
save up at least 25k imo and this is bare minimum .
get extra jobs learn how to get a better job .
sell shit online do what you got ta do to get that money .
it teaches you patience and really lets you appreciate how hard money can be to come by .
in trading you can in ways throw money around and loose large amounts or make large amounts quickly .
you need to understand and grasp the function of money and create a respectful indifference to it .
i work in adoption and i have n't met anyone that romanticized fostering and adoption .
it 's hard work and most people i know that go into it know it .
yeah i thought the only way i get to know something is talking to the girl his friends .
i 've mean they 've known him for ages they have to know something .
he ca n't be that closed up and keep the shield around him forever never opening up to anyone or doing anything that would make them think about it .
i get scared when i think about him being that good at faking and having a mask on ...
the party system has never made much sense to me .
how can you group all your opinions into one large group and label them as one side or another ?
that entire way of thinking is what is best for the people ?
voting should be about the opinions that person has aligns with your own the most and has nothing to do with what side '' they are on .
they should be on the peoples side no matter what .
nope they just make taking apart your sks a bit more of a pain in the ass .
their 's a few other options that are a bit cheaper but ts-200 sites are the way to go with the sks zero'ed out to 200m they are accurate as hell .
scopes and rails just do n't work great on the sks .
it blows my mind that it widely accepted that one can spend 4 weeks and by the end of it learn everything they need to to teach someone to fly a freaking airplane any everything associated with it ... .
eh most of the points he 's trying to make do n't seem to be researched enough or explained well .
on his lacking originality point he 's mostly just talking about how aaa fps titles are riding the battle royale wave .
this was always par for the course and not surprising at all .
as you just pointed out being risk adverse is a main issue .
developers with annualized releases are typically the most risk adverse .
adhering to a strict time table to get a cod out every year even from three different developers does n't leave a lot of wiggle room for experimentation and innovation .
but it completely ignores the impressive leaps many single player story oriented games aaa games have made in the last few years of this generation .
his point on shareholders influence is a good one but this is kind of what i was referring to when i said it does n't seem well researched .
there is n't much info available on the influence shareholders have for each specific company .
yes we can see ea often bends to the will of their shareholders and ultimately the almighty dollar but this is also rather a easy shot to take .
maybe activision and ubisoft as well but even with whatever shareholder influence is held in those companies ubisoft has still managed to pump out some pretty good games along with finally giving the ac series a much needed overhaul .
finally the whole marketing thing another point that seems more anecdotal than researched .
most of these companies have a whole team of university graduates with advanced degrees is marketing .
if take-two is spending the money for a tv advert or radio commercial you can believe it was well thought out and not some snap decision .
as far as red dead 2 was concerned rockstar games typically break the boundary between hardcore and casual gamers .
the type of people who maybe only play one game a year or only buy the new madden and do n't bother keeping up with game news are the type of people who will break that pattern to buy the newest gta or red dead game .
so advertising on radio tv billboards ny subway stations etc is a great way to reach the people who are not hardcore about following game announcements or reading gaming news .
i do agree with some points of the article but they just do n't seem well thought out or researched .
more like personal anecdotal experiences rather than an unbiased critique of the game industry at large .
seems like it is an instant bend with vibrato in game .
i still do not have any clue how to read the bends real time .
if i want to get 100 i have to go look at the extracted tab .
not only did she admit to making it up the first time with foster she also has this .
but now she 's claiming she lied about making it up so ... ¯ ツ ¯
your first sentence is a simple future sentence predicting that something will or will not happen .
your second sentence is about a possible but so far unreal present or future .
it 's possible to use 'would ' to talk about past habits too but it seems unlikely in your sentence .
my grandfather would take us to the sweet shop every saturday morning '' for example .
your example sentence is saying what would happen if you were in that situation and at the moment you are n't in that situation .
your third sentence uses 'would have ' which talks about an unreal past .
i would never have said that '' is saying not only that i did n't say it but also with the extra justification that it 's not my style anyway .
i was more nervous for this than my fire exam .
but i am so happy to finally be able to start my career !
i very much root for the underdog in most situations so that is kinda where i gravitate .
i got really sucked into nba land since the finals of last year and have consumed so much media that i cant help but hope the kings keep this upward trend .
the anger bottled up '' idea is actually just a pop sci myth nothing scientific backs this up every bit of research i 've seen actually refutes it .
wailing on something when you 're angry just makes you ... more angry .
reason through the situation thinking through the humanity of those who caused you to be angry
try to address the root cause of a problem .
eg dont like how your school board prioritizes their funds ?
lobby with the pta or other communoty orgs pressure the elected representatives .
alright everybody no one buy a new phone for 6 months and i think we can bring them down to 700 for new iphones but everybody has to work together !
buy the ebook and the access code package from voertmans .
the class is really easy if you do the study plan and do the examples in textbook as well .
mostly darkroom prints https imgur.com/a/6infden from college about 5yrs ago .
i need to update it and frame some of my favorites .
work together and make the world better as one .
jesus it 's a robotic spy cat watch your back sleep with 1 eye open haha
are you sure they 're not the observers from fringe watching the world 's greatest democracy crumble ?
i 'm saying it that 's the worst missed call i have ever seen .
his entire body other than his hand was out of bounds
who knows with juuzou he 's all kinds of crazy lol .
3 in stores but have been very pleased with it .
he 's been playing this game since beta and is max level 60 but still only in platinum
pieces of a man by mick jenkins personal favorite is reginald
it 's most likely 10gb internally but municipal fiber is showing up in droves nowadays it wo n't be long before many more than just a few will have access to 2gb 5gb and 10gb internet at which point you 'd need to get something faster than a gig nic and the most affordable/accessible nics faster than a gigabit are 10gb nics .
that 's on the list of things to be added .
tba is open-source and is entirely developed by volunteers .
for ios specifically you can find us at https github.com/the-blue-alliance/the-blue-alliance-ios https github.com/the-blue-alliance/the-blue-alliance-ios
we need to put some skill points into our ft shooting when we level up next .
i really depends what you are looking for and how much you want to spend ... .
plan to spend at least 2000 3,000 for the least amount of features .
buildertrend pretty good for home builders and very small gc 's interior fit out .
bidding.construction http bidding.construction easy to use free and great for bidding and organizing work before construction starts .
this nice italian family next campsite invites me to have dinner with them .
we have a hard time understanding each other because i do n't speak italian though some words in italian is similar to spanish they do n't speak english .
the father says sorry no me no english only italian and español .
i ended up speaking spanish with him the whole time lol .
he explained he used to have a business in spain so he spoke a bit of spanish though not great .
i told him my school gave me 2 foreign languages to study spanish or french .
he said good thing you did n't choose french !
over all i think all these spin off publishing names is gon na be bad it 's really gon na fuck with continuity in the future .
rebirth should have been the main focus instead of all those terrible marvel rip offs .
if you look at the price of sharpies it could be a good thing .
and who do you think coached luke and cam into greatness in 2015 ?
that guy who got his dono skipped probably swan dived head first straight into a blender right after that shit
i ca n't speak for other people of course but i use mine legitimately maybe 4-5 times per year .
just for food that has n't been scraped after a get together or maybe there was something stuck on a pan that sort of thing .
but i 'd put eggshells in there i just do n't bother .
i also run it sometimes for fun when draining the sink .
i do n't know why i 've just done that since i was a kid .
recycling programs vary a ton between different locations within the states .
many places have no such thing i do n't .
i just have single stream bins for all cardboard/plastic/glass/metal .
i 'd happily compost but that 's not really doable in my apartment !
yeah same with captain i could n't get him much past level 30 because the leveling was so slow .
it 's the most neutral term we have for police sentencing a suspect to die without a trial and executing that sentence themselves .
it 's a loaded phrase and you know that .
you say it as if the officer took time to deliberate the facts reaching a conclusion of guilt determining the death penalty is appropriate and calmly killing the person .
you know damn well that 's not how it happens .
first that it happens in a split second and that it 's not an execution where there is no threat the the executioner but self-defense .
clearly you 're uneducated on the topic of which you are commenting .
the wa state blfa which spd uses has long included both crisis intervention training and de-escalation training .
so that when a guy has a knife it 's not necessarily a situation where the only possible response is shooting him ...
that 's not the situation now has not been the situation before and wo n't change with the new training .
you say it as if previously the only and necessarily outcome has been shooting the suspect .
if that was the case there 'd be a lot more dead people .
and they way you type out the shoot shoot again you are trying to make it seem like each shot was drawn out .
when in fact all the shots happened in less than two seconds after the officer told him to drop the knife three times .
tommy le was shot twice in the back in burien in 2017 .
first you stated cops killed a kid with a pen .
second you say he was shot twice in the back but leave out that he was shot a total of three times .
it is not surprising that he once shot would turn and subsequent shots would hit him in the back .
as it is likely that all the shots were fired in rapid succession the fact that two hit him in the back is immaterial .
police officers claimed he was approaching them with a knife which was in fact an ink pen .
police were responding to several 911 calls that a man with a knife had attacked someone with a knife .
the arrive on scene and tommy le is the accused and is holding something in his hand .
should they assume it is not the deadly weapon they 've been told he has or should they assume he might be a lethal threat ?
one homeowner even fired a round into the ground an inappropriate use of force to scare the man away but it did n't work .
and then he ignores officer instructions to drop the knife .
the officers attempted to use tasers but were unsuccessful and then a man reportedly with a knife continues to approach and they use lethal force .
you 'll have to find a different case if you want to argue that police will indiscriminately kill kids holding pens .
the question was n't why does every suspect the police encounter have to die it 's why does every altercation have to end in the death of the suspect .
there is n't a breakdown of the 11m arrests that involve an altercation but i think even you can realize that it 's far more than 987 .
so it is far from he case that every alteration ends in death .
when the police issue you a lawful command you must submit .
if you do n't they will proceed along the continuum of force and that may rise to a lethal force level and if lethal force is deployed you may die .
the other alternative is to stop enforcing the laws .
or only enforce them against those that agree to have it enforced against them .
and be sure to look up the continuum of force before replying .
because a cop can only be injured or killed if the suspect has a weapon ?
you should be aware that more people are killed each year with hands and fists than with guns .
and what about those times where the suspect takes actions to make the officer believe that they are armed ?
or the weapon they had turned out to be something else .
and more why do you have a problem with expecting suspects to respect the officer and comply with lawful orders ?
deven guilford flashed his brights two ... he failed to fully submit continuously asking the cop to justify ...
he refused to provide license registration proof of insurance as required by law .
you do n't get to argue with a cop on the side of the road .
if you feel the cop is out of line you take it to court and/or file a complaint with the department .
when the suspect refused to obey lawful orders the officer is charged with enforcing the law .
or are you again proposing the officer say you do n't want to comply ?
so sorry for inconveniencing you ignore the law go about your business.
refuse to provide docs they 're going to take you out of the car .
resist arrest you 're going to be tased or other force will be used .
the video shows him resisting arrest being tased getting up after being tased .
the article goes on to say the suspect pinned the officer to the ground and punched him 10 times .
the officer felt he was loosing consciousness which would have given the suspect access to his gun etc and fired to defend his life .
and again typing out shot him several times might make you think that each was a slow deliberate shot uncaring of the results .
but the rest of us know that in reality the officer was in fear of his life and fired until he felt the threat was over and they were rapid shots .
like the first five bullets did n't put the sassy seventeen year old down well enough ?
you describe a non-compliant male who is able to get up after being tased and pins an officer to the ground punching him 10 times as sassy ?
and again the officer fired until the threat was removed .
it said seven shots it did n't say anything about shot placement .
you 're on a rural route in the middle of the state in the snow .
two you do n't know if it is his car or not so you ca n't be sure that you 'll be able to track him down by the registration .
given the resisting arrest you do n't known since he was n't cuffed and likely was n't searched yet if he has a gun and will find a hiding place and start shooting .
all of this and the death could have been avoided if the suspect had provided his documents and complied with lawful orders .
the officer later claimed he thought the child might be a member of an anti-government terrorist group .
well that was n't in the article at all .
if you 're pulled over by the cops and they ask for license registration and insurance you give it to them .
it 's just so hard to read that as anything but a bully deciding to kill someone who disrespects them and then outright killing them .
that 's because a you do n't know what you 're talking about and b that 's how you want to read it .
hell i 'd like to give police the benefit of the doubt but then we find out police have carried around toy guns to plant on unarmed victims to justify them murdering them .
but even if we take it on face value it has multiple allegations .
someone who was already convicted made allegations that someone else said to do something but ca n't say if anyone ever did it .
though ward did n't say whether or not the tactic was ever used
a few bad cops in baltimore does n't mean that an officer in seattle improperly used lethal force in self defense .
look i have no problems with an officer shooting a suspect who draws on them
as in the case under discussion in this thread that 's exactly what happened based on what we know now .
you 're trying to say that an officer ca n't use lethal force to defend themselves against serious injury or death unless the officer has clear evidence that the suspect committed a crime that warrants the death penalty .
i hope you realize how rediculous that assertion is .
running from the police sure as shit is n't on that list and that appears to have been iosia faletogo 's fatal mistake here .
no his fatal mistake was pulling a gun on a cop .
how have we gotten this far and you do n't realize that ?
we 'll just have to see whether the police 's conduct passes the new litmus test .
if the facts as we know them hold and it does n't pass the new litmus test then you can expect every spd officer to quit or to simply sit in their cars all day while they look for a new job .
if and officer ca n't use lethal force when a suspect pulls a gun on them no one in their right mind would do the job .
til that people actually use the icon to open the camera !
i did it when i needed to listen again to a lecture to reinforce concepts .
sometimes i have my book open on the treadmill if i 'm just walking instead of running .
sometimes i stream it in my car on long drives and then re-listen and highlight take notes later .
would n't use it as the only way i get through a module but it 's helpful for reinforcement .
most single edged cutting swords are so you can slice instead of just hacking .
i will do some research on the 6.5 grendel .
my favorite bolt gun is a 6.5 creedmoor and it kills the hell out of everything but would require using the heavier ar-10 platform .
would there a noticeable drop off in performance with a shorter barrel either 14.5 or 16 inches ?
my biggest complaint was that they didnt commit to just leaving the 02 cast dead oh and even hinting at that awful season ending ...
when i initially saw it i thought pettersson was going for the reverse hit
if something ever happened to your other phone that would n't be a bad deal .
but here is that link if you want to wait .
blu jaz has already said that if they ca n't have entertainment they will not be able to afford the rent and will close down .
it 's not just a loss of entertainment for blu jaz it 's the loss of blu jaz period .
i 'm not saying it 's the only cause but it is one of the more significant reasons for the area 's rehabilitation and once they 're gone along with their patrons there will be less foot traffic in this area .
and in 5-10 years the shophouses will be demolished to make way for another sky scraper office building/luxury condo like all the other plots in the area .
you can but it i do n't want to sound pretentious/douchy as i state it so know that 's no where i 'm coming from .
4 years of high school wrestling in the american midwest followed by 5ish years of bjj/muay thai mma .
they could do 4 waves in that time with what they did so far
traded 50 blizzard battle net balance gc for 40 paypal with u/jordypie
personally i absolutely loved celeste and i think the challenge is worth it .
also the deaths are a very common thing so do n't get too frustrated if a room is too hard because you usually only need to get passed it once .
if you do think you need assist mode that 's perfectly fine that 's what it 's there for .
i do n't know about currently but in the past some navies commonly subjected new ships to live ammunition in order to test armoring schemes .
in the years of rapid armor/armament progression 1860-1912 or so i think it was almost the norm .
they 're talking about salah being one of the prime divers in the league .
it 's even worse because most have n't played a minute .
happy new year to everyone hope 2019 is a good one for you .
just to let you know that we have solved a bug report that can occur if you are defeated in scenario 1 .
under certain circumstances one of your units can be duplicated if you restart the scenario .
this unit will not be visible when replaying the scenario but will cause a problem if you win and enter army management before starting scenario 2 .
we have a fix for this issue and we will roll it out as part of version 0.083 which we are hoping to implement over the weekend .
as a workaround if you lose scenario 1 exit to the main menu and start a new campaign to play it again as an alternative workaround ... ..do n't get defeated in scenario 1 !
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
if i wanted a 2ct equivalent in this long shape what would the size be ?
by gunpoint because of course anybody that ai n't cool with your frantically-needy hyperactive hyper-salivating xmas-gift mistake is gon na be so reluctant to leave you and doggo that you 'll have to threaten them with murder to get them off your well-deserved american-dream constitutionally-blessed 'property ' aka your 1960s-built 2b1b drywall palace with its 1970s siding and 1980s gravelled driveway and 1990s trampoline out back and the 2000 's cutting of the epa budget fot tackling the low-priority but high-impact superfund site it happens to be built on .
they work much harder than what they are paid .
ups has a better promotion policy but it can take years of hard work to get to a comfy spot .
fedex requires a lot of hustle to make decent coin and it can be incredibly competitive between drivers .
sauce have worked in warehousing for over 7 years through 3 different companies in two states across 2 regions .
i 've gotten to know about a dozen ups drivers and around 30 fedex drivers .
i 've actually seen a ups driver help load a fedex truck for an overworked driver .
look at that face and tell me accidentally '' again
this message brought to you by minnesota the only state that refused to vote for the guy lol
i wish we had access to a crash axe !
now where are the mods when you need them ? ? ?
but just imagine she 's stuck with a son ... just like jax
jill and derick can be incredibly selfish and it 's behavior like this that shows it off .
i do n't think you can blame jill for derrick 's actiosn here .
yeah they are still great players and there is nothing bad about the choices it 's not easy to remember everybody .
it 's not a cage if you 're feeing like a resident
she 's whatever it takes to keep the patreon dosh flowing .
sounds like sfw is black though not brown or east asian .
no reason to look at them like an alien unless these folk are legitimately in a closed community off the main roads .
but sfw said this was in a wendys though so theyre not that secluded .
conservatives this is a christian nation we need our laws to be christian . ''
movie goksung a really neat horror movie in korean !
comics i do n't read comics do manga count ?
if so berserk jojo 's and my favorite junji ito !
the exact reason i used words like 'unlikely ' .
i have a friend who did the pct and asked the same question .
he basically said you get in shape on the first few weeks of hiking
it has a steep learning curve with a high skill cap .
you really have to play it a lot and practice .
a lot of people play 50 or more games before they ever get to the final '' boss .
you should be able to beat the main game more consistently before you worry about doing the elevators they take tons of resources especially each floor and are hard to do unless you know what you 're doing .
also when you use them you start at that floor with only starter items so you 're at a disadvantage versus actually going through the floors .
do n't worry about elevators for now buy keys from shops when you can so you can open more chests kill bosses clear every room on every floor .
the syntax highlighter knows how to interpret python 's syntax and knows to expect python syntax simply because the file is a .py file .
so it starts parsing the file with an expectation that everything in it is a python language construct well a regular expression is actually an example of a domain specific language or dsl and it 's very definitely not python any more than json or xml would be and so when the syntax highlighter hits that it does n't see something it knows how to parse as anything but the python string literal it is so it gives up and moves on to the next token .
the nice re.verbose behavior happens to make the regex parser itself respect comments that happen to look like comments in python but they 're really comments in the regex dsl .
you 'll find that syntax highlighting is a bit of a weird art that does n't tend to work around language boundaries like this and a general programming language like python often has to embed bits of dsls like html and the highlighter can basically be instructed to correctly highlight either the python or the dsl but not both simultaneously .
my favorite clon klone uses one of these bad boys .
sounds so transparent but i think it depends on the enclosure size .
do n't know why you are arguing for no reason .
i also believe it is not really healthy for the chain to be lubed without being degreased/cleaned first .
if i took the chain lube with me i would also take some means of cleaning the chain .
and maybe the world is the way it is because of people like yourself who decided that everyone who does n't worship your god is going to hell and are evil .
nope you could offer me anything and i would n't leave my woman behind .
i would n't leave the woman i love for a billion dollars and super powers
did the lipstick stay on for the trick or not ?
well but that can not run beams equihash 150/5 the z9 for zcashhas 140 mbyte of on chip memory according to a chip tear-down .
alone the output data of first round takes 2\^26 150 bit what is 1.2 gbyte how can that fit ?
i just saw your quote marks and assumed your language settings .
cards do ask about that but it is n't reported on your credit reports/score .
i do n't think your savings/checking account age matters at all to anyone other than your current bank .
most bills do not report to credit agencies for on time payments .
they might report late payments and other negative remarks and often will do a hard inquiry when signing up .
bikini bottom has been confirmed to be in the bikini atoll iirc
i felt that she was honest in her feelings and did not mean ill will in terms of the timing .
i can understand how it would appear that way though so i get it .
i 'll add geekermon he does live coms with lots of different load outs usually goes for we rans .
he is really good at talking while playing well most of the time not as focused as cammy but a bit more entertaining .
i mean there is nothing that says that is inherently the outcome of promoting more cops mods .
though one could make a convincing argument based on previous events with subs like r libertarian .
however i would say that we do just a fine job of filtering it out ourselves .
the automod auto-deleting posts with slurs is a decent compromise i think .
scp-682 khorne and doom slayer are all great candidates .
i think its going to be a stalemate between these 5 .
they qualify as being to angry to die in my opinion .
are you asking whether the game he made and that is shown for a couple of seconds is all he could make in two weeks of time ?
or whether this is all dreams is a limitless game creation tool with out-of-the-box great-looking artistic tools allowing you to just browse stuff virtually without any loading times ?
but maybe you expect games to take half a year of development so not sure what you 're trying to say here .
if you 're younger than 50 your writing is bad
interesting so you say that if there is subtle dullness you can not keep exclusive attention on afterimage ?
the st. paul center for biblical studies should have some stuff online .
i guess they should be new immigrants that came to hk with a ‘torture claimant ' ...
hello your recent post on r/snapchat has been removed because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can check out the guidelines here http www.reddit.com/r/snapchat/comments/1saxrg/must_read_how_to_format_your_post .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your header
use only m f t a and r for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
you must have a hyphen between your r4r and your title .
if you are posting about r/snapchat in general please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/snapchat/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsnapchat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's funny i do n't feel at all awkward locking my cart up as a person comes screeching lem me get that cart !
my mom ws crying so sh let me use the ipd wit airpod so i don here dad yell !
it really is i 'm going to try to get a better photo .
tying rez to valk would be such a great start to this .
considering how trash valk is they could probably revert it back to 20s to make up for the 2s rez time .
if you manage to kill at kushala before it leaves the map you 'll be able to carve it for parts and might get a few bonus rewards depending on what you break before the end of the fight but you wo n't get any kushala tickets
setting a pointer p to null i thought it simply meant pointer p points to nothing '' .
if p points to nothing how can it have a boolean value of false ?
give your protagonist a name and you 're solid .
just make it name revenge '' or name struggle '' or name quest '' bonus points if its a name that 's easily recognizable .
you could set up multiple afwall profiles then use something like tasker to switch between them when your network changes
it ca n't get worse so.. no i would probably kill my self if i had to hear his voice every day .
and not just because sometimes villains cross over to other super hero continuities .
lmao me too and i did n't even realise until you pointed it out
i loved the soundtrack but absolutely can never finish the movie .
no need to contribute to an apparently annoying issue .
i 'm sure there are many ways to say what i thought i was conveying with my original post .
tom woods and bob murphy hosted some great cruises http www.tomwoodscruise.com .
i mean that does n't disprove any of the facts i 've just given you so if you just want to close your eyes and ignore it that 's cool because you 're not even american so why should i expect you have a valid opinion on it ?
sure thing i may need some help with the lever😏😈😘
would you do the same thing for onion ring ?
my wife has tried to make a blooming onion a few times but has n't figured it out
done right painting can be a very time consuming process .
you have a very large house and i would not be scared of the 45 day if they did it old school and did high quality prep and hand paint .
i would check on their references just because they are slow does not mean that they do not do quality work .
sometimes i wake up with a feeling like i ca n't breath and have to get up and walk around for a while to calm myself down .
when i do wake up in this state i have to imagine a make believe world to fall asleep .
modern dishwashers have a lot of sensors and logic so that it can adjust its program as it is cleaning your dishes .
so there is much less options on modern dishwashers .
however there are a few things it can let you chose .
the most costly part of washing dishes both economically and ecologically is heating the water .
but the colder the water the longer it takes for fat and other dirt to dissolve in the water .
so depending on the temperature of the water it takes longer or shorter to wash the dishes .
the last part of the washing cycle in modern dishwashers is the drying .
older dishwashers did not always have this and relied on humans to leave the dishes out to dry .
some modern dishwashers will give an indication that it is just drying the dishes and might even open the door so that the dishes dry faster .
in order to dry the dishes faster it also usually turns on the heating element .
when there is no water to heat it will heat the air turning any remaining droplets into steam .
so in eco mode it might not turn the heating element on as much and it takes longer to dry your dishes .
i do n't have any plans of making prints of this one currently maybe in the future .
wth.. never been with a chick that could handle even half of this .
it seems that your thread is about penis size and size threads are not allowed on r/puberty rule 5 .
though do not worry as this subreddit 's wiki should have you covered and answer to your size questions .
the thread has been removed and will be reviewed by the moderators .
if automoderator made a mistake on removing this thread it will be re-approved after manual examination .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/puberty if you have any questions or concerns .
please keep in mind that groping a bunch of girls at an edm fesitival does n't count as dating
the deals happen a few times a month or so and last a day or two .
i do i have a body pillow that came with my pillowset but not the kissing part tho still it 's more common that you might think .
i want my doujins ... . tho there is one with tiamatxmash that 's just ... fucking weird .
i love how he punches the hostage twice in the face
i 'm also unsure how the theoretical terrorist being middle eastern makes any difference .
you should be just as if not more scared by a white guy writing a terror plot .
the girl has to still be good but people are less forgiving towards guys and failure .
ca n't get punished for poor communication accessibility options if you ca n't communicate in the first place
but hopefully the app if it was a preemptive move to dodge legal trouble is n't just a lowkey attempt to avoid having to improve accessibility for the console .
hopefully instead it 'll give developers tools to cater for these audiences without having ti reinvent the wheel .
the app isnt popular but if it did come with accessible communication tools it 's likely it 'd become more useful inherently for everyone .
ghostly whales maintain a very fixed position suspended in place from a gothic vaulted ceiling of a natural history museum holding their stationary positions for all to see yes quite stationery .
my only follow up question is what is a more optimal weight range for my height for a non enhanced lifter ?
it all had to do with aurora expansion strategy of diluting shareholders at each and every possible chance to buy what were then overpriced assets .
the amazon links you provided for the ethernet surge protectors will function the same as an eth-sp and will need to be bonded with your buildings main grounding system to effectively protect .
creating a new grounding system for the single camera would not be a good idea and you said that it 's not feasible to run a wire to your utility grounding so how lucky do you feel ?
i 've got an outdoor g3 at my house that 's not grounded with no problems .
i also did some work this past summer at a facility that had a direct strike and it fried a good portion of their properly grounded and bonded equipment .
btw tbc was better but that does n't matter .
classic will be more fun than this garbage expansion .
also ca n't wait to read reddit this summer when people like have mental breakdowns after seeing the 10 years old version of the game overtaking its successor in popularity lmfao .
and as for your account it 's garbage but that 's evident .
yes we believe you when you say your account was banned .
drop rates are higher on extra hard after all besides you will want to run it for jutus weapons and other stuff
if you run it a bunch be sure to take a chalyra collection file with you for omega double spawns
missed the first quarter due to the caps dallas nail biter looks like i missed out on some decent plays .
yes it 's been almost 2 years since my ex dumped me .
i still feel my heart skip the empty hole gnaw at my insides whenever i think of him ...
all i want is to be free of this hurt .
i sometimes wish my memory could be erased but then i get scared of forgetting how good lying on his chest felt how fucking amazing it was having him inside me how alive happy i felt whenever we touched .
he 's wonderful and his parents are trying to instill proper manners but sometimes ...
well damn at least there 's youtube for that right ?
lol i stare hard at it lol can be harder to text than while tripping at times haha !
yes they do but regardless of that everyone else still shoots efficiently !
cp3 was always very efficient even on slightly lower volume i 'm not sure what point that makes jokic is pretty efficient too .
you can not find an example of another top player who shoots even close to as inefficiently as westbrook because there is n't one .
edit so the best you can cite is butler who is still 10 points higher than wb lol just proves my point
i 've done plenty of homeowner plumbing but i could never do what you guys do .
i was trying to score just six sb the other day and could n't get anything to credit
ca n't wait to see the 5 guard lineup .
on our team an is-5 and lowe go town like nubs and i go mid with a jpanther on our team while the rest of my team go far left side with the two bridges and the hill .
a red pershing and type 62 show up on the hill side and get rekt immediately .
i put a shot into pershing then 2 shots into an at-7 across the map .
then the red heavies push into is-5 and lowe they both die without doing much and i end up sniping a bit from the middle dumping 2 clips into a red is-3d and a kv-5 along with a t28 proto .
game ends with a nub t-43 and sp1c rushing in against an is-3 d and a t28 proto as well as another nub su-101 that could have died but was one-shot .
i clip out the remaining two tanks and win the game .
my damage was almost 50 of the entire damage dealt by my team .
edit this was my very first round in this tank .
i wish there was n't so much rumor floating around .
all i 've ever read is that he does n't come from a big time hs program so he has n't really had exposure to high end coaching or teaching around doing real reads .
the one thing everyone seems to agree on ... all of the physical gifts anyone could ask for .
... your video card is like 7 years old .
i doubt you even get 30fps in most things at 1080p let alone 1440p or 4k .
do n't come in here acting like you 're king shit .
some of us have respect for the hobby and hold our experiences to higher standards .
i had a phone interveiw today and they want a physical interview soon !
i applied for the lowest position but i may have a shot for the next level .
i 'm so excited but i will be soo pissed if they start getting real world political .
i do n't need dhmis to change into do n't hug me i 'm triggered
i wonder if any footballers use psychedelics considering they could do that and not have it affect their health/fitness at all .
i 'm married and if i go to bed alone some nights i hug my husbands pillow .
it smells like him and makes me feel safe .
i love my husband to bits and really find it difficult to fall asleep when he does n't share the bed with me .
get her to 100 crit and give her r l ... cd decrease and effect chance r generally what to aim for first
i got kasumi limited on jp and kokoro on ww .
i wanted df sayo on ww and df ran on jp but my luck is better at getting limited card ...
i am happy to come to the house today to give my full support for this throne speech .
the ucp is ready to give the stability and security canada has been desperately hoping for ever since the former prime minister who began the long road of government instability resigned .
this throne speech lays out our plans for how we will go about bringing stability and security during our term .
we have a strong plan for foreign policy that will allow us to prosper in the new global economy and assert ourselves as a nation who is ready to defend it 's values on the world scale .
we are ready to work with our commonwealth european and nato partners to make deals that allow us all to prosper .
we also have a plan to defend the nation of canada from new threats emerging in our world .
from terrorists to hackers our government hopes to combat all threats to keep canadians safe and secure in a time where national security must be defended .
i am very proud of our governments plan too help the indigenous and francophone communities of canada to ever connect us in today 's age .
a canada that is connected and one that allows our minority groups to flourish is a stronger canada that can work together to tackle the issues that face us all .
our fight for freedoms and equality is a very good sight to look at with preserving the many freedoms we value such as freedom of speech and freedom to love who you want while also not bringing political correctness into the mix .
we are in great state in this area and our government hopes to preserve that .
this governments plan to lower taxes and balance our budget will help canadians on controlling their own economic future not the government wasting their money on vanity projects .
and with this budget balancing we will be putting money into programs that matter most and removing money from vanity projects .
the increase in infrastructure and technology spending will help better connect canada bringing us closer together and allowing us to prosper more .
we also have plans to put more money into the fight against climate change to hold our environment and keep canada clean and beautiful for generations to come .
it may be a fight and not an easy one at that .
but i am confident this government will be able to get things done and i am happy to be apart of it .
i am extremely pleased to support this throne speech and i am ready to work hard for northern ontario and canada .
thats one of my favorite guns your taking about .
thats the sr-1mp the base price for the gun is over 27k rubles .
the mags alone are thousands of rubles not to mention the ammo over 200 for the good ap stuff .
if you do n't know what it is try it you will be impressed .
i 'd love to get a more in-depth look at the different kinds of early teleostians .
this whole concept brings lots of interesting imagery to mind .
it 'd be cool to see it drawn out .
also are they strictly marine or are/were there some varieties that could survive in freshwater as well ?
or make them like widow mines in starcraft 2 .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
waldo sees so many thots but very few see him .
basically beni has a line about master giving her a day off and she asked if they 're about to die aka do n't need her service anymore or something lol
you have viewers it 's your channel settings that are not letting your viewers through .
i get 1000 times more attention from men now that i 'm skinny .
i 'm sorry you had to go through that but you 're totally right it 's half motivating and half straight up depressing .
having your lip implants removed was the right decision .
well.. if you go to any country you 're going to have their share of expats who criticize the locals .
but china is in a class on a totally different level .
the country of china is going backwards in time right now .
they 're also mimicking nazi germany with their concentration camps to intern people based on their race .
investing the time and effort into figuring out what types and amounts of food you can eat that allow you to feel good and maintain health including weight is easily one of the best things an individual can do .
this is the tip of the iceberg of an instagram story with probably 100 slides right now .
the reason i believed ellie was because yeah i would trust that an established team would look into the personal info of the player .
what i 'm saying and what i take issue is that yeah it makes sense for the team the employer to look into the personal info and request it .
edit my thing is and yeah you agree they are two different things .
yeah i never really thought about that built in hazard .
these things are popping up everywhere in the us .
hoping this prompts all of them everywhere to revisit their emergency exit plans .
you need to be constantly rubbing one side keeping it shiny to reverse .
it does n't happen on its own you know ?
this op posted this exact same thing to about 5 different subreddits to get their desperately needed karma .
it 's like she does n't want people to stay fans and interested .
so basically reptiles are the perfect species never needing to evolve .
if it ever happens bet it 's gon na be an exotic shader only obtained from silver boxes .
i can give you the rundown for those maps .
classifed while not being too focused on main quest easter eggs the way to do it is to get to round 150 .
good luck if you do n't blue screen or crash it does wonders for worldbuilding and filling in the gaps for the zombies storyline started in blops 1 .
ultimus crew could 've been expanded up more but i do like that their story is not over yet .
winter 's howl is amazing and the changes to the map layout keep the difficulty with anti-frustration features .
there are so many secrets and easter eggs steps need to be completed alone just to get things like pack a punch and the new zombie types are almost too much to handle .
you can have a werewolf s ! regular and crimson nosferatus special zombies and the regular ones in one round if you are unlucky .
it also sucks having to search the entire mansion for silver bullet parts shield parts and some challenges for the hidden rooms and stake knife can only be attempted once .
if you fail them you ca n't redo the steps to get them .
it 's not a bad map per say it 's just not casual friendly and the marketing for this map was just abysmal .
the order of it does n't do favors for the chaos storyline and tryarch needs to be more open with the community and not screw up the next map .
or the chaos storyline will not be engaging and the aether storyline will eclipse it .
if you have the budget railcar will custom cut you a pair of their ladies raws .
i just want to share my happiness with everyone else .
if you do n't have all the brawlers i hope you get one soon !
i 'm sorry but this event would be so much better as another double xp event instead .
loot is n't that essential when you 're rep 15 and have 180 gear score fully refined gear for all your mains .
bho made it to the front page only because leftists
this post is in solidarity with u/materia_girl who was banned earlier today for posting this waffle pizza .
whether you respect this culinary creation or not if you 've been around r/food for long i think you can agree with the following
the only pleasure they take from their position is the modicum of power their allowed banning people left and right drunk with authority high on control .
the inability to engage them in conversation no matter how peacefully without being insulted they truly are miserable and i pray everyday for a better mod .
if you agree with this sentiment please upvote all the waffle pizzas you encounter .
like every dad in pajamas he instinctively scratched his ass within seconds of standing .
mad magazine hell bloom county put his brain into bill the cat ffs .
obama was presidenting while black though completely different amiright ?
so do n't you want him as your 2 ?
what if nick goes down in the 1st quarter ?
it 's true gsp has the sexiest accent in mma
the headlines would probably still be littered with the supposed feud between catherine and megan supported by conveniently timed photographs .
i have had chronic daily headaches for 12 years now i was originally told it should n't last for more than 3-4 years but i guess that was wrong in my case .
i 've had years where it 's improved and it was far worse when i was pregnant as my headaches seem to be due to hormones .
i tried many medications and types of treatment when it all first started but was eventually put on gabapentin and stayed on that for years .
try to find out what your triggers are and what helps the most when they become unbearable and just keep going until you can find the right medication for you .
good luck my friend i know the pain you 're in unfortunately but it will improve one day .
wait getting the same players several games in a row has nothing to do with how populated the rank is .
the players in a comp lobby are all around the same rank and end their previous match at the same time .
if you immediately requeue of course you 're gon na get a bunch of the same people again .
if the matchmaker had some provision to prevent people from getting queued into lobbies with the same people from their previous queue times would definitely be longer .
evidence of low population would be getting the same people even with downtime between games or getting very unbalanced matches even during peak hours .
so is timo if he is silly enough to do that while levandowski is still there .
it could be true but unless you have proof to back up your way of thinking i am going to ask you not to question our posters specially if they are underage .
i think the game will run pretty well even on low end systems .
i assume that 2gd is using a machine with decent specs which results in a framerate constantly over 200 .
at the same time we have to bear in mind that it is also a pre-beta build assumingly with lots of room for performance optimizations .
those optimizations might only be applied some while after launch though .
there 's no way to build all projects in that solution from any single project file without making some kind of pseudo-solution.xproj file just to reference them all .
at which point you 're just being daft and should use a sln file .
i did n't get a letter stating they were n't paying .
i only found out after sending an email asking .
i then asked if it was possible to do what you suggested and the va said it would be falsifying the enrollment document .
could reach those numbers as well if they would shot twice as often per game
yeah it really shows what he 's doing although we have n't created enough chances in the final third the tempo we hold on both sides of the ball as well as passing is pretty good this team as a whole is just so much more exciting to watch than mourinho 's wow .
i meant it more like the russian is trying to carry but his strats never work and everyone gets killed by one guy
the queen will get shot on the 5th and die from the wound on the 7th
some courses have very little physical chemistry or organic chemistry because they focus on different things like immunological aspects .
the net of things like that is some people leave courses not knowing how things even link up properly .
rkelly 's been fucking children for years and y'all are surprised by this shit ?
shooting with 120fps will playback on the camera as regular but allow you to slow down in post you can shoot in s q if you want to fix the playback as slow on the camera too .
iso10k 's still pretty high even for a camera good with iso !
for comparison i 'd get noise on anything but iso100 on my old nikon iso4000 on my a7iii starts to show some noise on darker images .
you need to play with you camera work out what the boundaries are at different light levels .
all posts must be tagged with the resolution in the title e.g .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wallpaper if you have any questions or concerns .
visited new zealand and had a burger called osama bun laden
i 'd imagine in china very few people would pick 4 .
if i remember correctly it has a similar sound to the word death which is why many products seem to skip the 4 in the series .
i wish these cunts would put that glide down to third man away .
all that is what every linebacker that misses less tackles is doing .
i have always used kijiji to find rental units but it may be hard to rent for under a year .
most leases are expected to be 1 year unless it is a sublet or the ll is just desperate to have someone in there .
if they create an artwork tag users who do n't want to see artworks can simply filter them out .
that wo n't affect anyone else but the user will have a better browsing experience .
it 's definitely got a different style and has a few great episodes but does n't quite live up to it 's potential imo so there is room for improvement .
i have a feeling he 's planning to up the ante a bit each series of his 5 year plan '' .
series 6 tried to up the ante from series 5 but it kinda became a mess because series 5 was already at a great level but series 11 is pretty low key so it 's perfect to step up from .
if they truly make them hot and then scale them back then yes .
but i do n't know if i believe that .
mussels supposed to be open when you cook them ?
some orbiters have found peaks of eternal light https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/peak_of_eternal_light more or less in the lunar north and south poles solar panels in these regions could provide electricity without interruption .
this comment https www.reddit.com/r/bookofmormonnotes/comments/ac346z/embedded_sermons/ed4wm63 contains a summary of mosiah 2-5 from our embedded sermons thread .
21 savage donates school supplies and haircuts to back-to-school drives .
not the nicest thing but it warms my heart .
thumb rests much more naturally on my flipped space than the right way '' .
and that 's where the convenience of reddit stops .
it might frustrate you having to read about it but if you care about this person and want them to feel good i think it 'd be beneficial to have a quick read and respond .
try this set trends mixing is on point and the selection is good .
every other set i watch falls a bit dead after i 've watched this one because of how well this set flowed .
meanwhile i 'm working on a 2016 15 mbp that i got at launch and i have yet to have any problems with the keyboard .
it 's called the fargåte https youtu.be/uod7hqokxcu because it goes far !
that was ... a quote from a metallica song .
nothing is going to compare to being a kul'tiran and having all the npcs call you mainlander '' ...
became a social media cult figure due to his electorate meat slicing and salt sprinkling technique
took a photo post cl final with various madrid players and also a visibly distraught salah with arm in a sling and uploaded both to the gram
fair play to him looks like he came from a typically impoverished background
look for the 3 you have copies of in your bag in shard form and if you extra copies you can altar them .
if you have 4 mirko in your inventory and you have 3 in shard form then altar 3 if needed too .
this woman needs to absolutely stop what she 's doing and focus on something new
so how much protein should a 6 ft 9 stone skinny/lean male aim for if he is trying to bulk and build strength ?
88g of protein per day 1,6g kg of body weight for bulk 1,6g kg of lean muscle for maintenance would be a rule of thumb based on scientific literature .
they were n't selling like books mostly do n't but they certainly were well-received .
you have to reply that to one of my comments haha
it 's still such a surprise that dice reworked one of the more easy accessible game modes when it was such a hit among the casual console players .
thank you we 've only had one other pair like them in the 2 years i 've been there .
i 've missed salah for years do i need to make it up ? ''
i want to begin praying but have n't in years what do i do ? ''
i think she appreciated learning what it was though because now she uses it all the time .
i started showing her a few keyboard shortcuts which she likes .
she 's very busy so i think it will help her a lot to learn more efficient ways to use her computer .
i 'd like to remind you all that mctominay has hardly played this season and he 's only 22 .
lads when i was 22 all i did was wank all day .
he has zero chance of even doing well in a primary .
black people sure as hell wo n't vote for this guy .
was it actual forced penetration or two kids exploring each other 's body ?
yeah show the movie to the bot first at least
i use the mpmb character sheet but it 's somewhat complicated .
if you want something easy to use just use the d d beyond link below .
sis you 're in a sub full of gays .
lots of us hate religion but we 're not so goddamn edgy about it .
if i 'm looking for iggy pop i 'd want to see everything from him and the stooges together .
or just do n't hit on people that are working .
sooooooo uhhhmm did ya here about jk rowling saying that the wizards did n't always use the bathrooms to poop at hogwarts ?
also just fyi i 'm on my ... third ?
i have all the trophies just kind of playing for 100 completion including data points at the moment tho there is n't any real reward for that i want to make sure i squeeze every tidbit possible out of this amazing game !
the zone gives the team wide open threes but luke pulled kcp lmao
barbra was orcalysed in the 2 year period of the time skip so she may just be starting out and not wanting others to know .
we do n't know their full plan but they seem to want to put an end to the war .
there 's no reason for eren to want to help marley and he and zeke seem to be genuinely on the same side .
or at least zeke thinks they are and i 'm not sure what reason eren would have for betraying his brother when zeke is the one who seems to have brought forward a plan that would n't require paradis to sacrifice historia and her children .
i ca n't buy zeke having killed so many of the survey corps as a reason because eren has become a morally ambiguous character and has access to ... if not kruger 's memories then at least his father 's memories of kruger so he knows that people can do monstrous things to eldians for the purpose of eventually restoring eldia .
zeke 's worried thoughts about the full potential of the world 's armies vs paradis indicate that he is n't anti-paradis though i 'm not sure he 's pro-paradis so much as he 's probably pro-eldia and believes that the best thing for the future of eldians is for him to defend paradis here .
i 'm going to england with my friends for a summer trip
i used adobe audition 's adaptive noise reduction to decrease it .
that is a new way to look at kimmy !
if you 're a comedian and it 's entertaining then go for it .
if you 're riffing on a crappy move with your pals then go to town .
but otherwise unless you 're intelligently engaging with why a piece of art did n't work then what are you even doing ?
i am confused as to who or what you 're even referring to then ?
sounds like a beef with bad criticism not negative criticism .
the bonding in the main panel not good enough ?
i 'm still torn about the game i 'm requesting would edit once i 've decided d
is this a us na english thing in practise ?
they '' in academic writing is incredibly pervasive in english speaking commonwealth countries .
anecdotally i hear he '' she '' used a lot in us steams or clips .
it 's dead and we just dont know it actually we do know but dont care because america will just protect us anyway lol
i only watched the first season but mostly the dad just yells at them iirc .
i hope it 's ok i stumbled in here .
the things my husband did for me that really really helped the most
i would get so wrapped up in taking care of baby i would often forget to take care of myself .
my husband would walk around the living room bouncing a baby on his sholder while i would take a quick shower .
another thing he would do as soon as he got home was bring me snacks and water .
i am personally just terrible at eating and drinking so i 'm not sure if this applies .
water is super important for breastfeeding to make sure mom can make milk .
a bowl of oatmeal every morning is what tons of women swear to help with their milk supply as well .
this might sound kind of weird but when baby is awake and not fussy both me and my husband try to play with baby to tire them out .
from bicycle kicks and arm wiggles as a newborn to tummy time and floor play as a 2-6 month old to lots of time in the jumper and practice walking standing form 6-12 month .
our kids have always slept like champs when we keep up with actively engaging them in some type of physical play .
possible down side is that our toddler is super strong .
like lifting gallons of milk and carrying them from the car to the kitchen and moving our heavy wooden kitchen table whenever he feels like it kind of strong .
kid is built like a tiny little line backer .
also as others have mentioned just a short break to
and i second the point of just talking to her .
everyone is different so the best advice would come from her personally .
now as for getting you through the night time feeds and the rough patches .
i would suggest giving a streaming service a go with one of the free trials .
i personally do n't have any so i did hulu one month and netflix the next down the line .
it is suprising how easy it is to doze off with a baby in your arms .
i have always been legit terrified of this thought .
watch a tv show or movie helped me stay just enough engaged to stay awake but not like so involved it was frustrating trying to do with a baby that suddenly hates everything .
a simple video game would also work for this purpose .
i am decently good at overwatch from all my late nights at this point .
it is really important to have someone to talk to outside of your spouse .
my husband has table top group that meets every sunday .
he told me at one point that it makes him feel normal after the day to day craziness that is having children .
also a neat thing that may or not help you .
when baby is being super fussy but dry fed burped etc .
sometimes just walking into a new room or going outside weather premiting can calm them down .
the show had an ending and tried to tie off some loose ends .
daniels cowrote the finale so maybe it was his way of admitting that leaving all the ends untied was kinda half baked
i got feed the rich yesterday i almost wished that i 'd gotten bitter buddhist instead but i actually love the way ftr looks on .
i was also looking at peaceful paranoia because i 've really been into neutrals lately .
found the holier than thou european do n't worry bud .
not all americans think denmark is haven of terrorist activity .
i think it might have a douchebag or two but hey what country does n't ?
enjoy the time you have with someone you enjoy for as long as you enjoy it or break free and move on .
i 'm sure whoever finds them is gon na be thrilled regardless
my suggestion would be to buy a used pc with processor and motherboard upgrade ram and storage if necessary and then buy a monitor .
if you want to buy everything new including peripherals with a g4560 build you would need around 25k
i get excited if i randomly look at a clock and see the time is my birthday .
very rarely am i looking at a clock at 8:29 .
f a t h e r f i g u r e s
dude all it would take is one camera being on and the film getting around .
granted now a slightly more advanced aztec society makes contact with people from other countries and die from diseases .
sad that they 'll invade to protect corporate interests but to save the planet ?
when does magic first become part of the story to the extent that it would warrant an explanation ?
the author misses the good old times apparently french workers who today are perceived to enjoy more vacation time than workers in any other country worked as much as 46 hours per week and 50 weeks per year in the 1950s .
today the french work 40-percent less than they did back in the day reflecting a smaller proportion of the population working as well as a much shorter workweek.
macron would already be dead with his head on a spike if he proposed to reverse that
so you regretted him bailing you out because the outcome included unsanitary hardware ... what was the other option ?
oh well youre gon na cheat on me with her !
well im gon na hook up with her in a bar after i dump your ass so neener neener ! ''
it can take a week or two to adjust to a new deficit .
give it a few more days allow yourself to go a little over if you need to and if there 's still a problem see a doctor .
recently been sampling a few japanese whiskeys and really enjoyed them .
would be good to hear what else people are enjoying over a nip
we ca n't hire anybody in the country for this position . ''
imagine a slightly nerdy kid with a smirk and glasses wearing that in 1991 or so .
650 but you do n't need to be that high either .
haha uss callister is the most dark and depressing one .
white christmas and black museum are the best episodes from season 3-4
by posting on this subreddit you agree that you are over the age of 18 and only want people over the age of 18 to reply to your post .
if this statement does not apply to you or you disagree with it please delete your post .
if you have any question as to why this was commented see rule 1 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/furrykikpals if you have any questions or concerns .
unfortunately your post was removed for the following reason s
you must provide at least one high-quality picture of the roastee holding a sign with the text r/roastme .
the sign must be visible and clearly held by the roastee .
make sure to include the hand and arm of the person holding the sign .
if you feel that it has been removed in error please message us https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2froastme so that we may review it .
nikayla looks at us startled oh my gosh it 's just you guys .
grabs colus by his shirt who killed the lights ?
as soon as russell rocked the baby he went cold and backing down another gaurd on iso for a turnaround bank shot is one of his signatures but boy is it a terrible shot selection at the final minutes of a close game
i know you are n't actually in favor of them .
looks like you 're trying to submit a direct link-type post you ca n't do that here so this submission has been removed .
and pasting the links to your pictures in the text box .
the reason why we did n't block link submissions outright is because mobile clients do n't respect this they show the post a link '' interface regardless of subreddit settings and so if we block them we get tons of modmails from people asking why their blocked link post did n't go through .
this way people redditing from a phone at least get a warning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amiugly if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe you could get a cake themed after peanut butter and jelly
getting to see friends almost all of my teachers are really good i want to show my science teacher my dad 's paper
i imagine it would have been very useful for crops you know when how many crops do we have left to pick ?
we bought hardware to do mining which got us coins which then we sold for cad .
the big ben will explode as soon as the queen dies
yes yes yes when is kanye going to be on ?
love your podcast man oh and i listened to your stand uo the other day pretty funny
i once talked to this guy late at night .
we got on well and said we 'll talk tomorrow cause it was really late .
next day comes i 'm busy i have work .
i do n't touch my phone for a while and when i do i have 10 messages from this guy having a meltdown it went from ‘hi how are you ' to ‘you 're just a selfish entiteled woman ' and worse .
i was in court because i had a fucking trial i was assisting in .
needless to say i did n't bother explaining that to him and blocked him instantly .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 3 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3
threads which require answers be based on usernames are not allowed .
the same applies to threads which add a length requirement either over x number of characters/words/etc .
or under because they hinder discussion and limit answers .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
you really do n't want to start a discussion about the definition of the term 'liberal ' because to be frank u americans have fucked that definition six ways to sunday .
sit there in a great deal of pain i 'd imagine .
does n't matter she has been buffed in the past 3 second passive healing to 1 second for example compared to genji or brig which have only been nerfed
i would unless i was going to meet them in a very short period of time .
it 's experience and a good way to realize what you really want .
however i 'd have to say i 'm not looking for anything really serious since i know i would be meeting the one do n't like that term and it 's not them .
looks close to what ive been looking for for a while loose neck looser fit longer length
that show got me into humiliation porn when those mean sisters would tie them up naked .
always important to mention „red because he 's so different to his in form
is there any way you can pick one that you prefer more than others but is also less detrimental to your health and well being ?
then just kind of spend a bit more on it to make you forget about the others .
i think his search for redemption makes him such an outstanding character his powers are to me just a bonus .
his role as antagonist and the realization of his actions makes him so human spoiler s which is so incredible since he was trying to become more than human '' .
and s even if his victims forgive him he ca n't forgive himself so he acknowledge that he will forever be a stranger to humanity that his past wo n't allow him to become normal and like everyone else he ca n't atone for his actions even if he tries to protect last order .
so instead he becomes a stranger and embrace his role as the other as a villain '' .
this makes his power so symbolic a barrier that shuts everything else out so he can live in his own tortured mentality .
paying lower taxes to get no medical care education support on crumbling infrastructure .
borders exist with or without a gold 20ft wall .
the border has been there for a while buddy .
others guys are offering higher taxes but with universal healthcare free college tuition and government programs to update dated infrastructure .
they are offering to use intelligent ways of enforcing the border with drones and cameras to minimize cost and upkeep .
and they support the right to defend yourself even with a gun .
sounds pretty reasonable when you boil it down like that .
especially considering that benefits all people and not just the wealthy or white .
took me several times watching the replay to notice our guy back there but he definitely punched the ball out .
and both those backs were out of the league within 2 years one of which was hurt overweight for the duration of the season rice if you failed to read it the first time .
if caldwell is such an issue tell me how joique bell reggie bush donald brown ameer abdullah bernard pierce and joseph addai did after he coached them .
go ahead go look up their stats during after caldwell .
go tell me how they all kill it on other teams but oh wait they did n't !
and fwiw i do n't believe caldwell is a good play caller never did .
however he 's only ever called plays 1 time since his hcing debut in indianapolis all the other times not so much .
also the passing offense regressed due to a loss of talent not because caldwell just forgot how to call plays between the sb and the next season .
they lost 200 targets between dennis pitta and anquan boldin who were the 1 3 targets on that 2012 team .
you know who picked up the slack for those 200 targets ?
marlon brown jacoby jones and 34 year old dallas clark .
pretty much like the lions going from marvin jones and tate to tj jones and whatever other guys we used during the 2nd half except extrapolate it over the course of a full season rather than the half season we dealt with .
not a total shock but having bad players in an offense will pretty much lead to having a bad offense .
outside of torrey smith they had pretty much an offense composed of bad players in 2013 and it 's not like torrey smith was a true wr1 he was just not awful .
and to think a new oc just carried out the old oc 's scheme for the remainder of 2012 is ridiculous .
if that was the case cameron never would 've been fired midseason .
it 's like saying when lombardi got fired that jbc just carried lombardi 's scheme since it was already established .
do n't try to put that over on me it 's literally flawed based on everything that happened before and after cameron 's firing .
you 'll have to explain this one to me .
and if y'all have an ikea nearby they also have similar ones for cheap https m.ikea.com/us/en/catalog/products/art/20282107 .
i bought them for one of my clothing drawers .
they 're not great for clothing and i might end up repurposing them for my makeup drawers .
yes i have added to vexedenigma 's pop horror city gfx .
live in the arizona desert and my dog does the same .
poor guy hops on 3 feet with his paw or leg out when he has a sticker in a pad .
i swear you guys yoshi is at least an a tier
if only he could design plays to make the offense run smoother then maybe the players would n't have to force so many tough shots and run isos all the time .
those can i still eat them ? eyes ! !
it 's made by medley the artist for themecore terra rip mystic rip and several other hc 's rip
you pretty much lose if you let her push you to tower all the time if she 's maxing e she should n't be able to push so hard until later in lane unless you 've fed her .
and well at least her skills are dodgeable except for her w .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
by slipping on a banana peel and cracking my skull open on the hard floor .
i did have fun riding with a friend to pick up a pound of weed and thinking i was in a movie the entire time lol
you see the word is is used only in the context of a singular noun ei the cat is purring .
the word are is to be used for plural nouns ei .
some nouns seem to be singular but in fact are plural sheep jellyfish elderly people although the word people should imply pluralism .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
attaboy i always tell myself this time ill just romance makoto and every time i go harem route
mario and any tales of abyss or vesperia-type mechanics ideally
never touched mario luigi so i can not comment on that subseries .
but it 's time to apply tales mechanics to a mario rpg .
i would even be okay with using super smash bros as a foundation for this because it is already very close to tales-style combat .
b-combinations are pretty much like artes anyway and final smashes serve the same purpose as mystic artes .
all you have to do is allow movement on all 3 dimensions ...
we can also say that you should n't care too much about how he celebrates .
i agree it 's not a form of sportsmanship .
on the other hand how did you score your goals ?
if you took the w from him by robbing him with finesses from outside the box ...
ingredient-wise nivea in the blue thin is a very shitty product ...
so maybe you did try out the wrong products .
because when d2 launched bungie believed that pvp was the true end game offering .
people will raid on tuesday/wednesday then just pvp all week just like halo !
but destiny is a different breed of game and will attract hardcore pve players who want to focus on that content and they failed to update bounties appropriately in my opinion .
being the pragmatism that comes from knowing that those who were once responsible for us have failed us
there is absolutely no evidence to indicate that millennials will be more pragmatic than their parents or grandparents and you also forget how pretty much every generation gets failed by the one that goes before it .
fucked over by their parents regarding a second world war .
depends when they were born but potentially they had to put up with seemingly endless strikes the brain drain winter of discontent and not having enough electricity to power their homes at night/pubs closing/etc during the three day week .
millenial politics '' will not be any better than what has gone before .
mea 's multi-player is decent but too grindy less of a pool of interesting characters to pick less interesting abilities .
bonus points on the sounds graphics and jet boost jumping and dodging for mea though .
if it 's worth anything i have over a thousand hours in me3 's mp vs maybe 100 in mea 's mp .
i highly enjoy 3 over a mostly due to more interesting enemies plus the rejection mod and the like plus being able to be much better krogan and turians as well as having access to quarians drell and vorcha among others .
imagine being 4 points clear at the top of the table and being distraught hahaha
yup i still remember it like i was there .
friendship after lockup sounds like a more positive show for sure .
my father asked me if the earth orbits around the moon .
the last time i have been active is during the ffx auron and jetch batch though i have a pair of ellie .
normal people are with family or friends lol not playing games
i have those games and many more check my page .
why did n't they just long-press the power button ?
whether it 's ideate or autodesk for software expertise or it 's someone like contech or some concrete structure manufacturer they all have keen interests all the time in filling sales roles with technically competent people .
an alternate path i 'd suggest instead would be to get on the other side of private development working for a developer .
getting an mba in something finance or business related while starting a job on the development side would be a very strong start .
christ i can pull a car off the road in manitoba if it 's unsafe enough and the customer refuses to tow it or have it fixed .
it 's a hell of a hassle and requires getting the cops involved with a lot of paperwork but it can be done .
it 's because cgi had n't been invented yet .
strapping a weight on is for losers get some balance training nerd
r u kidding cognitive dissonance in only reinforces itself !
percy just tells us that he 's gon na rat us out for using magic outside of class i see no redeeming quality in this annoying brat .
every time this is said i can only think to this post that defeats that stupid tee hee he made his job harder and killed people when he didnt need to '' bullshit .
because both of my parents are 100 polish and from poland .
i grew up with polish family many polish traditions.. polish food ... etc .
so because of my mix of culture tradition language and heritage i consider myself a polish-american .
when i travel abroad though i simply address myself as american .
i feel like calling myself polish-american would come off as kind of arrogant .
plus ... my passport says united states of america .
there are however americans that are 100 american in every way but because they had a great-great grandfather from germany or something they then consider themselves german-american which makes no sense to me as they have nothing in common with germans german culture language ... etc .
i am for all intents and purposes an american but because i still retain a lot of polish traits '' i personally consider myself this .
people who come straight from poland and become american citizens are most likely to call themselves polish rather than polish-american where as those born in the states with citizenship call themselves blank american .
i remember a kid from school who called herself russian all the time and russian-american but could n't speak more than 2 or 3 words in russian and was 100 to the tee american .
i do n't think even her parents spoke russian and only her mom came from polish heritage while her father was american .
you 're just plain old american with some russian genes .
so ... this is just my personal view on the matter .
for the most part it 's first-generation americans that call themselves blank american .
they often grow up in households that have traditions and languages of their family 's old home nation .
it is also a pride in their diversity and background .
get 60 liberator kills in a round while blowing a gorilla on an objective .
i see a lot of people commenting that the hot springs are not actually hidden . ''
i would n't recommend going to a hidden one .
i once read something where a couple went off the trail in an area with hot springs and came across a hot spring .
i male bent over to put his finger in the spring to see how hot it was he accidently fell in and burned to death .
what do you think i should do to improve ?
i 've been doing flashcards some uworld and the 100 p/s doc .
i have n't done the p/s sb will be doing those this week
a girl popping huge zits on her boyfriend 's back .
though i understand the reasons for it ending i will miss this podcast dearly .
let us not lament its passing let 's just be glad it ever was .
i 'm sure i will continue to relisten to the back catalogue for years to come .
unfortunately your post was removed because it does not comply with the following rule s
trolls sow discord by starting arguments or upsetting people by posting inflammatory extraneous or off-topic messages or by otherwise disrupting normal on-topic discussion .
posts will be removed and repeat offenders will be given a temporary ban .
if you believe a mistake was made please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcanada please include a link to the removed post .
you can view a complete set of our rules by visiting the rules page on the wiki r/canada/wiki/rules .
nfl teams were only recently informed that this old rule would actually start to be enforced so how is it that he and his agent would have known ?
also an offer from the nfl is very different from an offer to be an nfl hc .
he probably considers like most coaches that nfl hc is the best job a football coach can get .
hmmmm that play was way too complicated just to get it to brown
both f-84s are far too strong to face 7.0s but not strong enough to face 9.0 .
unfortunately gaijin has gone the route that makes everyone else suffer and not just f-84 pilots .
i mean they would eventually if they win enough ... .thankfully it wo n't come to that though .
for the moment it will be a desktop website pure and simple .
i have plans to do a mobile version as well as an android app version but not right now .
worse he murdered king renly in the most cowardly way possible .
just a suggestion ... but you really should seek out a therapist .
there 's a lot of anger and resentment built up in you .
i 'd guess because you so fucked up your life and have no balls to face that issue nor courage to change it that you want to drag down everything around you .
other than that you have n't an independent thought and are programmed to spout what you are told to believe .
thank you for your submission please remember to supply as many details you can .
these include if applicable size origin store and/or geographic location age and any writing on the item .
additional pictures can be added as a comment in this post .
whatever you 've googled/found already should be included to save time and effort .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/helpmefind if you have any questions or concerns .
unfortunately it has been removed as we do not allow voice assistant issues as they are frequently reposted .
attempts to circumvent automod will result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/softwaregore if you have any questions or concerns .
i actually liked all of the dlc maps to be honest especially the ones for shock operations .
the biggest problem i had was that there was n't a way to have a full rotation of the maps you would bounce back and forth between 2 operations and it got boring after awhile .
i hated having to go back to the main menu to join another server for a different set of maps .
shock operations solved that problem since there was just one playlist with multiple maps .
but that problem could have been easily solved if they would allow full control of custom servers owners could just put the operation maps they wanted .
i do n't doubt that he has he is very respectful at least .
it 's more about how he makes the same mistakes getting angry/overly defensive over legit criticism repeatedly even if he apologizes each time .
he has been doing this since the sans is ness video and while he has shown improvement in taking criticism it 's something that he still has n't fixed about himself after these years and it 's something that genuinely affects his content
i just do n't think at the playoff level it would at all .
but the gap between one of the playoff teams and you guys is pretty big .
i used to go there for band camp every year in high school and marched during the halftime of a troy game one year .
i think there should be a way for teams like you to get there but the gap in talent is pretty significant and you would have to be on the hottest run in the history of your program to beat a quarter final then semi final then final over what would be the top programs in the country .
i 'd guess that your dad used to smoke too
oh im guessing that drill was very well spaced .
in my mind it 's the difference between good idea bad execution '' and bad idea good execution ''
i 'm 35 and def has n't been in an issue in years .
the player labeled jesus '' in this gif has called himself god on numerous occasions .
i take it you 're still on season 4 ?
i use abilities with number keys and leave weapons as the fs since i always just use middle mouse wheel .
interesting i work with a ton of ees and never met one who 's also an electrician .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
i hope the football gods take all the points the texans should have scored and gives them to the seahawks .
did you read my comment ? ? ? ? ?
i said men and women of color not just black people .
there is immense evidence that black women and men are disproportionately jailed in our country .
it does weaken the nib i ca n't say how much variation as i have n't done this on a visconti nib yet but i would expect that the nib would still be less than semi flex as has been the case with other steel nibs i have done .
by giving voters in rural areas a louder electoral voice than voters who live in populated areas ?
you forgot the part where republicans take government entities that are efficient and try to sabotage them to fit their narrative of privitized is better '' .
like making the postal service fund retirements for employees that arent even born yet becuase they cant just admit that the usps is actually profitable !
never thought i 'd say this bit i 'm glad that kid killed himself
there 's a fuck ton on party platform standing room only tickets .
i see what getting at but for me and i think for others it 's partly do to it being the first in the series .
where we first got got our shit kicked in .
then dark souls comes along and built on top of that .
i feel that they dropped the ball with ds2 felt like they took a step back in development .
no disrespect in you liking it everyone has different taste but that 's just my opinion .
marriage issues unemployment and just life in general is hard right now .
i thought mist was very small raindrops like from a water fall
there could possibly be flavor text events like the hindenburg in vanilla
ofc its not worth that much and its triple t1 if you count atk speed that has just 1 tier but yeah deffo not worth that much but hey if anyone is willing to pay that till i manage to make a build arround it who am i to deny him/her right ?
ii.3 limit posting to once every two days 48 hours .
nice to see a center that 's fighting for rebounds against the enemy team
jokes on you he wo n't get any better now
is that not too easy for a bucket list ?
how will she sue you when you have her watch with evidence of her cheating ?
do you really think youll get your money back ?
or take her to small claims court to claim your cash .
lots of people will work longer and harder to increase salary from 50,000 to 60,000 .
nobody works longer hours to get from 50 million to 60 million .
currently profit incentive for drug production is well above the saturation point .
we can cut profits and still maintain the same productivity .
economics 102 everything you learned in 101 is misleading or just plain wrong .
nutritional deficiencies in animals and humans for that matter can be life threatening .
make sure you consult with and follow the advice of a board certified veterinary nutritionist to ensure your animals are getting a complete diet .
this comes up every time things do n't go alberta 's way .
today it 's more about poor choices both federal and albertan made for generations leading up to this point and the current low price of oil than anything else .
so blame ottawa '' for everything is both simplistic and shirks responsibility .
it 's better to focus on how to prevent this situation from happening again than stoke separatism .
albertan politicians who stoop to playing the separatist card should look to quebec 's separatist movement to see what the future holds .
is there some written rule to how much and is based on each subreddit ?
those typically have video of one player 's entire game .
the other thing i 've heard is to play the nhl video game in the mode where you play as a single player the whole time .
there 's an unwritten code to superficial interactions that most people just pick up .
but you 're developing some socially undesirable defense mechanisms and a therapist can help you redirect those to more socially desirable defense mechanisms .
i got accepted it when i joined like 4 minutes after they posted the tweet so i have no idea but hopefully they will though
smelled poopy walking out of a restaurant on 27th and vine about an hour ago too
i think that 's in relation to the police immediately rushed to the scene because it seemed like a fairly lengthy delay .
but it 's hard to tell how long they actually took .
either way i 'm okay with what happened to this guy .
if you 're in another country and violate their laws especially when being caught red-handed sexually assaulting a woman then you are at their discretion .
they can take gift subs from real viewers during bulk gifting .
when load times are an issue for you install onto the ssd .
if you have smaller games or games you do n't particularly care about the load time a hard drive will be fine .
seriously worth getting a large ssd these days and just putting all programs on it .
spinning hard drives are better suited for storage in my opinion .
if hillary embraced socialist policies she would have pulled in wisconsin and michigan .
probably florida too and at least would have faired a lot better in most midwestern states .
you can jump to a tired line but i 'm not .
lmao why do they think that would be a good idea to name it like that
california does not have stand your ground castle doctrine is common law .
can you imagine the shitstorm if it came out publicly that trump 's phone was being tapped ?
they need to keep the surveillance in the microwave where it belongs .
stupid fun will always put me in a good mood no matter how old i get .
i learned the hard way that if you got half of what you paid for it you 're doing well .
i 'd expect 800 900 on the really high end .
personally i 'm not a track guy but for a bianchi superpista i would n't pay over 600 for it .
getting to champ and all my rewards solo queuing .
on dutasteride and can confirm that my body hair is thinning all over
are you in college or thinking of swimming in college ?
that does n't necessarily line up with what i 've heard about the pen but best of luck ! !
it 's possible they 've changed manufacturing practices recently and are now committed to more qc .
unfortunately there are n't any colleges willing to accept a fifteen year old these days .
i 've got an overall bad relationship w my parents but i 'm just gon na chill and do my best to get out of there in a few years .
i do n't know how anyone can think we ca n't use a guy who is worth 2-3 war if healthy .
if you want to base a nonhuman culture off of humans do it only with a western culture .
i take a hair skin and nails formula that 's got folic acid in it as well and is probably just pre natals but they make a huge difference .
niga seariously need to take a break from shooting up .
those symptoms are your body 's way of telling you you ned to give it a brake if you continue you can make it worse .
you need to give your body some time to recover .
love his style of running and with the line play he 's been able to use strengths and make some big plays
alright mate whatever i dont really give a fuck i 'll think what i want and you can think what you want
they stickied the post for the christmas eve movie marathon and made hosted it on rab.it
do n't worry i 've gotten ten liches and zero double sockets
have n't tried this method but my therapist has me do worksheets .
they work and i 'll use them for anxiety and my cognitive distortions .
they obviously did n't watch the magic schoolbus ... .
i 've been learning japanese with a tutor for about a year .
i 'm doing well enough but i ca n't imagine trying to learn completely on my own even with all the internet resources we have now .
i 'd love any tips you have for how you learned
i 'm starting to use vader more do you have any general tips/advice for him ?
the seahawks are going to lose because brian nepotism does n't know what a first down passing play is .
im looking more for recommendations of what radios might work for my application .
in the us it 's a polite but not expected gesture to hold the door if someone 's coming out right behind you .
it is expected to at least hold it long enough for them to get their hand on it so it does n't smack em in the face .
i 'm assuming op just did n't stop to hold it .
z u c c the thoughts from your brain into the adatabase
yes get her flowers and stop being an assholes .
great if you figure out how to set that in the xml let me know i tried it a couple ways and failed .
i prefer actual books there is nothing like the weight feel and smell of a book .
i find if i 'm on kindle i tend to retain less as well
the pixel 3 has a single rear facing camera .
all of the extra magic is done in software .
with some that nonsensical comment asserting sites will arbitrarily employ censorship because someone '' was upset in order to appease investors .
i ca n't find the article anymore but a few months ago while reading about the eu copyright directive this was a point being made during the debate .
it 's not something i pulled from my ass .
legal liabilities do impact how community guidelines are designed and enforced .
advertisers ' opinion of the content their ads are displayed with also have influence .
a website 's choice to allow adult content to allow sharing images to allow political content or allow psuedonyms or demand verification of identity etc all come down to their perception of how risky those things are .
i see sections titled causes of action '' where they tie the functioning of a website to legal language that might be relevant to product liability like defect in manufacture '' .
linking the two together is something the lawyer is creating it 's not like its set in stone ?
many of the points are fair i wo n't deny that .
but is it right to oversubscribe and bend a law like this ?
if product liability has never been applied to a website before and that 's the whole reason for the controversial nature of this case according to the experts then why should you expect me to find something showing that in fact product liability laws do neatly address issues related to websites ?
because you want someone else to read 71 pages of information about the case and summarize it for you in a manner that supports your beliefs .
the document you linked has 43 pages not 71 .
if you just say here you go here 's reference material '' instead of making a point that 's a douche move in an online discussion and i 'm inclined to think its you who did n't read .
right now there is a lot of backlash against social media .
some of it is very justified but a lot of things people act surprised over are things a reasonable adult could have anticipated .
maybe not this particular case but others could be far less justified .
a bowl game and a flipping bowl win would be really solid .
if neal can work some magic with the next qb then we could be decent .
should be able to look at the media info of the file to see all of the video/audio encoding .
hey guys rubber gloves work just as good as pet hair grabbers etc .
all you have to do is get the hair loose by wiping with your gloved hand in one direction then you can easily vacuum .
oh ok. is there a place for them online or am i on my own ?
mas sayang ang oras kung wala ka namang motivation at pagod ka na mag-aral meaning mas higher ang chances na babagsak ka so you still have to repeat subject/s which will cost time as well .
if i were you i 'd rather take even just 1 sem off to unwind to gather motivation to think and gather my thoughts .
and if i think i 'm ready then i 'll enroll in a course that i feel comfortable in .
honestly the ayokong mag-aral gusto ko lang ng diploma '' mindset really needs to stop .
and so is forcing yourself to go to school even if you yourself do n't want to .
so you could be allowed to make your own full auto by spending a few hundred bucks and filling out some forms ?
i see that phrase bandied around when referring to bad mods but i 'm not sure what it means .
thanks very much for the reply and for sharing your situation .
i very much hope it works out for you and you 're able to follow your desired career path while not having to stress about your little girl 's care .
so what you 're saying is you like honey ?
just kidding i loved that place when i was in savannah !
i remember reading theories that they can see infrared light or something like that so all trail cams and the like would be obvious for them
and 14th the old hellgate social pop bar has jazz on thursdays 7-10
u did n't turn on the notification bell that 's a nono
please do n't go into school treating girls like objects .
they 're actually really nice and they got into rowan same as you .
they are people and they do n't want you staring at them like meat .
your submission shutdown spares federal park rangers at site in trump 's washington hotel was automatically removed because l.facebook.com is not on our approved source whitelist https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist .
r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source .
be notable as defined by our domain notability guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist .
notable domains will consist of news organizations research organizations political advocacy groups governmental agencies bodies and political parties .
contain articles videos or sound-clips relevant to current us politics
contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source .
be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey .
if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us .
however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account .
if you submit a spam domain via the form your account may be reported to the site administrators .
to submit a domain for approval use this form https goo.gl/forms/lrqika1ri0bvbkcl1 and follow the instructions provided
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
actually any time i 've had my switch in public someone ends up asking me about it because they or their kid someone they know etc is interested in one and they want to watch me play .
vs hedorah did n't know what the hell was going on just liked it cause godzilla was there
how you gon na fold paper without looking at all ?
i 'm a former jw too and the only thing that was cult like for me was the way they basically required members to shun those who left the church .
i 'm the opposite if my team picks irelia in her current state i become one sad boy .
heads up linking a pdf on mobile makes those users automatically download the file without a permission prompt
i 'd still go for any stem degrees if i were you .
while you might not feel it now pero andaming missed opportunities kapag walang degree .
tell that to a martian and they 'll give you a makeover a big blue eye !
stating that there are many people that do that .
i do n't say they all did or even that most of them .
why ca n't you have a conversation without trying to spin it ?
yeah that 's my point but the media players and some fans here said last year that ‘you have to earn it ' etc etc when he clearly should have been in that all star team especially after the injuries to starters .
i just find it interesting that there is n't the same noise around luka .
obviously he 's a very good player but i 'm curious if it 's because he shoots 3 's ?
you should be able to handle your gf telling you something vague like australians are hot . ''
it does n't mean she is n't attracted to you also .
your reaction was immature and at your age she was probably surprised at your reaction .
unless i could just use zip file type but with a custom extension ?
java jar files and android apk files are examples of that .
how is insisting that a specific form of brexit is presented to the people a shuffling of goalposts ?
the whole problem we have at the moment is the non-specific nature of the 2016 referendum question leading to such confusion now .
it 's from invidia the latin word for envy .
i think she is dreaming of being an olympic diver 😁
my uncle sent me a picture of a girl in a hospital bed with a message that said that everytime the picture gets sent she get 1 towards a kidney replacement .
it most likely wo n't especially if you 're in first year .
grad school is n't only about marks in fact it 's generally a relatively small component at least in my experience in sciences .
you 'll probably get grades like this again but do n't sweat it .
many people do and all that matters is not to ruminate on it and to try harder or differently next time .
i got a 42 on my first chem exam when i was in first year .
it was terrifying and unexpected but it has worked out .
i wan na see alaska and sharon finally compete on the same season .
did it with star power but im planning to get him to 600
if you are so obsessed with a character being exactly the same color or sex as you are otherwise it will irreversibly damage your psyche forever ruining movies for you then that 's on you .
simple fact of the matter is you see what there is most of in movies .
in this country that is white people just like if you watched a bollywood movie that would be indians .
superheroes have historically been something that mainly males were interested in because it appeals to their masculinity and the inherent need to feel like a hero .
that is changing in this day and age with more females interested and it 's being shaped to add them in .
but if you have to factor in color or sex into whether or not you can admire a characters substance then that 's extremely shallow .
habitica is a great app that sets up your habits and routines with an rpg twist to it .
from a slightly different perspective i remember growing up and observing the kids who had one parent in and one out .
they were always edgier and we 're never as spiritual as the kids with both parents in .
and sooner or later usually when they became teenagers they all disappeared from the meetings .
when they become teenagers and want to have fun they always go to the parent who will let them .
i wonder what owls look like on their planet ?
when a president like trump erodes his own benefit to his allies enough eventually it starts to tip the scales and you may see the politics hit a new equilibrium where enough of those former allies do n't see it as in their interest to align with him anymore .
and politicians love keeping their jobs and having more colleagues in their caucus to network and make policy with .
the 2018 midterms showed them that this is probably not something trump is doing for them especially in increasingly-important suburban districts that swung to dems in 2018 .
what would they gain by standing up to him ?
well the earliest person to stand up gets remembered for having a backbone .
this could set off a wave of politicians wanting to become part of that group because they like their jobs and being known for having backbone can get you re-elected .
congressional republicans were there for him until suddenly they were n't .
often social systems that seem stable are actually only what social scientists call pseudo-stable and can change dramatically and unexpectedly despite seeming locked in a stable status quo .
this is what happened with the arab spring and lebanon 's civil wars .
are the current gop pols so spineless or compromised that this is n't a real option to them like their predecessors in the nixon era ?
but if not look out for us hitting the tipping point .
shit i 'm going to have to talk to people on tuesday .
like for instance if i wanted them to come up to my apartment or something when i check out an order it gives me a space to say ring up to 2b '' or something .
similar thing or do they allow you to have like set delivery instructions ?
the whole when to stop playing is kind of a grey line but it 's more so just do n't be a dick if you can help it not that i 'm saying you are
then i went thru my first semester of law school .
it 's a prescription ant seizure/nerve pain medication that 's also used for anxiety as it increases gaba .
i felt a little spacey at first put not high .
anxiety is reduced at 100 mg or so for me and i 've tried as high as 1800 mg for insomnia but it does n't really help my insomnia .
when i take it now i feel no effect i just do n't get anxious .
i was thinking of the cut short show new amsterdam the one from 2008 not the current one .
it even starts in the same time period the early 1600s .
is that his baby or has a woman supposedly joined this path of doom along side this disabled soddington disabled not as an insult but as a descriptor of what this man is not sure if that clarification was necessary but from what twitter scandals have taught me clarify even if it means you have to send two or more posts to get your message accross .
shit that was a tangent too good to be deleted for the betterment of getting my point across .
but anyway continuing from disabled soddington ca n't believe i found an excuse to use that term again oh goody for a lack of an emoji .
so my main question is what is the the origin of that mans facial expression who is also disabled but that should n't define him as a person .
not this again matilda i ca n't stand having to let the baby see me so powerless to fucking trolleys '' or is it why is this whore taking a picture of me '' the hostility probably stemming from an internal realization that that woman has indeed been fucked and he shall probably never engaged in such a pleasure at least not how he 'd like to .
i 'd like to point out how i did n't wish to 'severely ' offend any disabled people but comedy must prevail and some will fall victim i dream of a world where i do not need to make such calrifications but unlike that man many peoples disabilities lie in not that of the physical
i feel so bad for her kids they 're so embarrassed by this shit .
do n't use google translate for looking up words .
there are a lot of example sentences on jisho.org so you can better grasp nuance .
what 's with the super large soles on the shoes ?
try the doki doki rainclouds mod from sayori 's perspective
extract files and put them in the game folder of doki doki literature club .
is there a reason you 'd have to be picked up at the pole rather than riding back from it ?
i have to second another person here by saying she may be bipolar .
a lot of her behaviors are similar to what my own mother does .
i really want them to have their own codex .
if you get a tax refund you can calculate withholdings to get a small refund but higher current paychecks .
if you owe taxes at the end of the year then that 's a different issue .
but wow that difficult is too much for me i 'll give a try but ...
i think you are thinking about this the wrong way you should be happy for your friends that they have been put into a good unit i know you feel like you were n't good enough but we all walk different paths in our lives .
you 'll get where you need to be and you 'll do it in your own way at the end of the day you 'll get better experience from being in your current unit than in theirs .
if you were annoying them i 'm sure they would tell you but it 's never a good idea to burn bridges that you may need to walk one day .
in short be happy for them do n't be jealous you 've got this you 'll do it in your own way .
when i have babies i 'm locking them in cages until they earn their own freedom
i came to the same conclusion after the third time reading it took about the same amount of time .
since you do n't have alot of asw plane i suggest you to use 2 oasw ships instead of one during the chipping phase
unfortunately the fish department at petsmart is about as low as you can go before you reach bedrock aka walmart where all the goldfish are sleeping '' most of the time .
we have had a lot of fun making them .
if they see you just run to a vent and hide there 's less penalty for that than if you wasted time reloading a save when you were found .
plus if the humans start showing the alien will just come in and wreck their shit which you can use to your advantage .
alright thanks for giving me some direction appreciate it !
or tag team matches with 3 rangers to use a megazord ultimate ?
sinking two carriers would end china as a global player for a good long time .
that 's debatable may be a case with guys you know but to say most men i do n't know if that 's even prove-able
i would n't even watch law and order svu if i didnt hear that sick ass fuckin song .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
it 's not next to the chatbox it 's in the chatbox .
... nitro gift button that is placed in the text box ... the button is located on the right side of the chat box next to the emoji button .
this https i.imgur.com/yr9tuos.png is how much room you have with the users tab open and the discord app window as small as you can make it .
i do n't know about you but i click towards the left/middle of the chat box .
if the gift box was such an issue then the emoji button should have been an issue too but you do n't see anyone complaining about it .
secondly to say that people are only mad about it because it 's change '' is just retarded ... and so on
i do n't know how long you 've been on this earth but i 've been here long enough and have used a lot of software to get into this mindset where little changes bother me .
it was a fairly significant change to the look feel and functionality of chrome .
after a week or two i got used to it and got over it .
however after some time people stopped caring and got used to it .
there is a big difference between changes that slightly modify app functionality and changes that break the app or make the app completely unusable .
you seem to be how i used to be when i had nothing else to do absolutely infuriated with everything and trying to take sides just to talk to people and spark debate .
it 's not necessarily wrong because it 's good to want to debate and have civil conversations with people but if you want to be respected and have a good conversation i suggest you take the rude sarcasm out of your messages .
if i lived in the 1600s i 'd be dead now so i 'll go with poor man living today .
you 're talking to a scammer not the woman in the picture .
the bos is not lore-breaking that 's a common misconception .
it was controversial to put them in the game i give you that but it is properly explained to fit the lore .
this is from someone who actually knows the lore .
i also think it 's partly to do with the fact that the person i am interested in at any given moment never seems as enthusiastic as i am about the possibility ... one of the things i hate most is giving my all and putting out a ton of energy/effort and not getting anything in return .
i also think it 's rare to find someone who can really see me for me .
i love the people who can appreciate my quirky positives qualities and who are n't afraid to call me out on my equally quirky negative ones .
soccer fans use soccer player name to by pass some of the filters .
breaking up a censored word in to different part is also popular .
i know this might seem like terrible taste but we could also move the comma to describe him at parties .
why are you getting this angry over a minor understandable misunderstanding ?
sometimes people will misunderstand you even when you might feel you were clear does n't mean they 're some disgusting failure of sapient life .
nobody wants your fucking lighter with a nerf case you scummy worker-abusing piece of shit
yeah i 'm pretty sure she was the exact ghost out of the three as well .
also i would take it simply to remove my shadow as a rogue .
i 'm positive not all of alabama is like that .
never tried it myself but flask of fire plus throwing blades can supposedly kill anything in about 3 seconds so maybe some sort of archer build based around that .
i love honchkrow i 'm planning on using a choice band/scarf set on the battle tree or on battle spot .
would love to see some more of your legs !
man it 's impressive how tall these phones are getting .
you just stomp on the brakes which i find stupid .
i generally love platformers in general and mario in praticular and even though the new auper mario series is getting a bit stale people say this game is the best in the series so maybe it will be worth it .
it kind of sucks knowing i 'm facilitating pricey ports but i do want to play the game .
to prevent the fabric around the pocket from creasing while being handled in shipping and such .
that 's why you use trustworthy generic play store mirroring sites like apkmirror .
they do n't host just runescape in particular they host all app files on the play store unaltered .
it 's never okay to belittle someone you claim to love by calling them stupid and dismissing their feelings .
never heard it called that always calked it leeds market .
no other markets in the centre unless i 'm mistaken .
did n't need a guild but could have and use one if you wanted .
now if only we can get the bardic skills ...
i took notes but did not use them at all .
i think answering the questions as you go helps but there is just too much information for it to be a good study guide .
my ethic and quant notes were over 40 pages .
after you do some questions you should be able to pinpoint what you need to work on
i 'd say it 's more simple than that .
some people do n't like the particular changes that happened .
there was some small game mod or something i got into an argument with the dev a long while ago that seems relevant .
none of the other campaigns for game work like that for a reason .
it 's a dumb idea for the reasons i stated .
sometimes being unique just means you 're a screwup .
there 's no way those long parchments are holding her up .
her personality is far more important than her posture but she deserves to have more confidence in herself and her body
that is true though are any babies being named it ?
maybe it should be in the uk section as it 's still way too old lady to catch on here i think in the same vein as the others listed .
i get a little frustrated with not getting any 4/5 units but when i think about it i have some good characters like diene ravi from rerolling for a week w. schuri husbando yufine .
what makes me happy is not by getting all 4/5 units but by seeing my favorite units growing upgrading their gears from low stats to abnormally high stats like 10k hp or 3k atk it 's like seeing your friend who was weak and now became a tough one by helping him/her out .
i think for your question about the motivation to play is me wanting to see my fav characters grow for enjoyment is probably farming catalyst .
yes catalysts ' drop rate are low but for me it 's worth the sweat i get lazy on the way but once i 've reached the amount to awaken/skill enhance i definetly get happy .
eh i quit playing after about 30 minutes and went back to oblivion due to skyrim feeling bland overly hand-holdy and the leveling system being dull and not fun to me .
i just assumed that red had a plan in place and just has n't executed it yet .
i mean in-verse it 's been less than a day has n't it ?
wait so being gay and taking it in the ass regularly causes constant pain ?
the ragbl tag team of autobita establishing human relations sounds like the first transformers movie
hint2 that close flag is the flag of the top-level administrative division this is in .
the post has already been removed so you should probably just censor the username and re-upload .
rent yes as what we are getting out of it is the ability to pay off our mortgage faster .
they can stay literally forever as far as we are concerned .
i should point out that she is divorcing my cousin cuz he has made moronic choices and the kids are my god-kids and i have already once accepted the legal responsibility of caring for the kids as in both of their parent 's wills the kids will go to me if both parents are dead or unable to care for the children .
so needless to say the kids are my personal top priority here .
we were buying a house for ourselves and this divorce kinda sprung up and we found a house that was weirdly perfect to allow us to give the kids a home where their parents arent fighting all the time .
our main goal was to get a house for us as we do not like the restrictions we have renting right now .
that 's not actually an answer to the question .
i really like the idea and the team.blockchain based platform is the best.then it will be more expensive !
i think anti-vaxxers know this but the risk of '' the autism '' '' is too high
watched both cant link mal but got any other ideas ?
i think tonari-kun is the opposite of what i want the whole show was their relationship drama and they kissed once in the first episode .
are your running the modem and router on a loaded power strip ? ?
meaning tons of devices connected to one outlet or ... .
for me it was anarchy acres it was just quiet and not too many good players and i became really disappointed when they changed it to lazy links
second archive goes up to 400 slots in jp .
i do n't know how many na has but if it 's less than that then yes .
i do n't think you needed to mention any of those things .
was actually some of the best writing i 've read in years .
it is nothing like anything i 've read before .
i run it on best graphic quality with 1440 and generally get 180-200 fps .
i 've been using it for a few years mainly for having a physical us address to forward over my us banking related stuff and the odd package .
theres 0 proof other then him previewing it on his instagram but that was only cuz the label took his so he was using thugs for a bit .
insert a joke here about launching a squadron of fighters when cv rework goes live
and who did n't want to pay to play politics even though they could afford it but the revolution cost far more .
that 's partly why their demands were n't taken seriously until too late. people just assumed they were the equivalent of champagne socialists .
doesnt surprise me at all destiny is a piece of shit that would drive drunk
come on now how am i supposed to enjoy my binge watching if i do n't here the yu-gi-oh intro every episode ?
ano editování se věnuji už rok.😂 a jestli to mám brat jako pochvalu tak děkuju ! 💙😂
you ca n't forget the other visible letter i '' .
next to the i '' looks like a beach .
i just wanted her to adorn the nun garb 😔
dogs and other animals ca n't be evil no human is truly innocent except the very young .
i 'd rather save a being incapable of an evil or malicious act than something corruptible .
you do n't get taxed on salary that goes straight into a pension pot which increases the return you get on your money .
i tried to google it but i suppose either i 'm low on caffeine or it 's a kind of forum-type rpg ?
ironically for me the low console price is n't an advantage but a disadvantage .
if consoles were priced as let 's say upscale smart phones so around 700-1000 but had better cpus which allowed 60 or more fps and maybe ssds they 'd become a serious alternative and i 'd consider abolishing my pc maybe .
i am playing from the couch on a oled tv already but play most games except a few ps4 exclusives on pc for fidelity reasons .
games are cheaper on pc and there are more places to get them .
remain had a big lead at the end of 2017 but it closed up again then reopened after the wa
more attack speed helps me alot in these kind of situations
i 'd say wulfs connectivity mod is essential if you want to do multiplayer
they 're harder to get to on account of the tsa being at work .
i do n't love vigilante justice and i 'd fucking love if none of us had to do that shit .
also i 'd love to move to a country where vigilante justice is unneccessary but sadly justice system doesnt work in most countries including mine .
people get frustrated with it and then you get vigilantes .
i dont condone people killing other people because they 're trespassing or stealing some shit i 'm looking at you americans but people who kill other people 's pets have a special place in hell and they can burn in it immediately .
we can hope the cop called the other one in to a different cop who was ahead of them
being on top of an airship as well there 's no guarantee katara could metal bend so definite win for suyin
what kind of legitimate argument can the ref assoc use to back up those terrible calls ?
they need to cede to the people and acknowledge the greater problem .
i definitely come to this sub just to see posts like this ...
they are making 5/6 different variants of the gtx 1160 starting up a gtx lineup along with an etc lineup and basically multiplying the amount of cards they have by like 10 .
they are literally competing with themselves over the smallest changes .
meanwhile and got some big boy leaks for their new gpus and cpus thoughts ?
did n't realise the soup dragon was so racist .
fairy in bottle is a bad idea you ca n't slot it until it gets way cheaper 1 accessory you should get is a matyr leash .
then the 2nd one would be any of either str ring brooch rosary flower ring .
the important thing here is to buy accessories you can slot as you will need double kobold cards for both accessories .
going the fib way is pointless if your crit rate is way too low to matter .
a friend of mine that is a agi lk as well does lower dps than me when he already has fib and me with a brooch and a matyr leash but both have kobold cards .
same thing i suggest for other agi lk is to look for either a brooch str ring matyr leash flower ring or a rosary with atleast 5 damage total atleast 2.5 melee then 2.5 or higher from dmg increase or get an accessory with a flat melee damage 5 sharp blade 2
i 've yet to post or create a video for a guide on gear progression for agi lk but will do some editing soon to get it done .
agi is too high you can get aspd from other sources including upgrading your noble wristguards and foods .
you will also hit the aspd cap when you are in a party with a priest and use a grade agi food .
vit for me is useless i can tank and dps at the same time at 90f with 0 vit but its a matter of how you do it .
while you do get 1 atk per 1 vit you get more value from str for more damage you get 2 atk per 1 luk once you hit job breakthrough .
luk at your current level is okay but higher would be better when you get lv11 aura blade it provides 2 atk per 1 luk
gear progression is important for our class while the starter set is now cheap holy avenger is at 1.8m to 2m each
blueeve cape and beast heart is cheap as well .
i 'd want to see your full set including your adventurer book to see what would be the next best thing to focus your funds on .
here 's a vid https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=0ewynptqqsa https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=0ewynptqqsa of me before upgrading my gear with the stats gear runes at the end .
gear is not much with badges only at 80 and 60k contri but its good enough to do 2 roles tank and dps in one go .
unless is just for storage like for movies or pics then hdd as you will get more space
if that great nan is n't the cutest thing i 've seen this year then tickle me undies
when a roast using ted talks is the best one here 😂
that 's weird ... im on the oneplus 3t and did n't lag at all 😂
http www.morningshow.net/jim http www.morningshow.net/jim actually has a lot of different things like beds audio clips to be used with a foreground noise like a voice can be found in music and many different media files .
i do n't know why you 're being downvoted but i did n't know he was in the game .
i 've been using tinder now and again to meet people as you are way less likely to get unsolicited nudes i do feel soulless reducing a person to a left and right swipe though
be prepared to feel like you 're a helpless dude/dudette while investigating some really cool storylines .
but i love it because the deck building is awesome .
you get to optimize quite a bit more than ah .
my 2 cents my casual friends prefer ah lcg because it does n't require a lot of deck construction .
it 's really fun and frustrating at the same time .
i personally prefer lotr because i love deck construction and it 's satisfying to beat a scenario with your own deck .
1 mom until kick off and kayo still says starting soon .
i think m4a stands for male for apache attack helicopter .
to put it short no piercing should ever be done with a gun .
the gdp is half only when comparing ppp figures for nominal figures the gdp is more like 1/5th .
this is where i 'm trying to get that i do n't feel that ppp is being calculated correctly .
infrastructure is not built overnight it requires years of work and billions of investments .
it 's not easy to do in a country that barely got out of extreme poverty .
agree but on the same note most western european countries have built most of their infrastructure in one or two decades hell even hitler built more than like 30 of german motorways .
since 2000 romania built only around 650kms and considering the distances between major cities and i 'm only talking about cities over 100,000 we would need at least 2000 more kms to connect them all .
hell i think bucharest and sofia are the only eu capitals that are not connected to the others via uninterrupted motorways .
but if your food utilities and housing are paid for you 'll be able to afford to pay more taxes right ?
we are working on a 2th test phase wich we hope te release somewhere next week .
like i thought intelligence referred to iq and vice versa and that they were inseparable
the goldeneye n64 cartridge with pierce brosnan 's extra wide smirk .
unless you forget to say no homo of course .
as others have stated bring in proof of your last license and you will get credit for general .
pass the 35 question technician exam and you will be licensed as soon as the fcc shows you in the system with your new call .
they do n't send out paper licenses anymore so you have to go check online .
now depending on what your previous call was you might be able to get it back .
if it was a 1x3 a 2x3 or certain geographical 2x2 and is available you can request a vanity call of that call .
it is now free to do a vanity call .
for any other call you would have to upgrade to extra first .
a cat 's tail moving indicates frustration anger or tension .
a dog will see that as an invitation to play so kitty will fight .
exactly a slow night ... but 14 beers at 10 am in a spawn of 3 hours ?
the needle is a bit thicker then it should be
wish i could help you i bought the signs and letters plan and everything
there is 4 of that trays in the box .
lol so he took his barrier down to ult while the enemy rein was ulting then comes to reddit to complain about it
you keep breaking and making up and unless one of you has the strength to call time it 'll be an endless cycle .
the reasons for the splits are never resolved and by the sounds of it never will be .
kids and commitment are deal breakers you both have to be on the same page .
if you force yourself into settling and children you 're likely to end up resenting her .
if she forces herself into skipping kids she just might end up loathing you .
maybe not at first but it will gradually fester under the surface especially for a woman .
as a man you have the luxury of being able to change your mind at any point her fertility has an expiration date .
it 's a tough one because it sounds like you both are crazy about each other despite incompatibilities at foundation level
that whole record just sounds like the recording sessions must have been an insane coke fuelled shit show .
stores could/should start going after people for product tampering .
husband got up at 9.30 walked the dog got the paper and is having tea and toast in front of the telly .
has n't even been in to check on me and the baby who has been up all night coughing .
i swear to god each audio improves upon the last .
it 's a good job wrestlers do n't become football players afterwards they 'd dive all the time and the other team would be sent off with red cards in droves
i assumed that you want to be lvl 149 to optimally farm at bye bye station or is this not bye bye ?
the will i puke when i 'm out ? game is not something i miss having to play !
i ended up carrying around a roll of dog poop bags in my purse just in case .
in n out with your sister is popular in alabama
dont expect crazy performance from a 2 core cpu overall performance is probably going to be bottlenecked by it .
if u have the chance get your hands on an i5-8th gen those 6 cores save your ass
out of everything i just wrote you only focus on something i did n't even say to prove a point you know nothing about .
i was there this weekend too and grabbed almost the same picture .
the rusty hangers are an ideal background really make the colour of the porsche pop .
not everybody has that kind of spare time and the game shouremember the bugged level 100 ?
i would like to see a few more pics of the bike .
sinclair zx81 basic would be pretty sweet to convert to an emoji base .
those membrane keys were so horrible to type on that all the commands were tokenised as single key presses .
you 'd spend longer choosing which emoji to use for a particular token than anything else .
if you are simply posting a picture that you 've taken please see r/photographs .
if this is a question please use the official questions thread .
if this is a link to your site or to your video your post will not be approved self-promotion from brand new users is not allowed .
if this is a request for a critique please see r/photocritique .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photography if you have any questions or concerns .
victorian cast iron radiators https www.periodhousestore.co.uk/cast-iron-radiators.html helps you find some tips to style the home according to the season .
i was trying to say that leon is not a pedophile .
but that is the film the eye of the outsider the intentions of the characters are not like that .
i do n't think it 's illegal for a 5 year old to buy a twix .
every stand is unique to the user so i ca n't get this stand
it 's okay.. pee pee stands up from time to time
they have him for now before he requests another trade after imploding their team chemistry
i can flex my lower back muscles and crack my back sometimes .
good morning brian and thanks a lot for your answer !
i will gladly pay for your ebook once it is available on amazon fr .
please let me know when that 's the case .
and i wish your son all the best in his reading lessons !
does anybody know why these units had to be so long compared to some other na engines ?
i think they will just check for keywords in link with terrorism they do n't care about our personnal chat logs if we do n't talk about it .
bf5 and anything that was optimized for true 4k .
most games dont look significantly better on the one x though .
... i 'm not the only person noticing that they 're on the right not the left ... am i ?
i definitely do n't buy sweeper until i have my ward item but most games i 'm killing 2-3 control wards before then if i 'm not super babysitting my adc .
already has been since the will you subscribe if i get upvotes '' posts .
well this is a good question and all i can say is i do n't know .
but assuming there is some all powerfull being that knows everything about me it should know what i would accept as evidence .
david hume was the man and i mean that in the good way not the bad way .
a lot seems to have changed since i played it ...
meeeest i appreciate the input but u post here because i know the yt notifications are very broken .
also i ca n't speak for others but i do n't flood '' this sub with videos and i make sure what i do release is quite .
i love it when you call me big globey .
you ca n't make an omelette without shooting a few horses .
there 's also primal groudon and shaymin/giratina 's platinum forms
i just do n't see how city can play with 2 offensive as fuck midfielders in david silva and kdb and we ca n't even play one offensive coutinho
it 's because of their winger 's workrate when it comes to tracking back and pressing .
our wings are usually dembele/messi/couts they do n't even come close to the work off the ball sane/sterling/mahrez/silva put in .
city 's first line of defence their front 3 is really good defensively meaning their second line of defence their midfield does n't have to be as defensive minded .
our first line of defence is pretty poor for a top club which means our midfield has to be more balanced to make up for our forwards ' lack of defensive workrate .
it 's a joke how little messi and dembele press/track back compared to wingers at other top clubs but they make up for it with their offensive output .
well that was towards your first reply were you changed what you said .
my point from the start was not that i specifically replied to you but that many people are claiming this about g2 due to 2 midlaners .
this looks more like a xenoblade chronicles than a breath of the wild though .
thinking about it i really wouldnt mind if we adopted koreas system of requiring your social security number to make an account .
it would limit botters and hackers and thus also limit nexon 's need for insane hack detection like we have now in gms .
sure you might be giving up a bit of privacy but how the fuck will nexon knowing who i am impact my daily life .
if that 's the tradeoff to not living in fear of getting false positive 'd i 'll take it in a heartbeat .
i have the same feeling as you because i 'm not very good online .
personnally i watch a lot of video as tutorial and mechanic of the game to improve my knowledge of the game .
you can also analyse vidéo of pro-player to analyse the move-set combos and how to go off-stage .
the izawsmash channel on youtube has a lot of character tutorial very insteresting https www.youtube.com/channel/uc3sm8yokkwu8pyqwsnp5rga https www.youtube.com/channel/uc3sm8yokkwu8pyqwsnp5rga
the beefy smash doods channel has more explanation about the méchanics of the game https www.youtube.com/channel/uceceq4sz1nnk4wn3z4ozk2w https www.youtube.com/channel/uceceq4sz1nnk4wn3z4ozk2w
one really important is about di and lsi https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ss6jjza6vpm https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ss6jjza6vpm
it 's very important to go on training mode to practice the combos of your character and to train to short hops and fast fall .
when you are able to do them easily try to do them online but it 's very difficult at start to make a combo on real condition .
do n't get discouraged and start training again and again .
a help to those of us that dont want some dog running and barking against us '' ?
zeke went from a bad dentist trip to the chopping block of a busy chinese restaurant .
i 'm a socially anxious extrovert but it 's gotten slightly better in the past year .
i realised i feel a lot happier when i allow my extroverted self to be honest with who i am .
and life is short and stuff i want to be happy .
in many situations i 'm still super anxious but i forgive myself for that and move on .
i 'll update your flair to reflect your new count .
how hes gotten a job in the bbl i 'll never know .
i love how being 5'3 is genetically gifted in bb .
surely not because they would like to abuse their power s
if u speak english and german u speak 85 dutch too
there are many possible causes porn idiosyncratic masturbation anxiety medications neurological issues ugly wife syndrome etc .
she emotionally abused him for three years that 's not just one mkstake .
he 's definitely well within his rights to tell her to fuck off if she 's contacting him again .
i think the human psyche is geared to watch amazing people push themselves to the limits of combat.. been happenin forever .
more active on ig but kutkraft is my handle on twitter too
i usually run 3-4 accounts by default like i never login to a single account after so many years .
i get constant dc cl and various minor bugs .
i often have 3 accounts running ok and one totally bugged .
quite often a mouse cursor is getting locked in one of the clients and i need to force session refresh to unlock it .
local missing on half of my clients is something normal this days .
rubber banding ... i love landing on the same gate for the 4th time or getting a warp tunnel between empty systems ... and seeing on 2nd account the 1st account sitting on the gate totally targetable ... i love how i can warp this first account back to citadel the one in warp tunel just to dock and wait this fucking countdown there .
no eve is not bugged ... it is bugged as hell .
so does that mean that anyone who criticizes ... let 's say ... hitler or stalin or mao or trump is afraid of men ?
lol these types of arguments are literal fallacies of the highest order .
i 'm not buying any more synths i have enough . ''
i did ask my mom but she also thought my brother had made it lol and my mom does like yard sales but this thing was not something anyone would buy it was obvious a second grader made it lol
not to the point that you ca n't do anything against them anymore .
late game kassa is that strong that you can not win againt him no matter what you do once he passes a certain point .
it should be hard to win against his late not impossible .
they may as well add to his passive that he auto wins the game at minute 30 it has the same outcome and feels less frustrating to play against .
cause i know where to get loads of it .
my mum 's colleague goes on a disney holiday every year by taking out a loan .
i said why not just skip it one year and not need to borrow money ?
but the fact is it 's so easy to borrow that they do n't see it as a problem .
i love to travel but i 'd never borrow money to do it .
i get the meme of low bass mixing and all but dyer 's eve is literally the hardest bass song in the series
rob biernacki has some stuff on this leg pummelling floating passing in his modern leglock formula series the passing a leg locker '' disc
in my first cs course i did n't understand anything .
i just bs 'd my way though all the projects up until the final project .
i then realized that it was no longer possible and went to the teacher for help .
never seen a man so confused on how i made it that far .
hope its good quality because honestly tthe repetitive font behind image is starting to get stale
honestly they 're how most people would act if they were thrown in to an issekai world .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
why are they surprised that 90 days is so short once they get here ? ! ?
no but neither are the ones for passports or licenses ... but these ones look distinctly like mug shots and not unfortunate id photos
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
those are their own plan and i think it actually is metal signs .
if i had seen this a few minutes earlier i had a spare set i just got rid of .
there are more and better quality sources of reporting now than there have ever been .
it 's entirely on you if you lack the capacity to determine the difference between a reliable publication and a tabloid or between the op-ed section and the reporting section and it is your own fault if your inability to make that distinction leads you to believe that news 'has become opinions . '
if you do n't want opinions do n't read the opinion pages .
4 of my friends quit already 2 new have started playing .
i do n't see as many high levels in my world 's but certainly more new players .
cops bitch and moan they do n't get paid enough for how dangerous '' the job is among other things they constantly complain about .
when there is literally dozens of other jobs that pay less and are more dangerous .
soldiers who are in far greater danger get paid much less in fact .
ok. go be a lumberjack make half as much .
i 'm saying they are complaining about something despite the fact they have it a lot better than many other jobs .
also they do n't seem to know what they are doing since they leaked their whole user database on their launch day https techcrunch-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/techcrunch.com/2018/10/15/donald-daters-a-dating-app-for-trump-supporters-leaked-its-users-data/amp ? amp_js_v=a2 amp_gsa=1 usqp=mq331aqecafyaq 3d 3d referrer=https 3a 2f 2fwww.google.com amp_tf=from 20 251 24s ampshare=https 3a 2f 2ftechcrunch.com 2f2018 2f10 2f15 2fdonald-daters-a-dating-app-for-trump-supporters-leaked-its-users-data 2f
no what we really need is to stick the fucker in watership down
yeah i went to jail i can assure you they dont have any of that nice shit lol
no need to pretend like girls are n't into this shit that just makes us less likely to talk to you let alone join your campaign .
sahbabii chief keef obviously carti would say young thug but after 2018 i do n't think i want to hear anything from him again .
would never happen in a million years but i 'd love to hear uzi and bladee collab
cant believe people genuinely want to hear travis scott juice wrld and future collabs could n't think of anything more boring
this will be a war of extermination and momentous massacre which will be spoken of like the tartar massacre or the crusader wars . ''
i 'm glad you were finally able to get help .
love derrick and would say he is the best at the game out of the people on here but i think he played too good of a game on his first season to be able to win again .
people wo n't trust him and he 'll be targeted early .
someone like hayden who was loyal to the people he was loyal to and never really had to make any huge moves would have a better chance of winning again .
tell her not to take how you are feeling personally as it has nothing to do with her and everybody has stuff going on in their lives .
people seem to forget the hulk tore apart the hulkbuster suit on the first attempt and stark had to replace it by asking veronica to send another one .
yes hulk was thrown down the building but he actually got up but wanda 's spell wore off at that point and he was not in combat mode when he was knocked out .
and i do n't really think stark went toe to toe '' with thanos .
thanos was basically toying with him and caught off guard by starks ' different weapons but ended up just had a scratch on his face .
remember tony was wearing the same suit when he got his asses kicked by cull obsidian and would probably be knocked out if spider-man and later wong did not arrive in time to save him .
hulk was knocked out clean by thanos without the power stone being used but thanos at least considered it was worth his time to kick his butt for an exercise .
all that to say hulk was n't as weak as it seemed even in the mcu and the nano suit was not as powerful as it seemed .
no one is safe but the good young draftees from last year like minkah and baker primarily because they are cheap talent .
we are going into a rebuild and that typically means that any asset with significant value will be on the trading block .
you ca n't consider yourself not bad if you are below the average player .
just look up the ratings mate and stop lying to yourself .
there 's actually a post on r/nfl about how the refs made the right call
it 's honestly so nice to see the guys showing emotion instead of just acting like they ca n't feel anything or even care to be there
i would feel better if i were only with one or two people until in a committed relationship so that 's a possiblity .
when mexico england sends its people they 're not sending their best .
they 're sending people that have a lot of problems and they 're bringing those problems with us ...
only time he was n't was during tank metas like 2016 spring .
and even then he went to msi and got fucking dumpstered .
where did russ hit him in the face there ?
how convenient of you to reinforce my initial point lmao
and the complete absence of any reasonable plan to supply water to the area in the near future .
hopefully it 'll be more blade runner 2049 than mad max but we 'll see .
it 'll be difficult to find someone who wants to fuck the surface of the moon but if you do at least they can pick any one of the craters on your face
just imagine if that girl in orange swung her arm back after taking that photo and hit the trigger hand of the other one ...
i would never joke about something as serious as the illuminati
i did not believe in god for about 15 years .
when asked about god i would say '' if you want religious advice ask a religious leader which i am not so go ask someone else . ''
thankfully god personally let me know he is real .
the only way eternity would be peaceful is if the guy in charge is perfectly good and loving .
try to clear every area completely using the teleport system .
this gives you more practice against each enemy and will give you way more loot and power scrolls .
try and get the runes as soon as you can .
when you explore each area you might come across a room with a big rock with a symbol on it .
there will be an elite enemy a much tougher version of a certain one and after you beat it you will get a rune .
the runes give you extra movement options like breaking walls and creating vines these open up more paths in each area and give you access to new areas .
edit not every elite room gives you a rune and they are each in different areas .
you can always look them up if you get stuck .
if you just want to get as far as possible you ca n't really go wrong with spending all power scrolls in tactics spend at least 1 on the other two for the hp bonus though and use turrets like the slicer/cross-o-matic .
you can use the turrets to take out the enemies for you from a safe spot .
learn to use door breaks roll into a door and down smash press down and the jump button in mid air .
these both stun the enemy and the down smash in particular does a lot of damage .
the game mainly comes down to trial and error learning the enemy patterns and getting enough scrolls and loot to make it past the tougher enemies .
please make sure to upvote well written unpopular/controversial opinions and downvote badly written opinions or popular opinions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
took me about 5/6 tries but did n't seem to have much luck on crits and additionals good luck !
only had 3 items left for super vegito and only one was healing so it was super close
making an effort into finding info yourself is a good start lol
rg ca n't defend nearly as well as xbow or siege in general which is why xbow is at the top of all of the challenges you can easily play for a draw and if the opponent makes a mistake and you get a lock it 's over .
this is a crime waiting to happen it just has n't happend yet on your watch .
ca n't wait for mahk to make his new video
it 's a sign that the eagles were gon na win tonight .
he 's currently on the phone with steve bartman lookin ' for tips
it 's the wings flapping on the drake on the lower level of the digsite kill the drake and it 'll stop .
you 'll run into this same issue again at poko kahara killing the drakes will also stop it there as well .
no idea if they plan to fix it in an upcoming patch or what .
fwiw just turn off the sound effects in settings until the drake is killed .
you do n't lose much characters are still audible and it allows you to fight the drakes without going insane .
this comment would have gotten 300 downvotes 4 years ago .
quit fucking bitching about having step-kids leida you chose to marry eric knowing he has kids
ca n't even trade anyone at this point smh .
i was thinking about getting one done for my eldest cat but now you caused me to rethink things .
happy trey did n't win but i 'm all for dez and zach getting a push .
it 's why they 're pushed in big indies .
do n't mind me i 'm just taking notes for my steam powered super spider .
with the stepping and the squishing and the webs made of nylon !
i still have my fingers crossed for black panther winning best drama .
i would take transformation over a lot of things .
lol ca n't say that i 've heard that before but i like it .
the lashes are these https www.sephora.com/product/classic-false-lashes-p402036 ? skuid=1725639 keyword=lana 20lashes that i mentioned below !
yeah dude even by 1 am in your time it very likely still wo n't be out .
yes but even top players agree that he definitely still needs a nerf
i have had to do the same also too .
do you know what day ghost is playing sonic temple ?
if you need something to listen to this is solid
you 're just getting feedback from an internet stranger that you need to use your brain more before replying .
makes me regret owning a bike with such tight tolerances .
money heist is great it was originally la casa de papel when there was only one season .
it 's not a netflix original everywhere they just have the us rights to it and are branding it as such .
it 's spanish about a team of strangers hired to take over spain 's mint holding hostages and printing money .
surprisingly well done where i expected full on cliche .
my only complaint is how they split the show into two seasons and how they edited the runtimes creating more episodes .
it probably would have flowed a bit better in its original formatting but with binge watching these days who notices .
also for a movie xoxo was entertaining and sweet with good music to boot .
fox news and breitbart just suck donalds dick all day never question his statements and never ever report on anything negative he does .
so the only outlets that actually report the ignorant racist sexist crude crass ugly things donald does are other outlets .
try and get out of your little right wing echo chamber .
i do n't think my kid 's ever going to fake taking a shit so we leave him outside longer .
spo and heat led waiters and ellington to next level as players .
so waiters can play in d-league until turn to thankful person
it 's always exciting but living out of a suitcase for 2 weeks gets annoying .
it would be the equivalent of going to a 1070ti so yes it would be a solid upgrade for you .
i 'm selling one i 've got for 2k ... ..so 1.8k lol
you did n't mention they were well lit in the first comment never mind
this post and every comment have received an upvote .
there was a total amount of 5 upvotes given .
bolsonaro is a dangerous populist and how much better it would have been if the pt had won .
they were our choices at our second round of elections .
but i ca n't help feeling that both the right leaning and left leaning choices were not the best ones that could be picked on our first round .
amoedo would be a much saner choice to a right wing voter .
and there we get to my problem with bolsonaro .
my problem with bolsonaro is that what essentially differentiates him from the other right leaning candidates was his pro-dictatorship pro-violence speech that validates extremist behaviors among the population .
then we start treating politics like a choice between their favorite football team and not having a reasonable debates about problems that matter and if you do n't agree with this or that you are a communist/fascist .
so currently i do not believe that he will turn us back to a dictatorship .
even if that is a thing that he would actually very much enjoy seeing done .
that also seemed like a small number to me personally i think it 's about the principle of the thing .
congress and senate already agreed there already was a compromise .
if they let trump get away with extorting them or more precisely giving him exactly what he wants regardless of wether it has a majority in congress or senate is probably a bad idea .
it 's kinda the politic version of negotiating terms with kidnappers or terrorists .
you give him his wall what 's stopping him from asking for other things that have no majority in congress and senate ?
no exercise is going to be better for you than the exercise that you actually enjoy doing .
if you do n't love long cardio sessions do n't try to force yourself to do them that 's what 's going to kill your long-term motivation .
for example i am not into team or group activity at all .
my personal choice is to run by myself in the mornings lift weights at home and then hike with just my husband .
if you have a lot of weight to lose once you 've lost a bit of it give those things you do n't enjoy another shot .
you might find you hate long cardio sessions less after you 've lost 30lbs and the strain on your joints is n't quite as rough .
or if confidence and insecurity played into why you did n't like x but you 're in a better place now give it a shot .
i have an r1 and the handle is so well positioned for carrying .
being a shortboard that goes up and down stairs it works super well .
could you have a handle on something with as much flex as that nls though ?
could a person with a router maybe carve out a handle in a deck ?
i feel like it 'd be a major stress point that could break .
it 's about time they 're getting removed they are n't fucking related to battlefront and this guy is just farming karma
do n't forget the specter of all that oil sands debt .
interest rates keep going up with no new pipeline and those will keep folding .
the orthodox population in lithuania is a lot smaller than in latvia and estonia .
it 's so rare to see defensive players flourish at top teams in their teens due to the discipline needed for the role whereas strikers and wingers more or less have the freedom to just go out there and enjoy themselves .
do n't try and convince me that 's not the damn government puttin fluoride in my water !
especially when russ is jacking up 5 threes a game at like 25 shooting lmao
your post has been removed because it was not flaired within 15 minutes .
i think that combine it with host and mvp reward it should be let 's just say 0.5 1.0 ... i do n't know if i 'm the most unlucky person in the world with my amount of raid or the number just ridiculously lower than that ...
i think the classic venezuelan party food is tequeños .
this is a stick of white cheese rolled and covered with a salty and soft dough .
boiled quail eggs with fancy sauce salsa rosada is also pretty common but i think it is not exclusive of venezuela .
ham or cheese with puff pastry was pretty common too .
sandwishes with deviled ham spread diablitos is fairly common too .
everytime trump visits they have to shutdown the airport and the local businesses suffer because the surrounding roads are closed .
and for all the young people who dont have interactions ?
with recency bias tho it 'll be recognized by alot more premier league fans not everton and look better for any marketing campaign
i am thinking a tournament maybe with teams from all brands including nxt .
it varies i reckon you can get red square vodka from bws for about 30 and a slab of mercury cider is usually less than 50 .
not blud ... would not be that colour when its dried .
lol thanks for the reversal but the damage has been done !
yeah i was just trying to sarcastically point out the weird logic that u/sympathy_for_the_fo was trying to push in his argument but instead i got lumped up with him .
rolling blackouts coastal fever one of the best guitar rock albums of 2018 and a fantastic live band
but now i 'm bummed out because it probably means they wo n't be doing their own nyc show this year
this is exactly what i came here to say .
does your name come from a municipal waste song by any chance ?
at this point i think a lot of us enthusiests are looking for a fundemental jump in hardware .
new hmds with eye tracking or built in reprojection in silicon ics are whats going to make the next jump in performance .
i feel a little sadness for the pimax buyers going into 2019/2020 having the beefed up resolution of new gen headsets and having none of the performance upgrades that come with onboard post processing or rtx/vega specific pipeline upgrades
it appears that this is a self-post from an unverified account .
in order to post on r/slightlychubby you must follow verification procedure in order to become an approved submitter .
until you have been verified your post will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/slightlychubby if you have any questions or concerns .
less well known is the paradox of tolerance unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance .
if we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant then the tolerant will be destroyed and tolerance with them .
— in this formulation i do not imply for instance that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion suppression would certainly be unwise .
but we should claim the right to suppress them if necessary even by force for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument but begin by denouncing all argument they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument because it is deceptive and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols .
we should therefore claim in the name of tolerance the right not to tolerate the intolerant .
i can think of a couple ideologies that answer arguments with violence in today 's society and it is n't the right or even the alt-right .
additionally i do n't think that the argument is meant to push any type of policy of suppression but rather to resolve the paradox itself .
the funny thing is that i did n't post this my wife did so i was very confused on what was going on .
no we do not eat edibles or otherwise not that it matters .
but the recipe looks well enough without the features .
i started last season so i keep playing to improve my aim and my building .
i know eventually i will lose the excitement and it will turn into a competitive esport .
i just graduated 3 weeks ago and i 'm at the beginning of my job hunting days .
im definitely not the best candidate but surely i did decent enough to get a chance do n't really have side projects i just put 2 of my bigger school projects in there .
i would think i 'm average hopefully but idk maybe i 'm actually bottom tier .
every attempt i had to get an internship at school ended laughably bad .
people say cs is super easy to get a job in hell when i tell people i 'm job hunting and i have a cs degree they always say oh you will have no problem '' but i already been rejected so many times both now and the times i applied during school
i think you missed the part about the 1tb hdd and boot ssd .
also i 'd rather go with an established brand that i 've at least heard of .
then when he 's desperate to re-open the government shoot for the moon .
they can literally do nothing and the country will whip itself into an anti-trump frenzy .
we 're about to find out the hard way .
democrats should actually show some political callousness and use it the way republicans would have if obama was in power ofc obama would never be this fucking stupid .
the yardstick should be is trump being fucked worse than obama was by republicans ?
if the answer is no you 're not doing a good enough job .
and before you call me an asshole for callously fucking up people 's lives to humble a braggart i 'll remind you again that trump created this crisis himself and can end it any time he can convince his ego to allow it .
hey maybe pelosi can tweet photographs of her sitting in her office waiting to make a deal .
100 homegrown music made myself through hard work and dedication .
i 'm not the only jfresh but i do n't care .
the one advice i can give is the mindset of a top player .
when they think they 're better than someone their strategy is going to be to try and minimize variance and spend as little effort as possible to dispatch you .
if you can keep that in mind not get too greedy and not panic you can get the real version of them to come out then they 're beatable .
bohemian rhapsody deserves it and it makes me lss or last song syndrome .
imo this is caused by lenses in space located in front of both our sun and the artificial sun .
i was 12-10 which i was really pissed at as i usually get g2 normally 1 or 2 wins off g1 i just put music on and chilled out to get g3 as i was going to quit there however found my self having fun listening to music and continued playing and ended up going 20-10 winning 8 in a row and clutching g1
between the wrap the back of the cab the white walls and the vw i can not support this .
you really do n't need to write pounds if you 've used the £ symbol ...
i ca n't imagine buying a non-subaru as dd anymore !
the wrx is in a class of it 's own for daily drivability imo .
there 's not much else aside from the golf r that can compete at the price point for awd turbo .
i miss the ej rumble but my motor just rolled over 23k and the fa has a nice burble to it now .
i 've had multiple people comment on how loud they think the stock exhaust is !
this is one of those posts that gets resubmitted every few months but i ca n't help upvote every time
we already have the new gen from samsung and acer .
microsoft is working hard on their platform i would n't say it 's going to be discontinued
japanese pokemon switch consoles come preloaded with the software on the system .
whenever someone tailgates me despite being 10 km/h too fast i will slow down to exactly the speed limit .
it 's my understanding that queer is being used to encompass more than sexuality i 'm pretty sure though .
lol this is a picture of the games done quick staff not flat earth the editor of the image is having a laugh .
i go into people 's rooms while they 're not there and touch a bunch of stuff .
i sift through the contents of the cupboards carefully noting what 's inside .
i hoard their used towels and make sure to spend time with their bed sheets before quietly leaving as if i was never there .
by which i mean i 'm a cleaner at a motel sort of place 😂 i re-stock their complimentary coffee and tea sachets take away their wet towels to replace with clean ones and make sure their bed is made all comfy and cozy for them for when they get back 😄
hoibergs wife hates the small town lifestyle and hoiberg did n't like being the lord and savior .
the pressure got to him and he gave up on recruiting .
he would 've been pressure free going to the timberwolves a year later with that young roster that was way better suited for his style of ball .
the bulls was just like his first year at iowa state and he could n't do anything about it like he sorta could at isu .
he 's better suited for the gm position and i think he could succeed .
we have a sporting goods store called dick 's here in the us .
i 'd be cool with that if properly credited .
you can find everything i 've done here https zer0trashwave.bandcamp.com .
it 's a bit of an eye-roll-y scene even if you like mass effect to be fair .
oh no ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i also had a similar job and we got paid a flat fee of 150 to watch about 50 dogs !
if you 're ever looking for a dog job in sf that pays much better i got the hookup !
lolwut marvel movies are funny if youre 8 years old
yeah i think that is normal but for me the whole square is red
where did i name call anyone except for the comment you replied to where i referred to some people as chuds ?
but i think you may have missed my point .
people are arguing that poverty is fine being a death sentence in the richest country in the history of the world and you 're more concerned with how i say it should n't than the people civilly saying it should ?
does n't even work for me but i do n't care
what is the breed of dog in the middle ?
does any one person saying put flacco in actually think he would reverse a 20-3 4th quarter lead ?
if flacco was put in after the 1st half it would n't be a 20-3 game heading into the 4th
ea is gon na make so much fucking money holy shit
100 just because of the practically infinite number of factors that go into basically everything .
the universe is so inherently chaotic that inferring anything to be truly planned out or fated feels almost egotistic or maybe naive .
i used to love it as a kid my first ff .
but at some point i learned that the monsters level along with you and the most efficient thing to do is card or flee all of them until you get a certain stat boost item .
now i do n't want to fight any monsters and i do n't want to play half the game not fighting them so i 'm stucked .
now if they rejigged the mechanics so levelling up early did n't cap your final abilities then i 'd be very interested .
he does n't really have to encourage them if he does n't address them but that does n't mean he ca n't support fiverr jesus
apparently this is the cheapest option so a lot of locals use this .
i was 15 years old in my third year of high school and i was mostly concentrating on my music and trying to get a girlfriend lol .
now i 'm an ex-music teacher and session musician who is out of work due to medical reasons .
i 'm mainly trying to sort out my medical shit so i can get back to work .
this post and every comment have received an upvote .
there was a total amount of 27 upvotes given .
say thank you and compliment them once in awhile .
all them words wo n't bring your pa back .
there 's this pizza place in my town run by a muslim family they substitute all pork for non-pork alternatives .
we accidentally ordered pineapple and bacon rather than canadian bacon and let me tell you ... that turkey bacon went fucking swimmingly with the pineapple .
i 'm glad you got to enjoy this delightful mixup .
better find another company because they do it as well .
also if you absolutely cant find something like this supreme_copies on ig documented that supreme recently did quilted jeans copying a pair by chanel .
hmm i legitimately did n't know about the utility of how her full block works now it always just felt clunky to me .
and about the sweep it was mainly because i 'm not sure what 's best for it .
i agree with a lot of opinions wanting it to still be slow but be feintable so if i had to choose i would go with that but i do n't claim to be an expert on balance .
again was n't meant to be like here 's a bunch of changes i want right now but instead something to start a discussion so thanks for contributing .
there was a movie deep impact that basically did the same .
they held the info from the people for as long as they could but they had to tell them at some point because they were initiating basically martial law .
i thought it was a well done and well thought out movie .
you must either just fucking love math and numbers or football must be just horrible to watch for you .
are you sure there would n't be any exp rewards ?
coz i 've levelled up a lot of times while in et
what a horrible team ... not even single gb and warden just feeds you revevenge by throwing heavies at you while a single light or shoulder bash would be enough tiandi didnt use his bash either
even worse are not sure why i 'm being downvoted '' .
that guarantees further downvotes because people vote like sheep and do n't care what you have to say even if its reasonable .
he should not play center he should be a sg sf .
all his defensive highlights seem like they 're on the perimeter .
it 's fucked up that everyone is shaming him for making his life a tiny bit more bareable on what is ultimately a fucked up dehumanising excuse for proper welfare from a country that can afford to do much better .
and it looks like we can use that to warn others !
but i 'm not letting it to have a power over me .
i think fernanda bough followers to catch up to larissa .
fernanda was never as interesting as larissa dubious ig numbers .
the weiner video was released after her major jump .
jealousy began when larissa got arrested and her numbers soared over night .
which raises the question how fernanda not only cought up but surpassed her with her lame spaced out posts .
bro i feel for you there 's been construction beeps and crashes going all fucking night here
girl you must have got off in them real hard you flooded them ... creamy girl.hot !
your submission was automatically removed because streamable.com is not an approved site .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's not fake socialism it 's just not socialism .
i only ask because i have yet to use my maps .
bamba was drafted in my league waiting on mitchell for my last spot too
wow i never put this together for myself i have adhd and my friends always look to me when anything crazy takes place .
i 've been in a couple of bad car accidents neither my fault and i keep my foot on the brake to not hit the car in front of me because i was rear-ended both times i saw them coming in too hot both times .
both times i look over my friends and make sure they are okay and then go check on the other people in the accident never seemed like a big deal for me but i guess my friends were freaking out at the time .
i guess this miserable disorder has one tiny mostly worthless plus .
his response to him being toxic or acting like a man child is to state that he has one a world title .
well good on you does n't allow you to treat others like an ass
yeah i get why people could be upset about him singling out the dude but supposedly the guy was acting like an ass at the show as well so who knows what actually started it but a shitton of music has political messages behind it especially in many rock subgenres .
i do n't listen to amity affliction so i ca n't say for them but i know if someone said they loved like rise against but were also a huge trump supporter i 'd probably call them out .
print out your liste you make in infinity army use the spuds hacking helper in doubt check infinity wiki on specific rules und maybe join a group-chat with a warcor in it that should cover everything .
there are thousand of offline players that are not taken into account .
not to be the asshole who wants to make everyones world a better place !
and exactly knows how to dare you in a passively aggressive way to do it !
i just uploaded my ss i have this same deck .
i have been away from the game playing sea of thieves but i still have my run .
and i just got into an argument on another platform with a redhat who kept insisting that air traffic controllers are still getting paid .
i kept linking citations to articles at him and he kept on repeating himself .
he ended his tirade with a complaint about how all these federal workers are enjoying a paid vacation on his dime .
and on topic for this thread lack of air traffic control is going to affect air freight .
a lot of american manufacturing uses the just-in-time inventory technique which is often highly dependent on air shipments of parts .
both dallas and philly are in the next round so it 's a no from me dawg .
you can add me for daily gifts too 2996 0335 3380
i shared my code in a somewhat popular thread and got like 15 adds in under an hour before removing my code most of them send gifts daily .
i think people that share their code through a thread and get too many new friends neglects most of them after getting so many .
in the usa all federal parks prohibit takeoffs and landings of drones .
you can still fly over the park as long as you launch from outside the park .
if you look at the first graph on page 6 http subbot.org/misc/econ/citi_cb_tightening.png you see that private credit creation is ten times public credit creation .
now according to citi research the reversal of central bank credit creation is driving fundamental weakening .
if we are going to be printing money anyway why not distribute it equally to all this time instead of only to banks ?
i used to deal with a ups driver at my old job .
dude was a chevy/caddy fanatic fanboy and knew i had an honda acura csx .
so he kept saying his brother used work in a honda dealership in parts and tried to berate that honda is trash because of his horror stories '' which he could never name a specific model or year lol .
my first car was a cavalier and i told him it 's weird we do n't see those anymore but civics are rampant as fuck in these years .
he tried saying it 's a bad comparison and then generalized with the typical of course kids put thousands in civics to tune them up '' .
civics have been the most sold car in canada for like 30 years for a fucking reason .
he just put a pic never said they specifically had to be chosen .
btw i agree that they 're badly written characters particularly caulifla but they could have a really cool move set that can be incorporated into the game .
some scouting reports talk about him as a bad shooter while other praise him .
he has a fluid 2 motion shot that 's fairly solid form wise and goes in at a reasonable clip from midrange whether off the bounce or off balance .
but i 'm of the opinion that 2 motion shots are good for exactly that midrange looks off the bounce and off balance .
what they do n't do well is extend to 3 point range because the added distance means that the added motion is n't good .
and historically rui has n't been much of a 3 point shooter .
and yes i know ray allen was a two motion shooter .
but basically yeah i think most people are seeing part of that he has skill from midrange but his form is one that 's harder to expand to 3 and so he 'll probably never take those consistently at the nba level .
he 's got the puck on his stick which he can feel i think it would affect him far less than the goalie
i have n't seen the one on the right but they have a few games out massive darkness and decent are the two that your models most resemble .
a new hobby would be great you 're right !
ancaps are of course not really anarchists because they 're not opposed to hierarchy only the state i and even then many promote a privatized state and private police and prisons .
they 're not just not communist they 're fiercely anti-communist of the fascist variety .
they see fascism and state violence as a justified response to the perceived threat of communism which is why they idolize fascist dictators like pinochet .
many are also white nationalists making them naturally at home in the alt-right .
the average height for men is 5'9 '' and most bikes are designed for riders around that range .
at 5'8 '' you may be on your toes but that 's how it is designed to be .
but there are strikers who perform in the champions league .
trust me when i say it 's just people shitting on your team for fun .
the problem is we did this before with flacco but you probably agreed that he was trash so you did n't think twice .
now you have a shiny new toy and people still talk shit and now you 're mad .
when people say things like this they base it on historical trends .
think of analysts who do the exact same thing .
now you may complain that this is a misunderstanding of apple 's history but let 's stop making that dull crystal ball comment .
he wants to exclude the entire art world we 'll exclude him back
i am an rn who had one pancreatitis attack stop drinking now .
please it will do nothing but hurt the pancreas and cause you to have more frequent flare-ups
ac odyssey really did do a good job at explaining the past and present .
tis all about the battle between you and the cult that seeks to dominate the world .
it shows how the cult has infiltrated politics and buisness .
it shows their rituals and human sacrifices and so on .
it mirrors our world pretty darn well i do recommend the game .
esh she very well knew that you disliked this weird ass drink yet she laughed as you drank it .
however this is just a common thing friends do .
however this does not warrant your behavior of washing your mouth and spitting it back into her water bottle .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/woosh if you have any questions or concerns .
they spun up for an instant when the pc was powered on and then they stopped moving .
hmm i would n't have a clue then request a bypass and see if someone could make it ?
it is not our job to make decisions for our patients .
example i work in onc so a lot of my patients have multiple goals of care discussions .
the doc is the one responsible for laying it out of course but it 's always my job to help them debrief after because these are really tough decisions and a lot of information for them to process .
i always talk to the team before the discussion and try to be in the room as much as possible they 're often very long .
the providers have a tough job here they need to lay out all the potential treatment scenarios and what the outcomes are likely to be .
one of the biggest barriers that we have to end of life care stopping treatment when it 's going to cause harm and ultimately will only extend the patient 's life not cure is the rhetoric around cancer care is always fight fight fight .
sometimes fighting just is n't the answer but try telling that to a scared 28 year old and her mother who had no idea she even had cancer a year ago .
sometimes the patients have to go through hell multiple times before they realize that it 's time to transition to hospice care .
and 99 times out of 100 it 's for the sake of their loved ones that they continue pointless treatments .
my job is to walk into the room about 20 minutes after the team leaves and put on my empathy pants and listen .
i ca n't do a lot for them but i will never ever give my opinion on which option they should choose .
i am there to support and i take this very seriously .
over 8 in september 2016 and over 7 now https indianexpress.com/article/business/economy/unemployment-rate-rises-to-27-month-high-labour-participation-goes-down-5525901
and this is not just due to lack of new jobs being created .
the people losing jobs happen to be most vulnerable https m.businesstoday.in/story/india-lost-11-million-jobs-in-2018-rural-areas-worst-hit-cmie/1/306804.html
i 'm too lazy to search on youtube but there 's also a recent interview of cmie head where he mentions that the numbers are actually more dire since many more people have stopped looking for jobs and hence do n't show up in the unemployment statistics .
is your suspension of disbelief this out of whack that you ca n't sit back and enjoy a good fap ?
so they made up story about a girl who stops time in order to have her way with some guys and it was n't believeable enough for you .
what does a production company have to do for you to be able to just fap to a porno ?
kenny will be in new york for wrestlemania weekend ... but he 'll be wrestling in metlife stadium
what 's the point of even getting out in a queue jus to throw us in solo
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/about/rules of r/dating_advice in mind while participating here .
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdating_advice we rely on user reports to find rule-breaking behavior quickly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dating_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
except the stability that is making it valuable is nonexistent .
this is a dev environment with nothing of value in it so i 'm comfortable sharing it with the world .
the creatures '' ou is empty in case anyone is wondering .
fired from dunkin donuts for selling dime bags of shake through the drivethru to underage girls in exchange for dirty finger bangs .
i remember 2014 when the giants picked him up before bringing panik on and he was absolute garbage .
what i do is just take a few deep breaths calm myself down forget everything for a few minutes and then slowly let myself think again but to keep it positive .
just something to distract your mind from what 's bothering you .
especially if what 's keeping you frustrated is out of your control .
that makes me so sad that it happened to him .
there may be a reason why less unvaccinated kids have adhd and autism .
m a y b e it 's because there is less of them
holy shit bro ... have you ever thought about making your own manga series ?
i 'm just a student 's cs project please do n't hurt me !
i think we should provide more scooters so that we can accommodate more fat people .
fat people buy more food so come one come all !
i was just making a joke and i think sokolov fits your description better than piero .
as well as made many security devices used to wreak havoc on dunwall as long as it meant he was safe .
he also performed disturbing rituals in attempts to contact the outsider .
s3 i was too demoralised to watch the dub .
this is just a bad ending to a game .
it is hard to tell flow when you arent the author and havent heard it .
i 've actually got the e3dv6 on this machine but i 'm thinking i 'll stick with the .4 .
my whole reason for switching was the potential to print with some of the more abrasive filaments .
i thought i 'd go ahead and give the .6 nozzle a try while i was at it .
ha it 's just not going according to plan .
it does seem to be temp related but there 's something else going on as well .
spoken like a true numpty who has zero idea what they 're talking .
apple moved to a far far superior messaging platform .
why on earth you 'd defend ancient technology and attack a tech company for creating a superior experience is beyond me .
arnold is having ptsd from the last asian cup he coached
so funny story for a time i handled both the phone and email for my company 's customer care line .
i would get a phone call reject the customers unreasonable demand for whatever reason and they would then threaten to write a complaint .
when they did write the complaint the whole thing would be a complete lie .
they would drastically change the story into how they were a victim and the other person on the phone me was horrible and rude to them .
you understand that things like robots and space ships while called technology '' and not science '' are actually made using science right ?
like they are n't just slapping these things together from scrap metal and hoping for the best .
when people build a computer or in theory a space ship or whatever they are using scientific principles to make them .
the story does n't need to explain the scientific principles used to create the technology known as a hyperdrive for the hyperdrive to be science fiction .
there 's no known magic in the star wars universe other than the force '' and there 's no suggestion that the technology in that universe runs on the force '' so we have to assume it is just advanced science .
as for your argument about wheel of time the advanced technology from the age of legends is such a minor part of the story and the technology '' that we know of if they are n't explicitly explained as being ter'angreal it is heavily implied meaning they are basically powered by magic .
that is not the same thing at all you should look up the logical fallacy false equivalence '' to see why you are wrong .
this one would be covered by rule 4 in our sidebar
here we keep our research and play in the spirit of the game '' ie inside the vision of the gamemakers .
the silph road team also does our part to honor niantic 's appeal to avoid accessing live game servers illicitly .
tools or scripts which illicitly access niantic 's servers are not propagated nor advocated on the road .
we instead elect to gather our data the old-fashioned way pounding the pavement collaborating with others playing the game !
the wording could certainly be revised as it seems to be explicit to bots/scanners/scripts but playing in the spirit of the game '' would undoubtedly include not playing with multiple accounts or having others play for you .
the game is designed to get you outside socializing and exploring .
having someone else battle a raid for you may seem trivial but we simply do not advocate the practice here on the road .
loved the movie and that was a great scene but minor nitpick how did gwen and miles spidey sense not recognize each other .
when miles 's spiderman saved miles and they looked each other they knew .
same with peter porker noir spiderman and peni parker .
the usable mineable silver could be gone in 20 years .
at least the easy meaning cheap silver to mine .
silver is the fastest and best conductor or electricity can the same be said for lte and its super quick transaction speeds ?
i literally wanted to cry but could n't because my best friend was watching .
he then took me to the nearest emergency room and it just went down from there
it can but if you do that why bother getting one ?
it seems everyone gushes about it but i just found it silly .
alex jones please the admins did not make any edits to the wikia .
there were over 1500 spam accounts made to vandalize the wikia and the wikia staff removed all the moderators ability to fix it .
stop spreading lies over the internet with no sources .
in the 20 years i 've been driving i 've only ever used it when parking on hills .
i do n't know anyone who actually uses it on a day to day basis .
oh i try but can never make it as good .
you appear to have submitted a common or unoriginal thought .
please remember that all submissions to r/showerthoughts must be original and unique .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
i had the kindle paperwhite for a few years and just recently upgraded to the kindle oasis 2 which i love !
when i read i do n't want any interruptions .
you ca n't have that reading on your phone or a computer or tablet because you are constantly getting notifications all the time .
when i settle down for a good read i will turn off my phone and tv and get totally immersed in my book .
why does his character have to change as a result of this ?
he did n't turn gay overnight and it 's explained in the comic how the relationship did n't work out because of his personality .
every single piece of information does n't have to be part of some overarching web of references it can be just a part of who he is .
fuck you in the ass with a cheese grater .
it 's not like they 're going to rip their clothes off and put it on at school assembly .
i approve of this transylvania is shown as rightful moldovan clay !
make rodna http merg.in/lunca-ilvei/de-vizitat/monumente/ruinele-cetatii-rodnei-3444.html ciceu https ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/cetatea_ciceu and cetatea de balta https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/af/cetatea_de_balta_castelul.jpg great again !
antarctica ambassadors take special precautions to keep it absolutely pristine vacuuming your coats dipping your boots in disinfectant etc .
everyone lost their damn minds when a chinese tourist dumped her trash and it caught the wind into the ocean .
its a sign of whats to come the last frontier for the chinese tourist to ruin .
we no longer allow for users to post individual lc/pc posts .
to find out the schedule on when the legit check/pc threads go live visit the sidebar calendar .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/supremeclothing if you have any questions or concerns .
it may be great to be considering a face lift for spring garden but it only takes a quick look at a map or aerial view to see this is a critical transportation corridor through the downtown with little alternatives .
limiting and at times closing argyle street makes sense as it has always been the entertainment district and was not any sort of necessary transportation corridor .
downtown does not have the classic grid systems of other cities nor service alleyways like vancouver .
we have a ginormous hill and national park in the midst of downtown the already severely limits transportation options in and out of the downtown .
a cycling network in halifax is probably a good thing but why choose an already congested street that regardless of what they decide will still need to be used by buses delivery vehicles taxis and the many who have no choice but to use spring garden because there are really no other options ?
and i 'm not a designer i 'm an engineer .
i applied in late 2014 and was accepted out of the blue in mid 2018 .
i mean i do n't always find full games on certain times of the day so maybe it could be the timing but idk
maybe get a smaller separate fridge for your room and lock your room if you leave
i thank you for your source but unless they directly laod line to the solar farm and gave him his own breaker it is fed from the grid and he stays within the limits of solar .
by enrolling in a solar program you 're purchasing solar energy for your home .
although we ca n't deliver green electrons to a specific home we purchase the same amount of solar energy that you use monthly on your behalf . ''
he is doing good elsewhere for sure but until this beast is powered by on site actually clean energy human power anyone ?
it is powered by whatever the grid feeds them and he 's just subsidizing the solar farms .
but a lot of us are living proof that you live .
i highly recommend using this time to grieve the fk out of it .
make this your this is the worst day of my life scenario because after this you are slowly going to enter a non-linear healing process .
you 're in for a ride and we 're here to help .
thanks for the offer but yeah i 've got it done now
um i ca n't find it on not the onion but ok
al quds tag wo das hufeisen sich die klinke in die hand gibt .
und nicht zu vergessen institutionen die berlin in den beirat für islamische theologie der hu beruft .
for reference i 'm 5 '' 9 aka much smaller than the empire state building .
it was 80,000 in the us last year and i told that guy you 're replying to of that fact yesterday but he 's ignoring it for some reason '' .
saw this year 's ago on cocktail napkins about texas women ...
i mean he 's hurting the lower classes and immigrants is n't that what these people voted for ?
it 's never gon na be perfect because there 's no way you 're getting the salt back after it dissolves among other things .
if you pass out you might wake up somewhere else .
nooooooo waaaaaaaay ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
walking around quickie mart with a 130 worth of candy bars .
the final scene with tommy lee jones in no country for old men .
just the look of a broken man who 's finally realized that despite his life 's work he 's no match for the evil of man .
byteball is like the etheereum of dag but with simpler smart contracts and private payments etc .
it also has a friendly end user interface so can be used by both the man on the street and developers .
ethereum is only for developers which is not an ideal model .
byteball connects both devs and users inside the wallet same model as google play and apple app store
words can not describe how strange i find the pledge of allegiance to this day .
imagine being german having grown up very aware of the dark places to which excessive nationalism can lead and then spending a year at an american high school .
the sad part is that i can recite the bloody thing to this very day .
it 's just the easiest way to drink it !
started off the year right with my final dive to get 1 diver cmas here in belgium certified in which i also completed all my open water skills required for that cert .
one negative was that my brand new dive computer mares quad that i got for christmas from my lovely so did not detect the dive at all .
you can get hr and speed on the same screen without an app .
just use the menus to edit the data fields .
i could n't disagree more with all of your points .
something toxic should be in a resealable container and if it 's intended to be stored in the home then it should ideally be child-proof .
cans of paint always represent the color on the can so that you can tell what color the paint is .
one of the purposes of design is to anticipate how people will store and use the product and give them affordances to use it properly or avoid misusing it .
slapping a label on something that looks like something else and saying 'you 're on your own now ' is the definition of crappy design or at least lazy design .
if we ca n't agree on that then why are you even in this sub ?
if i were a founder i would n't accept your apology honestly speaking because why would you flip out over polygons ?
why would the first thing you do when you see that be to wild out ?
ironically antifa acts just as shit as neo-nazi hooligans .
that 6.5 minute continuous shot in children of men .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=mjfhqohahyu that whole movie is simply amazing .
if all his other roasts were as good as this one he 'd get my respect but unfortunately that 's his only good one lol
you 're about 4 months too late my man doa
topical pantothenic acid vitamin b₅ zinc a very weak n-acetyl cysteine solution
you should have an amulet or cube-power that gives you immunity to your own main attack being reflected .
so that 's one element where the resistance is moot .
a firebird with immunity fire is superior to one without that immunity .
for some most builds i 'd use an amulet and a power for two immunities .
cold elements are mostly dangerous because of freeze/slow '' conditions .
there are various items that give immunity or reduce duration of control effects .
any high gr build should have one of those immunities .
enemies with posion damage are mostly nerfed that might change in future patches ...
lightning enemies are mostly weak there are a couple of dangerous ones .
simple question for the next 6 gameweeks going forward ... kane or salah ?
us police are trained to escalate because 1 they like to kick ass '' and 2 legally it gives them more latitude .
example cop knocks on your door and talks to you .
cop puts his foot in your door and you attempt to close the door because you 're done talking .
now things have escalated to assault of an officer '' .
this move is actually taught in most police academies which is why you as a citizen should not open your door when talking to the police .
he gets to barge in tazer or beat your ass whatever he 's in the mood for then handcuff you .
then for his safety '' he 's allowed to search the house .
so not only did he get what he wanted to search your house he also got to kick ass and gratify his inner violent bully .
see how all this looks much more attractive to the cop than a brief conversation and you closing the door ?
element of suprise and having a over kill amount of rockets for the base is one of the only ways to guarantee winning other than being better at pvp than the defenders .
archon 4 begins from 2550 mmr and archon 5 is at 2720 .
but u need to be 2550 again to see the percentage below your medal .
nah those 12 are just the ones that will autosync to nvidia 's software without bugs/problems .
iirc they said like 400 freesync monitors can work with it via adaptive sync that you can turn on in the control panel but those experienced bugs and whatnot so they are n't 110 nvidia certified ''
my wife is pretty much my dream body type .
tall thin nice b cup boobs great ass and a flat stomach .
we 've been dating or married for 20 years and she 's hotter now than ever before even after having a couple kids .
in my experience counselors are hit or miss for transfer requirements haha just because there are so many things to know .
i 've had counselors give me and my friends wrong info before while others have been amazing .
not that i think i 'm all that better but what she should do is take classes from assist.org and put in a few gen eds from her cc 's igetc here and there to fill her schedule .
you could also check if you 're curious to see what she would have to take for biz econ .
still have her meet up with a counselor tho for that credit thing tho lol .
i 'll most likely be transferring to uc davis which is my top choice and where i tagged to .
tag is an auto acceptance so it 's nice to know that i have somewhere to go lol .
i also applied to uc irvine and uc san diego but that was only to make my parents happy lol davis is my top choice .
i 'm also applying to usc and cornell for fun but we will see how that goes haha .
all of my decisions but uc davis because of tag come out in late spring/early summer .
he could apologize to the country resign and confess to all crimes .
expecting a guy to go from rb 's coach to oc to hc all within 8 months is a big ask .
but for the most part a team 's success mirrors its offense 's success and its offense 's success mirrors its qb 's success .
kitchens has proven he can get baker to play like a top 10 qb and you ca n't just let that go .
also devils advocate baker is just a legit top 10 qb and any competent oc would have him there .
also kitchens has 8 games defenses cant scheme for his play calling preferences no way to know if it holds up after habits and such develop .
2.5 is by far the most popular but you never see the 3.6r used in my area because people do n't ever let them go .
the legacy does n't need the boost as much the outback is just a really heavy car .
you do n't notice much on straight-aways but if your area is hilly mine is you will constantly be pounding it to get up hills even when it 's empty .
the gas mileage sucks ass in the city though .
i have a shitty commute and average about 20mpg .
but on a long road trip i got like 37mpg or something crazy .
yeah i do n't use alpha cc i use mm but the attitude around here towards people who do is kind of disheartening .
like geez just let people play the game how they want maybe
i was ok with that bare bones release assuming otherwise .
funny enough i 'm over a million still after buying kage .
just give me the characters for my complete game that i paid on a discount on 42 on g2a on launch date still with the chun costume pre order bonus .
til that the rest of the world call redbacks black widows
there is the link if you 'd like to watch it yourself .
i would understand your stance had i not watched the clip myself .
he is extremely specific multiple times across just a few minutes in his explanation of what he is speaking about in terms of a physical wall .
once you watch the clip 7:00 to 9:45ish could you tell me if you still think it 's not important that the former presidents specifically dispute his claim about their support for a wall ?
i was so excited i forgot to ask my consultant !
i use one a.rain to deal with the teams that have 2 lilliths .
just in case i ca n't kill or stop them and get countered .
if i were you i 'd print off your character sheet again but leave it blank and fill it in with a pencil so you can update it as you play .
having the filling be printed makes it harder to change .
i dunno i just feel like it was n't implemented that well ?
i 'm happy the lgbt community has more representation but it kinda came outta nowhere to me prob because i found out from a screenshot of a news title and felt kinda off .
and b4 i get downvoted to hell i am a bi man .
damn you are right i 'm going to add her for the next list thanks .
there is no light at the end of the tunnel .
you are not on one single path through life .
you are simply on the end of one chapter of your life .
you have overcome great things and you have n't even touched a sliver of those other chapters .
both good and bad things will come but as long as you keep going there will always be another chapter .
if you feel bad for feeling upset there is this ideal that you should n't complain because someone somewhere has it worse especially in third world counties .
it branches the idea that our sadness is wrong and our accomplishments are worthless because we 're entitled .
accept that you are making great accomplishments something a lot of people never do and that it 's okay to fall apart a bit during/after that .
did another one with a thin layer of vaseline absolute game changer !
i 'd imagine being with pat berry since you were a toddler is mentally damaging .
i think you can turn it off somewhere but i avoid apple products like the plague .
why is there a subreddit for superb owls ? ?
gosh that breakdown is one of the realest in any song ever .
it gives me chills and literally makes me laugh because of how nasty it is like 30 of the time i hear the song
he can put paw prints all over the screen to block the view .
what 's the deal with the level limit breakthrough without a super awakening ?
i wish you all the best in your transition .
a lot of mechanics treat transmissions as magical pixie boxes and get kinda scared of them .
in some ways i agree but subaru 's split case is a dream to work on and i 'll gladly rebuild them any day lol
gosh i cringed just reading this ca n't imagine what it must 've actually felt like .
what 's inherently gay about my post in the first place ?
new better units will always release in the future .
never seen a team get run over so much and still be winning by 21
its not an argument i love the game i have 6 days in it already but i have a lot of friends who hate it for these reasons
nah its nationalized by the government we got socialism here .
the way people post on this forum your logic actually makes a lot of sense .
great to know i 'll be sure to shoot you a message if we plan to go again
yea for sure.. the fact that it came out after the piss tape makes it even crazier imo
i just learned that i can change my direct deposit options with my employer at my will meaning itll be a lot easier to the bonuses that require real dd or are stingy otherwise .
are there any difficult '' ones to get that i should be aware of ?
i read through the doc article of best bonuses but nothing really jumped out at me .
i was thinking maybe some of the harder '' ones were hidden .
yes it 's espn they are always all over any sec dick bama in particular .
they have a deal with sec network so they 've literally thrown in with one conference
yeah but they did n't join a conference so they automatically suck
the end scene of blade runner 2049 where k makes the decision to interfere in luv 's transportation of deckard .
production only let 's you interrupt if they want you to so colton must know production wants her to interrupt and is leaning in to the drama because he promised he would be a good little boy for production .
i would n't buy it but i do n't hate it .
i 've actually never seen anyone say it 's bad but i feel like it 's a little overhyped because tfue owns it .
we could have less in common than a horse .
humans have 23 pairs of chromosomes while horses have 32 .
i do n't know the genetics of a centaur but it seems we would have 41 the same dna and a centaur while a horse has 59 ?
that 's great it has many names on the internet
sorry not related to your blueprint but what the heck is going on with reddit 's redesign ?
why is your post 's text so small under the image ?
i think it was you guys that managed to get a tfl on cook and a hit on cousins at the same time because you blew up a handoff .
literally only because bong asshole sneeze ... and typing it just made me giggle
foles won them a superbowl and though they probably wo n't win this year he got them close again .
why would you not offer that guy some money ?
i loved it as a kid but as an adult not much a fan .
but seriously my personal choice would be david leitch george miller would be too easy .
with john wick atomic blonde and deadpool 2 under his belt this guy is clearly gifted in the action movie genre and obviously has comic book movie experience too .
open for breakfast from 6am and is not too expensive .
youll get great views of the fountain and complimentary pool access at the burj khalifa .
itll definetly impress your guests and youre missing out on a top day if you havent been there already
they have the table where obama and tony sat under glass at least when i was there .
i think he was planning to splash him with the coffee after the dick guy recovers .
for classes with weird descriptions i would go to the class and observe without signing up big glass windows that you can see everything from for the classrooms ..
some of those classes like abs core or ones that sound like they 'll give you a good workout.. do n't give you that .
i 've been to some of the classes with names like that or ripped and there 's a lot of dancing around and weird footwork without using weights and you really do look like a broken puppet on a string when you are doing them .
like crouching down taking 6 steps forward and jumping and swooshing your arms like you 're shooting a basketball crouching back down backing up 6 steps and repeating for up to 15 minutes per class very useless ... that shit is ridiculous it did n't make me sweat nor anyone else that was in my line of sight during and after class and did nothing but make the arches of my feet sore for the rest of the day .
further it 's a little embarrassing especially when you do n't have foot coordination like me and you 're half a step behind i 've just up and left these classes and watched from the sidelines and the whole class was no different than watching and participating in those grandma workout routines that you used to put in a cassete player or dvd player not challenging not making you sweat nothing but embarrassing .
good classes are the yoga classes barre and barre fusion classes total body conditioning although i have n't been to this one for a while they might have changed the routine to something a little more ridiculous beginning boxing foam roll and release kettlebell training and boot camp .
honestly do n't take my word for it though instructors change and so do the routines even though when it changes dramatically they still call it by the same class name .
when in doubt go and observe a class even if it 's only for 10 minutes to see if it 's your style .
the instructors are generally really nice and you can talk to them after class and get tips or advice from them if you need it .
i 've always gone by myself to all of my classes that i schedule and it 's never been weird or anything .
in fact it feels like most people go to these alone ?
i could be wrong but for the most part when we leave the studio we worked out in everyone i see goes in different directions and no one seems to walk together for the most part .
i would n't say the actual delivery is ever mundane and for the most part it 's a happy time .
i 'm not in awe or thinking omg this is incredible '' during every delivery there 's a lot on my end to focus on !
but it 's hard not to share the emotions of your patients afterwards whether it 's joy or grief .
i ca n't even imagine who you value as a role model but i bet they proliferate italics in all of their comments .
that website is amazing for someone who genuinely does n't have a t.v .
yo go on instagram to the gun gamers page and follow harpy gun gamers she has a makes stock sock ''
i knew i would be given enormous amounts of attitude for that post from my position as a student
it 's because this is not a sub for students .
tbf it 's not called a well-researched and objective guide to dnd ''
i started banking assassin embers empty mindedly because all my useful ones are either fully leveled or i wanted to keep the ascension mats .
but what worries me is the usual 5 stars i go for and get i have at least a nendoroid as a catalyst .
why is the dc fanbase the cynosure of your life ... how old are you 😐
if you dont like the post do n't click !
maybe check out danner for boots some models of their boots are still made in or .
or one of my other favorites soft star shoes which are handmade in or .
i have a pair of the chukkas and love them .
made in seattle their maker 's bag is my fav messenger .
i really doubt you 'll see more than like one toty cr7
i figured as much but i did n't wan na call you out on it .
from boy to boots getting them on that is .
the guy your girlfriend told you to not worry about ...
yeah if you 're a single 25-year old looking for women and to party a ton and bonus points if you 're black considering there 's maybe 10 black people north of ozaukee county .
but if you 're an nfl head coach you 're likely at least 35 and probably have a family .
you probably also care about nfl history/prestige and you ca n't deny that green bay is easily a top 5 historic '' franchise in the league .
not if he is carrying water for the oligarchs .
he flamed out in both of those presidential bids and that was before the internet where all his gaffs slimy bills and inappropriate touching of children are there for all to see .
kayfabe news never ceases to amaze me with their wrestling jokes .
my personal favorite is still scotty 2 hotty and too cool scorpio form tag team named 'room temperature ' ''
2080ti ftw3 with a hydro copper block i pad for the fancy 3d mark to run extreme and scale down to my 1440p .
i ca n't recall all the scores but that main 3d mark is around 16200 .
we 're still not inundated with pregnant furry vore so we have n't quite hit da status .
joking aside in general a post complaining about the subs gets people to leave/give up on the sub as opposed to a discussion thread of the variety you 're missing which would in theory engage people further .
never allow the media to escape the reality that they are squarely responsible for trump 's ascendance .
frustrated progressive voters did not come along until later .
hillary 's emails did not come along until later .
do not ever allow them to scapegoat the true culprit of this nightmare themselves.
they definatly help you get much better with mouse control and reaction .
and ya then practice with the guns to control recoil
i realize that which is why i have said i 'm letting her make that decision herself not pressuring her to move at all .
my inquiry was on the strange experiment she wants to do .
and just for the record neither i nor her want a child anytime soon maybe ever .
maybe suggest him see a therapist if he is n't already .
you have to be able to have trustsnd communication .
if you work really hard to you get an extra cut of the profits earned by your hard work ?
and if you did quit your job are there other jobs nearby you that pay you the same or more but value your input ?
it makes my husband go crazy when i do .
that 's better mileage than i have read about .
you were wrong so we downvote so others know you are wrong a downvote is n't personal get off your high horse
i am always shocked at how much they want to charge for it .
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identify theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
please refrain from posting uplifting '' threads https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/upliftingposts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
tua is a great qb but clemson has by far the best defense of any team bama has faced all season .
there 's no way to fully prepare for that level of talent and athleticism .
this is what i tell my gf that only plays support .
if she wants to climb to gold just play annie .
the original comment was arguing on foot which is incorrect .
i made this exact point you 're making further down .
clearly you dont pay much attention to congress.. at least they know the job they were elected for prior to being elected
i 'm a huge canucks fan so i might be a tad bias .
i play him on the 4th line and 2nd pp .
i do notice he does get knocked off the puck a little easy .
do n't feel bad the way i see you guys is ya'll so no problem there
hey why does n't your mom call you from prison for your intro package ? ''
the producers must have so much fun putting these introduction videos together
hopefully the top minds of the world can figure something out otherwise shit is going to get really uncomfortable .
i do n't even remember the name of the scout leader .
at the normal '' 1st trimester ultrasound after graduating to the ob .
also little girl did not want to cooperate at one of the 2nd trimester scans and the doctor said they were going to try to do everything they can to avoid having to do a transvaginal ultrasound and he looked so apologetic at the idea .
i just looked at him like dude shove the wand up there if you need to this an ivf baby and idgaf .
i mean i didnt curse but i did tell him she 's an ivf baby and i had like 20 transvaginal ultrasounds and i really would n't care .
a big tent that only actually represents the center .
i do n't rent my gear out so it 's always in my relative control .
i wish others would chime in because i think i 'm the norm .
except they wo n't pave any roads then those that lead to dominos .
pretty sure we need more roads repaired than those within 2 miles of dominos .
not to mention there are a few hundred more potholes that need filling than the few dozen dominos took care of .
it 's fucking open source it 's not like you 're paying for it .
i do n't get what you 're complaining about .
also opening the command line and copy and pasting a command has to be the easiest thing i can think of .
how can you be mind blown that an open source community project run by nerdy tech guys for other nerdy tech guys is n't going to be absolutely 100 exactly like windows ? ? ?
also your complaints are honestly ridiculous how many times do you honestly need to rename a usb drive ?
also it maybe takes a minute of research and 20 seconds in a terminal
imagine being fucking upset that an entire operating system that essentially works 100 out of the box that 's presented to you for free wants you to maybe do a tiny bit of work to get things configured the way you like them .
i ca n't believe how well he played yesterday .
and after patrick robinson played way above expectations last year .
say what you will about our secondary but we keep seeing guys step up when it counts .
well i did n't expect a pick six this early .
when people talk about na player i do n't think they mean not us '' or not canadian '' .
oh god the first time i watched this was without sound and i still loved it .
i 'm only to season 4 so far but yes she never gets better .
a lot of the other characters grow and become pretty amazing though so do n't focus too much on clarke .
hope i can experience that too ... we will see
we do n't allow posts from brand new accounts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thickdick if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd love to see a tv series with similar funding to game of thrones and similar commitment/understanding in the first few seasons
there also a testament that basically states that everyone is equal
put tua under any semblance of pressure and he struggles .
meaning that she 'll date a full asian or a full white .
but yea i think a phd is 15-20 pts of 100 where 80 is the threshold for skilled entry .
i doubt we will see anything catastrophic but there is always a risk .
yut lung is a deconstruction of the hero 's twisted rival that has fallen too far to the dark side ''
you expect yut lung to live up to the hype and be amazing but then you see him drunk and broken and a mess and realise he 's only human .
i certainly prefer this a hell of a lot more than the shit we got at canaan where that rival bitch shot her fucking arm off and fell off a train because she was dead inside '' .
yut lung is the golden standard every rival character needs to live up to from now on .
i think the moderators can block people to enter the subreddit but sadly they can come back with a new account .
that 's the same as when i would wear it .
i really only like it because i think the sapphire crystal looks good against the z-blue .
the magnetic field resistance is n't a feature i need either .
you might see me phased since i 'm on wyrmrest .
but yeah i 'm one of the few pandaren shadow priests you see .
i 've only seen a handful of other pandaren in shadowform ... ever really .
can i steal it from you to use it has my wallpaper ?
when you ride an naked bike you sit more upright and it affects your posture making your back hurt and the wind pushes you back then you have the low saddle/seat height which can make your legs hurt after a while even if it say is a 90 degree angle .
the rear sets are not that much lower compared to a sportbike .
not sure about standards/nakeds but i disagree where this concerns adv bikes .
sitting upright is good posture and a windscreen takes most of the wind pressure off your torso and head .
not sure what you mean about low saddle/seat height '' a v-strom has 33.5 '' seat height .
and the pegs on the strom are significantly lower and more fwd so much so that it is really easy to go from a sitting position to standing on the pegs .
try that on a sport bike and you look like you are presenting '' .
it would be if it were accompanied by something else .
if you add it to a dish it can make the dish better .
if you 're only eating it it 'll fucking kill you .
i 'll measure it 's internal size and see if that fits it .
i know the 100s are considerably larger then the shorts but i did n't have any of those to compare to .
i agree for their first repeat headliner it sure does feel like a wasted slot .
kirpa is so pretty wow i like her a lot
yeah it 's definitely dark and certain scenes have a lot of emotional weight .
i just hated when that officer gets turned into robocop at the end .
claiming he 's a villain is just your political opinion .
supporting a party that thinks socialism is cool and wanting the infrastructure that made america the most successful and powerful country in the world to crumble is just plain disgusting .
they 're fussy and attention has to be on their terms .
many times i 've been cuddling with mine and then they got fed up and snapped a bit .
just make sure the wounds clean and bandage it if necessary but chances are you 're fine .
can go from responsible sedan to muscle car drifting animal with a preset thumb mashable button on the steering wheel ?
i 'm also digging the heated steering wheel button ... ..on the steering wheel .
telling people to kill themselves is not an example of being relatable .
i do n't think it 's some horrible thing given his likely intentions but it sounds like you 've lost a little perspective when it comes to rose .
you were molested protecting yourself from potential harm is n't the same as giving consent .
if so that opens up a whole other can of worms .
he 's about 300 pounds now ali said he thinks he 's gon na come back at hw
and i work in the most evil financial services .
i do have some pull and you bet your ass i put that karma out into the world .
51 points and no celtics player is in double figures yet
i think the joke is to make your teacher think you have gum and when she goes to scold you you can be a little shit because they 're actually just erasers .
a friend and i went to chicago pre-gps era .
going up there on friday we got lost and ended up taking 4 hours longer than it should have to get there .
on the way home on sunday we got caught in a blizzard that shut the highway down completely .
we were stranded at a truck stop for 6 hours .
by this time i was just done and wanted to get home .
it was 1:00 am and there were very few cars on the road .
i saw the cop on the median and immediately slowed down and pulled over before his lights and sirens turned on .
i sat there waiting for the inevitable ticket for reckless op .
after running my license he asked me where i was coming from chicago and looked at my home address .
he then asked you got caught in that blizzard in gary did n't you ? i told him yes and told him about getting lost on friday .
he handed me back my license and said this is an opportunity to be a better driver and do the right thing .
my friend and i sat there in confusion as the cop got back into his car and left without giving me an official warning or a ticket .
i should 've had my ass handed to me on a platter for how fast i was going .
but instead he understood my frustration and desire to get home .
i adhered perfectly to the speed limit the rest of the way home .
i would n't be able to work with that beautiful face in my work place 😍
he 's definitely in the discussion over guys like hill/adams/aj/thomas but i 'd say the top four is a pretty solidified odell nuk ab and julio no order .
what remote relevance does that have whatsoever that would have been cause for him to recuse himself ?
what any judge who ever disagrees with trump about any possible unrelated issue should never oversee a trial involving him ?
there is n't one iota of coherent thought in an argument like that .
any downside to a full water team besides being weak to grass stuff ?
i got chang'e pulled mars along the way and got eve everyone else seemed to be bad according to the tier list and some were n't appealing from the sharegacha .
out of those which one is a better leader and is the leader the person my friends see ?
edit also is there another way to uncap people besides getting another copy ?
you forgot to say no homo the i 'm not gay is n't enough
i 'm from the uk and got to go there recently !
it was so amazing they kept the skeleton of the second tallest man alive and let me the you giants exist .
sadly i think that the punishment of labour will simply mean not voting at all
god i think i 'd actually just fucking die if that happened .
woolie and pat seem like great actual friends outside of work .
there 's been a few answers hear covering the emergence of human language here from a biology perspective it 's an open question when and how it developed .
the books are good recommendations so i 'm gon na focus on scripts instead .
every culture we 've documented used language spoken or signed but not all used writing systems .
it does n't seem to be a thing that just happens super naturally either since we have about three/four examples of writing emerging ancient near east in cuneiform egyptian hieroglyphics whose simplification and mutation eventually led to latin/greek/cyrillic/indic/hebrew/arabic/mongolian systems chinese oracle bone script which influenced most of the east asian writing systems and in south and meso-america .
in all cases they were originally quasi-pictorial individual characters mapped to an idea or image .
as you keep writing stuff though your gon na need more and more images so a lot of the ancient languages tended be logograthmic which is a symbol mental word in language mapping helped with phonetic extenders and markers to disambiguate context .
for instance ancient cuneiform is complicated to read with each symbol potentially having multiple semantic or sound meanings .
over time some of these scripts ended up simplifying and relying on phonetic mapping and spelling more and more which led to the more familiar alphabets abjads and abugidas of today .
alternatively logograthmic representation remained as in chinese and some other east asian scripts .
so why is it that there 's only been 3/4 real creations of language but there 's hundreds of scripts and written languages ?
well generally people would adopt them as needed if exposed to it as did the greeks with phonecian script and the ancient persians and elamites cuneiform adapting them to fit the meanings and sound systems of their languages .
additionally sometimes academics and scholars attempt to update develop or reform scripts to better fit the language as in old church slavonic modern chinese spelling reform korean hangul spanish royal academy ' regular suggested update to spelling which is a great part of how they work '' a few thousand years of practice some hard work and people generally adopting what works the most .
1 i do n't count scripts constructed by people already familiar with writing like tolkien 's elvish or canadian syllabic script to count as from scratch '' here .
i 'm so bad about using it daily even though i know it helps but it 's an absolute staple for me !
the point is for it to be excessive i 'd figure .
is he already a friend of yours or is this just some hot rando boy ?
rocky he gets adrian up to his apartment for the first time .
he 's holding onto a beam that makes him look menacing compared to adrian and you get a clue that he has a past and has been around the block .
he come up to her and says i 'm gon na kiss you .
you do n't have to kiss me back . ''
prost had better stats than senna at mclaren as teamates .
you 're just full of bullshit with an irrational hate for hamilton dude
and every nation will have a british-derived parliamentary system with two equally stupid parties squandering about some nonsense .
you do n't want to call her friend and blow up on her talk to her when you 're in a more calm state of mind .
i 'm really sorry for what you 're going through try to get some rest .
i 've seen this happen with anti-vaxxers when they say they want more studies after they 've made it clear that they 'll view any study showing safety or efficacy as part of a conspiracy .
most baskerville italics have a descender on the upper and lowercase ‘z ' .
i think the only other place you can buy tamales is your front door when the tamale lady comes door to door .
i mean they do n't sell them in stores do they ?
he is also set to travel to the border on thursday .
wow is that safe with all those criminals and terrorists that are pouring over the border ?
anyway let this be an end to the people that say he avoids combat zones .
i personally like vhaedar but i know that ai n't happening outside the agot mod .
good try previously.. keep guessing it till you get it full .
as a 18 yr old girl there are so many things that can go wrong if you go visit him .
it seems he has already isolated you from your family .
you are 18 you might be legally adult but you still have a whole lot of growing to do .
or matt parker album surf if you 're interested in an asym
put the second base station under a second email address .
you wo n't get push notifications but it 'll be free .
i thought they would have a group for new mothers ?
i already fighting my battle depression and trying talk is hard for me .
having someone screaming and crying would be feeling like i am invaild to talk .
the baby not at fault since have no foggiest why they are there .
but could n't their be a mother 's therapy session for parents/mothers only ?
earthlings just gets worse the more you watch imo .
the farming industry is disgusting but i could n't even look at the fur chapter .
skinning alive.. it 's too horrific to even see that .
it 's what turned me vegetarian at 12 years old as i stumbled onto some peta videos .
and people still complaining about niantic for doing nothing ... ..
its the vapor quality that makes you cough not just the fact that its vapor alone .
the air path in a dynavap is so short you 'd have to light almost right at the tip to get vapor from it that did n't irritate your throat when hitting it dry .
that 's your equivalent of asking for a playstation and getting a game station '' from grandma/mom lol !
ive seen like 5 scifi novels come true in the last handful of years .
true man my favorite impact/tna broadcast team was mike tenay and don west .
you have to be king-ranked to do the sumptuous baptism event and the pope costs a hefty bit on top of that .
its a shame his load out is so specific its kinda hard to fit him in regular games .
atleast his deathwatch/flamer arm is fully removable i gave mine a regular bolt pistol and shoulder pad and is currently an assault squad sergeant .
i have memory leak or something once the fps goes down it does n't go up until i restart the game .
yup as the author i can confirm that that 's the intent .
or you lack the basic comprehension skill to even read comments ?
on a side note which part of my comment before supported those 'journalists ' ?
my main gripe is with trash talkers like you who are scurrying through anime subreddits destroying every thread with your anti-sjw screeches leaving zero space for nuanced discussions .
there are two kinds of scum in every anime fandom
the so called journalists who make mountains out of molehills for nothing
you guys with your sjw rants giving birth to irrelevant circlejerk
if you ever want to do midi bass these things are almost a must. '
the normal yamaha pickup just is n't isolated enough and bass tracking with low frequencies is harder than guitar .
i decided to test how strong a pressure washer was .
many people trying out these kinds of lifestyles like flax hemp buckwheat chia microwave muffins made with egg or egg replacements .
these can be flavored in many different ways literally take 2 mins .
lots of people put coconut milk products or oat milk in their coffee if they tolerate them .
this girls tik tok is a fucking gold mine for trash .
i think a big hurdle is visualizing candidate positions .
online you can explore '' games and test everything out by moving the pieces around but in real life you have to calculate .
an im even told me to close my eyes and calculate in my mind do n't even look at the board at all .
i think the aussie one is at a convention or something .
i would love to feel the weight of them .
thanks i 've got one of those benchmade h k knives but they discontinued them so i stashed it away and picked up the little kershaw for everyday carry .
i guess i 'll throw this juul in with it .
is there an expectation that society would be aligned on this issue ?
is this a five nights at freddy 's mod ?
i 'm also 5ft and i 've been 88lbs and 114 .
it 's a combo of having a small frame and being short af i suppose .
either way 100lbs is perfectly healthy and normal ... not near too thin
you 're not going to believe this but some of my fondest memories on drugs happened while i was high .
jesus christ i 'm glad i got a droid turbo 2 instead of this or a 5x .
the turbo 2 had its own issues but it had decent battery life .
thank you for the reply i 'll definitely play around with complex numbers for a refresher .
would it be less ethical than allowing parents to ruin the lives of their own children and the people that they will eventually affect ?
the government being able to selectively sterilize people is literally the plot of a shitty science fiction book nobody would read .
what would the criteria even be for determing who is able to have children and who would make the ultimate decision ?
also who in the fuck wants the government to have that much power over our lives ?
edit i 'm literally sitting here trying to figure out how any human being could possibly want this to be a reality .
lifting math tedious process of dating chores and other physical work .
but there are plenty of fans who think he is as good as a sack of potatoes .
they 're both balanced both players in both modes have the same tools at their disposal .
this game is n't all about shooting and seeing it 's about being smart good placement and knowing where threats can come from .
i 'll play 3pp in 1pp mode and still do well because i 'm not incompetent not because lulz fpp is only real pp ''
trying to find the red one on the map was extremely difficult for color blind folks .
i do n't know why you 're downvoted i 'm fairly sure that increased body temperature is the proposed mechanism for increased toxicity .
if it 's a friend my child does n't play with then we kindly decline .
if you do n't like birthday party culture then do n't participate as much or get to know the parents and ask if you can just drop off .
imo if parents stay then they 're on their own .
it 's hard enough to entertain children while ensuring safety and keeping things flowing without worrying if parents are satisfied with the experience .
my daughter is 7 so we just drop off but in the early years i was able to meet a lot of parents at parties and exchanged contact info
now you 're putting words in my mouth because you have no other argument .
convoy s2 and skilhunt h03 are both great for this .
of you have a neighbor across the street you hate this is a good way of telling him if you have a school across the street i do n't know what to say to that .
the abc is not culturally aligned with the greens '' that does n't make any sense .
i ca n't think of any situation where the greens have popped up in an abc story when it was n't relevant or newsworthy .
the most evident form of greens bias at the abc is the over-representation or greens focussed and greens favourable stories .
in other words the inflation of relevance offered to the greens exclusively on topics that are favourable to them .
if any subject which is a core issue of the greens is discussed the greens will be given equal coverage .
however when there is an issue which is challenging for the greens they are left out of the discussion .
the abc treats the greens like a third force in politics in a way that is completely inconsistent with their coverage of other minor parties .
other minor parties tend to be looked at as pieces to be played by the major parties the focus is on horse trading on parliamentary process etc .
they 're treated as a third force because they are a third force .
the greens on the other hand receive coverage about policy positions and announcements .
despite the fact these are meaningless coming from a minor party .
labor and liberal both get coverage about policy positions and announcements .
greens do too because they 're the third biggest party and their positions on issues are relevant .
even if you do n't believe they 're newsworthy in of themselves they 're relevant as other political parties manoeuvre themselves in reaction to them .
particularly with labor who are currently in a locked battle with them over the left .
that breath of the wild is n't really in any of the legend of zelda timelines but the one that they all convulse back to explaining why it references histories of multiple games in different timelines although i have considered it could be a restart circumstance aka before the orginal timeline but that is more a part of the same theory
but a mortgage stays as a lien to the property so it has to be paid off or assumed in order for the property to be sold or transferred .
or else the mortgage lender is going to foreclose on it .
also any assets that are part of you estate must be used to pay off your debts before your estate can be distributed to your heirs .
your best bet is to sit down with an estate planning lawyer who can advise you how to set up your assets will and maybe a trust so your heirs get the maximum benefit you 'd like them to .
also since you are married you are an independent '' student for federal aid purposes .
imo oliver st. john is doing his will far more than most people on this subreddit .
i 'm happy for him even though i do n't follow his branch of thelema and would defend him in a 'court of thelema ' .
some of his ideas are also very good and not thought of before in thelema i have most respect for him .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search ? q=title 3asanfrancisco 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on rss feed for notifications .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search.rss ? q=title 3asanfrancisco 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
read this https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/comments/a12zza/metapsa_one_does_not_simply_ban_trolls 1 https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/about/sticky ? num=1 and this !
starting here https reddit.com/ad9dny m4f in bayarea to see how long op 's been at it and what responses they 've had and any warning signs like changing stories etc !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofmuffdive if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah man you got your whole life to trip patience is key
i use flying machine on ladder and it remains a very underrated card .
always consult your table of standard reduction potentials to tell you which species in the equation is more like to be reduced and which on is more likely to be oxidized .
the easiest way is to just compare the deltag values of each .
then this is a complete 180 from the last news i heard about this mod .
16x8 method racing nvs with 285/75 dick cepek extreme country 's .
none of them have any significant foothold in the states though so none of them put much pressure on wwe overall
it 's really popular in a lot of european candies/desserts .
i do n't understand how it is cereal and not just a tiny dessert tray dumped in a bowl .
this is just from the cheaper cotton fabric in the quilting section of spotlight .
i bought 3m and was able to produce 2 cushions .
i usually use panne velvet but my partner and i wanted a more rustic look with our own cushions .
i have used satin which looks nice but it wrinkles really badly if you sit in the cushion like my partner does and creases are much harder to get out of smocked satin .
the cotton still can wrinkle if you smoosh/sit on them but they 're much easier to iron out and come out nicer .
though panne velvet will always be the best as it never wrinkles !
fixed a bug where corrupting tier 15 shaped maps could result in a lower tier map .
ok i get that my t15 shaped belfry can no longer corrupt into a t11 shaped volcano or something like that .
but does the bolded part mean that any 1 corruption on shaped maps can now yield any non-shaped map of the higher tier ?
so say i vaal orb my shaped waste pool does this mean that it can turn into a desert spring even if i intentionally dont have that map completed on my atlas since i dont want to ever run it ?
if that 's the case this is a fucked up change which will do more harm than good .
thank you for at least being honest about what it 's really about .
do you think it 's in the interest of the bulk of the white people in this country to have more brown people coming into the country ?
if so why and if not then why should they not want to cut back on it ?
unless you are interested in a pyrana or arca plasmor mod in trade it 's likely out of my current range until i dump some inventory which will be a while .
the effective rate never came close to 90 or 70
nobody though it did and no one is suggesting that we do that today .
the comment you 're replying to literally specifies top marginal tax rate . ''
there 's no shame in living with your parents as long as it works for you and them .
i moved back in with my mom at the age of 34 after my divorce destroyed my life savings .
it was incredibly helpful at the time to have a place to reset .
once i was back on my feet though i could n't get out fast enough .
after that it was the first time i had lived alone in my life which was an invaluable self-learning experience .
imo that 's what you should be looking forward to eventually .
everyone should live alone at some point in their life it 's very freeing .
it 's your place and nobody can fuck with it except for you .
but really you do n't have to rush it if you have a good thing going now .
lol same with abyss except you get to see when the enemy is gon na use their ultimate example mushrooms and mercedes
4g speeds are generally in the neighborhood of dsl say 5-15 mbps .
5g speeds are expected to range anywhere from 500 mbps 1.5 gpbs .
the extra speed may not be crazy useful for the things you are currently doing with your phone because you are already capable of doing those things with your current speeds .
the extra speed opens up a whole new realm of possible things you can do which your current 4g phone simply ca n't .
the first one of those things for many people may well be to ditch their current home internet .
who needs to deal with comcast for home tv and internet when you can get a 5g device that will allow everyone in the family to stream 4k video at once ?
a jump in capability like this does n't just make things faster it makes whole new things possible .
why post such a low quality play and be disrespectful oh wait you 're probably in iron and dont know how to not be toxic never mind !
i 'll ask again what is your theory here ?
that multiple state dmv agencies are slow rolling just tesla titles ?
i wonder if these parents get their children to act out these scenarios .
you can setup a custom dfs game on draft kings just for you and your friends .
more satisfying than microwaving them that 's for sure .
better yet you will put the flame out on a molotov and put it away !
when i say spawn it in i mean just download builders workshop map and grab it on your character .
college football in the us is broken into 5 major conferences power 5 and a bunch of smaller schools in a bunch of conferences .
they each have their own individual network deals by conference but espn is going to have the most individual games because the networks for 3 of the power 5 acc sec pac 12 are espn owned .
i 'm not sure how those deals work out though internationally though .
in the us we have watch espn which comes with most cable subscriptions it allows you to watch anything on an espn network or on abc .
just had a look at the output of the hdr10 release with madvr converting to sdr .
as expected the black levels remain the same regardless of settings clipped at 100nits using the tone mapping curve etc .
so it 's not a tv setting or the tvs tone mapping curve .
lol ive tried to draw her a few times it never comes out right
yeah i was more aware of that than him doing poi actually but it shows that he 's hit the ground running with it .
if anything it makes me hopeful for the future of jed+maurissa 's projects in the future .
no stupendous bot is this subreddits mascot and gives us the date for the strip .
we tend to greet him and tell him he is stupendous .
if it is n't there to break up the monotony of actual christmas drivel like 'the christmas prince ' and 'a christmas wedding ' i and everyone desperately trying to convince their friends and family will go bat shit crazy before new years .
well if you are into manga it 's a pretty recommendable series .
it 's been one of the darlings of r/manga for a long time now and it 's close to finishing if the author stops having random hiatuses
on the contrary you know ghb/lhb/bhb maps are going to use this skill and make your own dazzling staff/firesweep/windswwep/watersweep units worse for them
actually i 'm gon na f my way back in h because it was a joke and i am a closet laker fan .
for those wondering the relevant type of scam a triangle scam is addressed in this post by r/leesalt https old.reddit.com/r/mtgfinance/comments/adj8u9/is_this_a_scam_someone_selling_sealed_allegiance/edhw4x3
the seller takes your money and many times will send you the actual product so you 're happy and they get good feedback .
what happens is they use stolen credit cards to purchase the items they send you but they ship the item directly to you through an online shop like tcgplayer or cfb scg etc for full price .
so then the credit card gets reported as stolen the cc company takes their money from the company that originally has the item .
then the only recourse the company has is based on two addresses your address and the address of the person whose cc was stolen .
it 's doubtful they pursue either since one was a victim of crime and another was the unassuming purchaser of stolen goods .
in general this scam usually only hurts the company that sells the original product but it 's not something i want to be involved in because it 's just a shitty thing to do .
edit also you 're dealing with known human scum so there 's no guarantee you 'll even get the stolen goods sent to you .
the cc may be caught before it 's sent or any other number of things .
unfortunately your submission appears to mirror a common thought .
please remember that as per rule 1 all showerthoughts must be original and unique .
ci sono un sacco di canzoni italiane in cui mi piacciono la ritmica e l'intonazione ma la maggior parte dei testi parlano di cose romantiche che purtroppo non mi riguardano perché sono da sempre single ascoltare canzoni di questo tipo mi fa sentire ancora più solo e diverso dagli altri che riescono facilmente a trovare una donna .
ci sono autori che compongono testi in cui parlano di cose come la solitudine e il non riuscire a trovare la dolce metà ?
well i do n't i do n't want to be told how to combat something .
oh sorry to hear fighting games are not for you .
most impressive but you are not a jedi yet !
if you have to ask you are too young to know .
only a few months ago prevailing opinions on this subreddit were all for sophisticated content that catered to the hardcore and dedicated .
obscure puzzles that motivated the community to solve together .
now that we have it people want the opposite straightforward content that 's accessible to everyone .
the very design philosophy people criticised vanilla d2 for .
i guess the idea of difficult and exclusive content is more attractive than the reality of being one of the people excluded from it .
looks to good to ruin with edited text from paint though
that 's more of the ignition cylinder than the key rhough right ?
are n't you supposed to do drugs at joshua tree
what you think he turned out the opioid vote ?
more like he campaigned on doing something about the problem .
he turned out counties who have to deal with opioid users .
i found it interesting he also turned out rural areas where a large percentage of young people had deployed overseas in active combat .
damaged and dead youth made his message of isolationism attractive .
actually with kiames in-game def editor you can fix many of those things yourself .
though only for the actual traits not for the preferences added with psychology .
you do n't even have to know how to mod apart from understanding the different datasets and how to trim them to your liking .
when i move i 'm still going back to a place surrounded by dogs .
but maybe some day i 'll find that glorious place all of us here on dogfree are looking for .
hi i do n't really have any question just wanted to say good job you can be proud of yourself
personally i would have the villain dispose of the heroes in one way or another .
if not murdered or set far far away then perhaps used as helpful yet meaningless patsies .
after all there is nothing to be gained by promoting up adventurers that you had intended to fail in defeating your own machinations .
under classic registration when you open up a course it 's somewhere to the right under the list of sections .
the wc3 remaster is a joke haha it 's like they do n't wan na spend for r d .
what i meant is even if you announced your target to your group most of them will just ignore it anyways .
there 's no point pressing the button if no one actually cares .
i did n't read any of the other comments before posting this so maybe it 's just my area but where i 'm at we have a ton of drug use i think at one point we were in the top percentage of overdoses per capita .
around here if you 're a felon but making an effort to change yourself then you 're gladly accepted .
i had a lot of recovering addicts in my basic classes but even those you knew who had been to prison or were addicts they were welcomed with open arms and even received more support from their peers .
i 'm not sure how it is elsewhere but i genuinely hope people accept you for who you are now .
i do n't have any tips on subjects to go into but i have tips on what helped me through college !
it 's been proven that writing in colors other than black/blue help you retain information .
i would switch colors when the topic changed and highlight any important information within those .
for math it helps when you 're doing different steps of an equation or different parts of a problem .
since i chose to write in pen it sometimes bled through so as wasteful as it is i only wrote on one side of the paper .
i found it easier to read and study when i went back to it .
or they were mine at least i personally liked to keep a 1-1.5 binder for each class a different color for each back to colors lol that way you ca n't confuse them .
there were a couple of times when i grabbed the wrong binder for the wrong class .
it 's always good to know at least one person in a class in case you have to miss or need help with an assignment
i am such a huge procrastinator and i regretted it every .
so just try your best to work on stuff even if it 's only a little bit at a time .
of course it wo n't be easy but you can do it !
and as you go you 'll find what works best for you those are just worked for me .
so good luck on your journey i wish you nothing but luck ! !
the best way seems to be jumping or hiding behind cover .
while driving with my windows down i 'm going to go over a snake and it 's going to flap somehow and land on me .
i will not dye in he car crash cuz my gear is going to explode before that .
we even have the terrible traffic on certain times of the day !
then build on from there to someone in real life
below you will find a very small part from chapter 4 given from both translations in order to compare
happiness caused by the desirable lovable and pleasurable things such as husband wives children clothings immoveable properties cattle elephants good and silver and by pleasurable conditions of the visual-objects seen by the eye and wit-intelligence etc is known as sāmisasukha .
it means to say happiness '' connected with the food or kāmaguṇa sensual pleasures .
this means happiness depending upon the dwelling place of sensual pleasures or family life .
it is to be regarded that sukha pleasure or happiness has occurred when feeling happy primarily depending upon the beautiful sight and giving attention to things or visual objects of kāmaguṇa such as husband wife etc..
it should also be regarded that sukha has occurred primarily depending upon the pleasant and sweet voice etc. and by dwelling the mind with attentiveness on the object of kāmaguṇa such as husband wife etc. and on audible objects etc. when becoming happy .
happiness or pleasure may also take place by being able to bear in mind of the immediate fulfilment of the desire connected with such sensual objects or things .
happiness is also likely to occur by reflecting on what has been felt in connection with the fulfilment of desires in the past .
at the moment of the occurrence of delightful sensations it should be noted with awareness as happy happy '' .
the happiness associated with external things that one loves or is fond of—one 's spouse children clothing property estate animals gold silver and so on—or with internal things that one loves—one 's eyesight comfort talents skills and so on—is called worldly pleasure sāmisasukha .
the pāḷi term literally means happiness that feeds on sensual pleasure that is happiness associated with sensual objects .
it is also called home happiness gehassitasomanassa that is happiness that dwells in the home of sensual satisfaction .
when one enjoys the beauty or sweet voice of one 's spouse for example that visual object or sound arouses happiness .
or one may feel happy when thinking about a good time one had in the past .
one should note all of these kinds of happiness as happy happy
i 'm willing to bet none of them started with an awkward conversation at a coffee shop like so tell me your interests what do you do on your free time ?
they kinda do except instead of wan na be friends '' it 's something like hey wan na get a beer sometime or watch some sportsball ''
positively as it has has gifted me with almost all optc knowledge i possess as of this day .
also negatively as the fanboys really hoard on games like this bending their whole life over .
and then when normal players suffer from this as they have a real life to govern they get bashed by the bendovers .
the norm is life optc and i really feel bad for the general gaming community .
because god forbid if you as a player would have any input or opinion on your gaming experience at all .
just pay with all of your wallet stfu or get the fuck out the game if it does n't suit you..
the number one threat to the gaming industry imo .
also the rates progress and time invested are constantly getting relatively lowered .
i play for progress if i played for the experience i would be doing story mode over and over again .
wouldnt even been playing the past year if it wasnt for this reddit .
uh residents of washington dc do n't get representation and they 're taxed .
next time a dlc gets teased you should realise what im on about hopefully it gets better but the mods went over board with the latest dlc .
a minimum of 150 characters is required for self-posts in r/netflix .
before you repost it consider these possibilities ... is your post actually a suggestion for netflix ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/netflix if you have any questions or concerns .
i started by volunteering and they offered me a paid position
i just want to know his move sets think he 'll have like a full block stance ?
right like killua has seen some shit in his time and he was horrified .
good to know while i continue to procrastinate from visiting the greybeards
let 's see if we can go 100 no 200 hours until visiting them i 've played somewhere between 20-40 hours on this save
the existence is superdelegates '' is the most legal and most obvious form of cheating employed .
the dnc appoints some individuals in each state to act as delegates directly who get to cast their vote regardless of how rank and file voters vote in a state primary or caucus .
their vote counts tens of thousands of times as much as other people and their only qualification is the party appointed them to that position '' .
some sanders supporters are sore that the media reports their declared intentions for how they 're going to vote early like when the primaries get started or when their own states vote instead of at the convention at the culmination of the process .
but imo the real problem is there are superdelegates '' at all .
defenders of the dnc will argue that the superdelegates have never determined the final outcome of an election .
they argue this in the process usually of defending the existence and necessity of keeping superdelegates around just in case . ''
the fact that you just compared the private sale of national parks to calls for gun control after a school shooting is ... worrying .
vertcal lines on film are scratches on the surface of a film print .
this can be due to the print running over some dirt a stuck roller or any stationary object in the film path .
for this reason areas handling film are usually well-maintained and very clean .
on film stock there is an 'emulsion ' side where the image is printed and heavy scratches can look green as most of the emulsion is scratched off the film .
if the scratch is lighter it will appear black instead .
source i was a film projectionist and accidentally caused a few scratches in my time .
i am not mad at him but it 's weird to see all this people go like fuck gbc for not saving peeps life while this dude was also on the bus
see the other comment to yours he voiced better what i meant .
without higher rpm and more damage it will not be an effective gun .
you are not sensitive to gluten only people with cealic disease are .
i think ings is out for a couple of weeks or so .
try to find a replacement if it seems he wo n't play soon .
rashford is my preferred striker currently but jimenez is great too .
of course you would have to find the money somewhere .
glorfindel had already slain balrogs before during an earlier age .
did n't he only kill one and die in the process ?
i wish i could understand so much more about the human body in specific the brain .
i 'm so intrigued and fascinated by threads like this people who are so open and willing to share all these things .
and thank you for standing up to the shadow people
under pressure the incredible true story bobby tarantino and some of his earlier mixtapes are really good projects but i just ca n't stand some of his new stuff .
i use it on my entire face in the pm and sometimes as a spot treatment in the am too !
also you might have provided an id but the system needs a human to review it so it may take a day or so before your case is actually seen .
the real question is would ! fou find spartacus cute enough to bring back ?
i would n't be surprised if it was some sort of insider information .
it seems awfully convenient that a new voodoo uncensor method was discovered '' just before the q a the month after that game-file-modifying ban regarding costumes and then the rep mentions that they 've changed their stance regarding whether the old uncensor patch was suggested '' .
but maybe it 's just that someone happened to try the recipe .
this is honestly a nice place to stay hopefully i 'd be able to stay somewhere like this
man i 'm really close to saying fuck it and blowing all my orbs and forgetting this game .
oh sure there 's plenty of new skills and laguz are finally in the game but getting one and a decent one because loliv is a crap shoot .
aparently app requires you to download file from some out of country website which wants payment via paypal .
cumtown boys were a hair 's breadth away from being cancelled after the sargon of fagkad debacle .
if they lose patreon 0 chance it stays afloat for more than 3 episodes and 0 chance nick does n't hilariously dive off the wagon .
i would n't rely on that as a successful point just because i think it 's tenuous
she would be a player in my dnd campaign and we would cuddle and watch netflix after every session .
totally agree and even if we do n't reach it by the end of this challenge i 'm sure we will reach it one of these days !
being surrounded by people with the same goals as you is so motivational !
mining ships need to be fast for this very reason .
you can actually see the shape of m42 in this survey pretty well major star forming regions around the trapezium and m43 as well as the running man
the op comment got removed for hate but i will say that as someone who has n't played the tabletop to me the setting is much bigger than tt and i wish games workshop would be more willing to do things with their license and not make so many decisions around protecting the tt sacred cow .
but i understand i 'm probably in the minority .
as is i can still get a lot of enjoyment from the black library books and occasional video game .
i would be me 1 day before i died and prevent me from dying
if you start feeling dizziness or nausea there is a very simple thing that you need to do before anything else
closing your eyes will remove the inputs that are causing the nausea/dizziness .
after you 've paused for 10s or so with your eyes closed take off the headset and take a break .
damn that 's crazy that was a really good team
i really hate that i can say this on ksp 's subreddit but the textbook solution is to get good .
downvoting me wo n't fix the fact that i 'm right either .
in all seriousness it takes practice balancing contracts progress with your buildings and rnd .
and it would be immoral to teach his words as gospel .
lol kenan has been doing sketch comedy all his life .
the swedish fish of the north swedish sea are flavored with the juices of poseidon .
the tip if to break your spine with every twist
i 'm sorry but this has nothing to do with seattle or the seattle area .
pick the breed you want look through several kennel clubs not just big ones try breed specific contact a breeder and give them thorough information on what you want and what questions you have .
if they can show you their parents where they 've been raised the considerations to breeding those parents health records awards etc proving the mating wasnt just for lolz among a few other things then that 's an ethical breeder .
anybody breeding dogs without a purpose and strong family lines is unethical .
that one was way more fun than it has any right to be .
suddenly there 's a story and it 's a cliffhanger ?
there was a sandstorm event that gave me 3 3
so here is where they voted for a wall really a fence or physical barrier .
this is not a camping trip susie this is war and i love it !
in practice it 'd prolly turn into a duvall camargo culberson rotation unless duvall just bounces back quick .
if no one emerges it 'd be a opportunity to add at the trade deadline .
it 's not the most ideal but not the worst the team as it stands can hold up for the regular season and we can build a world series team in july .
which from my experiences with them not much so your knowing more '' frankly means fuck all .
they made a movie about the fornite character ? ! ?
i completely agree while i do believe in white and male privilege you have definitely had your struggles too and no one and deprive you o the respect you deserve for going through it all .
came here to post this as well the sammies are so good here .
if i die i 'll still be conscious in my body for eternity even when i 'm buried .
i think this fear cake from this article about how this patient who underwent anesthesia was still able to feel pain and hear the doctors throughout half of the operation .
coworkers would come and stand at your elbow and look over your shoulder .
my ex before this ex called me from a private number when i had him blocked .
if he must reach you he 'll reach you .
if you 're in northern virginia dc suburbs richmond or hampton roads you 're fine .
here in alexandria ‘fuck trump ' is how we say hello to neighbors in the morning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/joerogan if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm guessing rare wanted to be first to confirm razer jumped the gun ?
it 's helpful because the people actually interested in what i am saying will take the time to think it through .
there 's a huge overlap between say the fortnite player base and redditors .
the people you describe largely know better but do n't give a shit because they 're assholes .
unless you have better demographics information than i do this is an utterly unfounded statement .
arguing with anonymous strangers on the internet is a sucker 's game because they almost always turn out to be—or to be indistinguishable from—self-righteous sixteen-year-olds possessing infinite amounts of free time.
most people forget this and project what they are or are afraid of being on the other end of the conversation .
the dude is n't the weird part ... it 's the period blood at the wall .
i just realised the way to sort this out is to look up the actual clip of conway talking and ... urgh to that .
i 'll repay your effort with this factoid people use rhyme in old texts like shakespeare to try and figure out what accent people had .
employers would have to take a cut in profit if their prices are too high .
frankly most if not all food in restaurants are subsidized by us anyway
poor planning on your part does not constitute an emergency for mine
so guess who gets calls from angry customers about where their delivery is ?
also some states do n't have nfl teams so college football is all they have .
it 's a wonderful feeling when your videos are getting viewed by the youtube world make sure your video has more likes than dislikes .
in my view i think if dislikes are more than likes video does n't go up the rankings i.e. does n't show up on top of the list when searched .
but do n't get disappointed by the dislikes just keep uploading good content .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
i would normally wait a little longer but i 'll be soon presented with a formal job description of duties for this new project .
if i accept straight out i 'm worried that i 'll lose the leverage i have or at least diminish it .
everyone of course is replaceable.. but it would be substantially more expensive to pull someone from accenture ey deloitte et al onto the project to act in my capacity than it would to simply offer me 25 or so retention per year ... well at least that 's how i hope they see it .
it almost makes it worse that they 're still together and he said that to someone he cares about ...
its up there in price but i love the shade and i have n't been able to find a good dupe
why become an arms trafficker when you can become a human trafficker
if you are not named on a housing contract you can submit a form signed by somebody who is named on one stating that you live there .
but we sure have the tech down to over dose them on vitamin d ... .
it needs to be said mark scheifele is some sort of wizard or space-bending time man .
bill walsh jimmy johnson and john robinson all had success at both levels .
family of pediatricians smegma is real at any age .
you do n't have to mess with nature but you ought to be supportive of those with different viewpoints .
i 'm online and do n't find you nice attractive or desirable !
but seriously i do n't know you irl so it is hard for me to comment but it is worth remembering that the sample set of people you know is ultimately pretty small and it is probably just coincidence that the people you know offline are n't attracted to you and some people online are .
take the time to think about if there is anything you are doing that would make the difference and if there is whether it is something you would want to change about yourself and it is important to do so for your sake not for the sake of what others think .
lastly remember that you are i assume still young and there is tons of time to find a girl who desires you and vice versa .
the channel islands are n't part of the uk though .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
do n't be too hard on yourself for getting stuck on a dilator i think it 's happened to all of us !
and you 've been moving super fast through treatment which is awesome .
it took me 2 months of pt to be able to insert even the smallest dilator and basically did one per month after that i also liked trying a new dilator set when i got stuck and that helped me progress had vaginismus.com and got soul source which are much less rigid which i think helped with the larger sizes .
if you feel like you 're plateauing for too long do n't hesitate to see a pelvic floor pt .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
all posts to r/huawei must contain a tag in the title .
this allows users to easily discover the content they wish to see and avoid the stuff they do n't !
please read the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/huawei/about/rules for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/huawei if you have any questions or concerns .
ah man hope its not those dates as ive got a wedding that weekend ... .thought it was ment to be in april again
if they could replace obama with trump then this should be pretty easy
i wasted 4 on a jynx trying to get avalanch but was unsuccessful .
i gave up until recently where they made it so you can pay dust+candy to get a new attack. fortunately if you use a ctm on a mons w 2 charged moves you can choose which move you want the mons to forget .
so that way you 're at least guaranteed to get the move you want plus an additional charged move of your choice .
please do feel free to contact me for any advice or if you want a guide/drink whilst you 're here .
not so much toxic per see but my parents save for the sake of saving .
but they do n't ever plan to spend it .
their argument is it can go towards care fees in later life which is absolutely fine but they do n't ever go on holiday etc .
i guess they 're happy but i heard on the money podcast that wanting money for the sake of having it is dangerous/dull .
i 'm trying to be reasonable but also have some good things to look back on .
i have family living in germany ergo i know some german .
i have also family in japan ergo i know a little japanese .
i have friends and neighbors that originally comes from south america the middle east africa other parts of europe .
i would n't class dead cells as a metroidvania seems as death takes you back to the beginning of the game .
all apologies u/touny71 but your post has been automatically removed because the artist has too many youtube plays .
if you think this is in error please contact the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/listentothis subject=post+removed+in+error. message=https redd.it/ae5r8p .
if you 're new to the subreddit please read the full list of removal reasons https www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/wiki/removalreasons .
do n't blame me i 'm just a bot https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ljnt49ju9vm .
imagine a city where all the citizens are homeless and every home is empty .
that 's the end point of that trend and it shows the absurdity in it .
also i 'm trying to do this at a long distance over different networks
we do n't know his seniority level or any special qualifications he has .
but i hope he 's resigned himself to losing that job .
i accidentally revealed a clients brief to another lecturer once in my advertising course .
microsoft have never done hot deals on things they have to buy to give to you and third party gift cards are not sponsored by the third party that is printed in the gift card .
in regard to amazon specifically amazon does not give discounts on gift cards even when bought in bulk afaik to prevent the creation of unauthorized for-profit resellers so a 5 amazon gift card actually does cost microsoft 5 to buy to give to you .
i 've got an extra cueto bobble all yours .
why does it look like that dog has the front/rear leg ratio of a tractor ?
the hind legs look way longer than the front legs .
we do live in a house that 's paid off he paid it off before we ever met
i 'm assuming you live in this same house which he has paid off with his own money ?
i do n't think you are in any position to be nagging him or shaming him for taking time off .
in fact i think you should have a good hard look at your attitude towards your husband .
hello u/tedbury unfortunately since your account is under 7 days old and new account spam makes up a significant portion of all spam you are not allowed to post in r/researchchemicals at this time .
a human moderator will check your submission soon and approve it in case it 's not spam so please do n't delete your post yet .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/researchchemicals if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly i ca n't think of anything else i can do .
it took me months to finally send this message after seeing all the shit he gets only to be completely cast out
we 've all tried organising bike rides when he 's had sundays off but she 'll always cancel the day before citing that he 's too tired ...
but then they 'll visit a theme park instead .
i watched this video a little while ago and immediately thought of it reading this thread .
i ca n't afford anything else other than a humble upvote for ya .
i want to do this for my future children .
i feel like that is something that they would look forward to every year no matter the age .
or xy which basically was « explain the concept of genocide to children »
i think you take the hit of ppd playing venge rather than throw fata on venge in an unfavorable lane .
i also think sacksa is a much better et player which means overall you win by having stronger lane matchup 's and distributing your farm more overall .
finally injury free again building mileage this month marathon training plan start in february
ugh scantron error that 's always fun is n't it ?
what you 're saying is that part 5 is saying even if fate screws you and it probably will because fate not the result you 're putting in the time and work for but the action itself is what you must consider important .
i guess i understand that part but what i still do n't get is how that could be .
but we do have reason to believe this because there are 2 letters in the decrypted text that we do n't have .
the winner 's curse has lots of political maneuvering especially book 2 and 3 .
i think the turret being able to do damage through shields would make him viable .
not a ton of damage but like 8 damage a shot through attackers shields would be a good buff .
i used this explains pretty well where and how to get each decoration .
the dolls above the tool table are from akihabara 's arcade .
they are obtainable through the crane game make sure to get them before the prize rotates .
well when it comes to lr vb it 's an lr i would n't necessarily expect an eza unit to hit harder even if he 's belgian .
he is the best f2p unit as a whole thus meaning that standards of good for f2p '' or bad for p2p '' kinda get thrown out the window .
of course it 's possible for an eza unit to hit harder heck just look at teq cell janemba beerus all hit disgustingly hard but with the damage predictions maybe gogeta 'll do just that .
teq vb does hit extremely hard at the end but i only have free dupe for him so i guess i 'll never really know until i pull more he 's one of those units where if you 're lucky he 's the best unit in the game if you 're unlucky he 's a defensive liability due to the fact he could n't kill the enemy in one go and has a slow overall atk and def raise via his sa .
and i never run teq vb on sbr he 'll never have the defense he 'll never get to hit hard .
it 's why i 'm excited for this gogeta eza any eza that gives itself a defensive boost tanks disgustingly .
it 'd also be a great way to speed up holland 's development into the ideal '' spiderman getting inspired by the best traits of all the other spideys he meets .
it seems like a lot of creatives toil away in their twenties and thirties maybe even half of their forties before they start to actually matter . ''
by that metric a guy with 14 years of experience and three years shy of forty might still be considered young . ''
somebody who 's only just climbing out of the grunt work .
probably do some research to how everyone else is fucking shit up and write it down .
then fire them in ways they 'll never get a job in politics again .
please tell me you 're not a guy . ''
homophobic moron praying he has n't come across a gay man .
you can try adding your switch to your router 's dmz to test if there is anything you can do .
if that does n't improve your nat type you 'll need to contact your isp for possible options or change your isp .
if setting your switch to dmz improves things you can either leave it there or remove it from it and create some port forwarding rules .
if a device is in dmz the device is n't protected by any possible security features of that router .
in most cases there not small droplets of water in the air but water as a gas not a liquid .
you only droplets in the air when the relative humidity reaches 100 by for example cooling of the air .
these people can pretend to be other people better than you .
so they are better than you and their opinions are to be trusted .
we figured that we have been applying early and the real hiring season will be in march/april .
i will contact the gtcs as soon as i can as i 'm going through re-certification in the us right now .
when you say in a job you mean already in the field ?
we were thinking that as an american i could finally gain a leg up on the competition for hiring as previously eu nationals were the demand and americans were not regarded in the slightest for jobs in the eu priority to eu nationals of course .
we do n't know what will unfold but we are staying positive in trying to accomplish what we want for our future family .
to speed that up just walk a red light in front of children and old ladies .
yeah master technician should move it from 1 to 2 .
maybe there 's a cyclops with a battle computer in the opfor ?
so youre talking about laws of a country yet you just said you should ignore the law because freedom of movement is a basic right ''
you cant just pick and choose laws lmao if i have freedom of movement then i have every right to go into your house or property
si on mettait les 7 milliards d'habitants de la terre dans une mégalopole horrible et polluée qui couvre toute la surface de madagascar on verrait un monde déprimant et l'écosystème irait pourtant drôlement mieux .
et un bon rappel de se méfier des biais d'observation .
ben oui je suis bête il n'a jamais été question de ça .
il a toujours été question des habitudes de tes congénères qui t'insupportent .
l'environnement n'est qu'une justification a posteriori de ton dégout pour la surconsommation .
si cette affirmation était vraie tu pourrais la démontrer .
par exemple en me disant combien de pétrole tu penses nécessaire pour cette transition et le prix auquel tu penses qu'on la considérera .
as tu poussé la réflexion à ce point ou es-tu partie comme je le suppose de la conclusion que tu voulais tirer et tu as pris le raisonnement à l'envers ?
en 1990 les écolos prônaient la sortie du nucléaire .
sans ça on serait peut être sortis du pétrole aujourd'hui .
les scientifiques disaient déjà que le co2 était problématique mais les écolos ont toujours préféré les impressions aux publis .
owning token is not the same as owning equity in the company .
i guess the pests might mutate and become more resilient to the pesticides and harder to kill ?
you will have to convert the iso file into a. imgptn file which lets you boot the image in either legacy or uefi .
1809 and maybe other versions have problems with fat due to single files in the iso beeing over 4gb .
there is a workaround for it but i have not tried it myself .
you can also reduce the image size with something like ntlite by removing unnecessary windows versions from the image like workstatiom n and so on
i think it 's because the parents keep pushing it in to the media with books tv shows etc
mind you i think you could get a subscription to every porn site in existence for less than the cost of the sets i named
if they want to spend the money doing it in-house '' it 's pricey .
if not see if you can find an outside service .
yes we are actively working on a desktop version of our mobile wallet .
their will be more news in the coming months .
is one and a half miles considered a long walk ?
i do n't think twice about walking three or four miles one way .
have you guys just gone on a big chain if comments based on the assumption that it 's in schroeder 's contract ?
your post appears to have trading price speculation or exchange related content and that is mostly considered off topic for this subreddit .
please review our posting guidelines or feel free to re-post at r/nanotrade
my school has a yearbook section dedicated to the two people with the biggest case of senioritis .
people like you and i need to go to these meetings they 're having .
i feel like bikers the minority will be more willing to show up to these meetings to try and get what they want .
we need to fight tooth and nail for us to keep the roads not congested .
as i said i disagree understand the purpose of the rule and do n't see it as applying to 1 person posting things written by a dozen others .
are you assuming you noticed and the mods have n't ?
as i said a request from them i would gladly comply .
i assume the mods do their job correctly and if they wanted your help you would be one .
i do not think if there were more people from sites with a team of qualified writers were sharing news here as it broke that it would make it a 'shithole ' .
i must have 50 posts here and you 're the first complaint so i do n't think people here generally share your view .
i think it would be fitting to end the saga with the binary sunset theme one last time ... ..the way it sounds in anh bare and simple yet emotionally powerful .
i want to hear the imperial march duel of the fates and across the stars .
just hints or a few seconds of each would be fine .
what i want most of all is a bombastic theme for the first order that 's both catchy and grand .
hey you could have your story told by an old man in conference too !
i 'm glad you liked it thanks for listening !
good for you on your loving kind spirit making it possible for others who can not produce as you did .
hugs and keep being that selfless person you deserve all the wonderful that you have earned .
christiansburg has a huge conservative contingent but it also borders blacksburg home of virginia tech ... which because of the highly educated population majority is decidedly liberal .
if you can live in blacksburg instead it 's the land of milk and honey ...
reddit sync tells me what site the link leads to so i saw pastebin and was curious .
i swear my teacher had this image somewhere a few years ago .
this too but it is dependent on luck of rolls though .
if not well you can always use the talisman .
omg thank you for my first good chuckle of the day .
i 'm sorry nobody brought me my damn coffee before i posted this .
i have an odd fear of machinery in general .
not because of any rational reason but because of how impersonal it is .
it 's hard to believe but some people are actually that stupid .
action is the better of the 2 at the moment street level and focusing on clark at the daily planet .
would 've lasted all of a minute with the mic drop walk off .
left wingers do n't have a great history with the mic drop walk off .
obama on jimmy kimmel saying trump will never be president did n't age so well .
he responded to the tweet saying hey realdonaldtrump at least i will go down as a president. obama then dropped the mic ... or should we say smartphone !
because you somewhat genuinely get 1on1 time with your favorite performer that realistically unless it 's convention signing you probably would n't get .
if for a reasonable price i can meet james hetfield from metallica get an autograph picture and talk to him for a little bit i would .
because realistically i 'm never going to get that kind of access to james outside of that environment .
that and i forgot that that 's how mathia works .
you can also send the killer messages informing on teammates the chance is very slim but it 's still there ... .
you can make your own walking animation from scratch as well with your own dummy .
it also makes a heck of a lot of sense as far as the survival side of things goes .
if you click the reply button on the comment and then the arrow in top right to show comment while replying you can then select text .
maybe saying it a dozen times was apart of his plan
you actually can find these beats and more at https soundcloud.com/realoldboy
i 'm trying to move away from soundcloud though .
and i 'm currently practicing to start doing shows .
i 'm with a group called less than family and we 're trying to get monthly shows at geeksboro .
first one is feb 1st you should come through .
i 'll be djing my boy 's set but i have n't quite gotten my set to where i want it yet .
depends on the size of the department how bad the topstock is and how bad the zone is prior to starting .
amber briggle whose 10-year-old son max is a transgender boy said she won the flag in a silent auction at the league of women voters state convention earlier this year .
she requested the flag fly in honor of all transgender texans either on max 's birthday or on tuesday the first day of the 2019 legislative session .
if i 'm correct einstein had a similar view .
here 's the deal stop the spamming of trans stuff and continue with the northern ireland related stuff .
there are other more appropriate subs to discuss that topic and if you 're struggling with your lifestyle there are professional services out there you keep linking to them .
yeah hopefully will get one started in the next couple of weeks .
gon na start with an auto like lowryder or quick one from rqs as it should take just over 2 months hopefully then will grow something with longer seed-harvest time once i 've got all the knowledge haha
people have been streaming it for almost a full day .
in no conceivable way is this a failure for bungie .
you 've summoned the advice page https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/wiki/advice for ! sidebar .
in short beauty is in the eye of the beholder .
what 's beautiful for one person may not necessarily be pleasing to another .
aesthetics are an important part of information visualization but pretty pictures are not the aim of this subreddit .
the mods ' jobs is to enforce basic standards and transparent data .
in the case one visual is ugly '' we encourage remixing it https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/wiki/index wiki_remixing to your liking .
is there something you can do to influence quality content ?
the first 10 votes on a reddit thread count equally as much as the following 100 http www.reddit.com/r/circlebroke/comments/vqy9y/dear_circlebrokers_what_changes_would_you_make_to/c56x55f so your vote counts more if you vote early .
start posting good content that you would like to see .
there is an endless supply of good visuals and they do n't have to be your oc as long as you 're linking to the original source https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/wiki/index wiki_original_sources .
this site comes to mind https www.informationisbeautifulawards.com/showcase ? action=index award=2017 controller=showcase page=1 pcategory=long-list type=awards if you want to dig in and start a daily morning post .
we mandate oc authors to list the source of the data they used for a reason so you can make it better if you want .
start working on your own oc content that you would like to showcase .
a starting point we have a monthly battle https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/825mg6/battle_dataviz_battle_for_the_month_of_march_2018 that we give gold for .
alternatively you can grab data from r/datavizrequests and r/datasets and get your hands dirty .
provide to the mod team an objective specific measurable and realistic metric with which to better modify our content standards .
i have to warn you that some of our team is very stubborn .
we hope this summon helped in determining what r/dataisbeautiful all about .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dataisbeautiful if you have any questions or concerns .
it may sound strange but i believe i 'm not the only one .
when i 'm successful and others are not i will be secretly overjoyed but show a negative exterior so as not to seem cocky .
thank you for your original content https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/wiki/index wiki_what_counts_as_original_content_.28oc.29.3f u/clairejaja !
all oc posts by this author https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/search ? q=author 3a '' clairejaja '' title 3aoc sort=new include_over_18=on restrict_sr=on
remix this visual https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/wiki/index wiki_remixing with the data in the citation https www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/ae6lsu/job_seekers_now_spend_44_longer_on_the_job_search/edmp6to or read the ! sidebar summon below .
sorry for the long-ass reply i tried to give as thorough of an answer as i could but it turned out big as a book .
there 's also a big pedantic speech in the beginning but i hope it is n't that boring
1 asthma bronchitis and depression are fixable of course in some cases only partially by either therapy or medicational treatment in a serious case of asthma you have an inhaler which is a temporary solution in case of emergency so that 's the disease i always compare depression to it 's just there and you ca n't really do anything about it if it 's serious but take a hit of your prescription when you ca n't even breathe or function normally anymore .
it helps a bit but you still wo n't feel so good if you do n't have a recreation plan and there are a lot of different kinds of medication and things you can rely on for depression .
there 's a lot of i-tried-this-and-it-fucking-made-shit-worse but if you can get something right for you it will help a lot
2 that 's exactly why i did n't say if you want to live '' but if you feel like you should want to live '' .
of course nobody wants to live with depression both as in live enduring depression '' and i do n't want to live anymore '' .
from my experience there were many occasions when i did n't want to live like this anymore '' but i always tried to rely on a thought that everyone somehow lives fine and dandy no one around me wants to die so what 's so different about me ?
like i should want to live but somehow i do n't .
like i am somehow broken or have n't been taught what it means to want '' in my childhood .
but if everyone else has some reason behind their existence so should i .
and the fact that i ca n't put my finger on it right now does n't excuse my lack of motivation to live .
if i still do n't want to live maybe i 'm doing something wrong ?
like maybe i have n't told anyone that i 've been spiralling down for more than a year and i feel worse each day ?
when people around you know your condition they can learn what to or find someone who knows what to do .
so there is a line between i want to die '' and my depression wants me to die '' .
maybe my past experience with depression can help you a bit
what helped me were actually my friends and a passion .
once again i do n't know what is your case and what life are you living but for me it was the last year of school and i had a couple of friends i thought i could rely on and i told them about my depression .
so they started trying not to ask dumb questions like why are you sad ? ''
and such and actually tried to help me suggest new hobbies take me out of the house on trips and such get me to do more school-related stuff with them rather than on my own .
they are still my friends now that we go to different universities and they 're the only people i talk to so their presence is life-changing literally .
i also picked up my father 's guitar learned how to play it and started writing songs so now when i 'm feeling shitty i just try to write what i think in notes on my phone and drop some sick chords on them or maybe just sing something i wrote before .
i picked up ableton an app to edit music and started making fully fledged songs and putting them up on the internet .
of course i 'm not famous and there are like 10 people listening to my songs but knowing that my thoughts are out there in the world makes me feel better .
and i can cry my ass off while singing some of my favourite songs that i actually wrote .
if you have someone to open up to just do it .
you wo n't do better if you sit on your ass and do n't do anything about it .
but if you tell somebody that you are not fine then you just might find something that can make you feel at least okay for the moment .
you want to die anyways what can make things worse ?
for anyone around you it 's better to know that you 're depressed than finding out that you killed yourself because you eventually snapped .
i just hope you do what 's best for you .
your life is the only thing that matters and realising it is the most important thing you can do .
i 've occasionally experienced big delays but it mostly gets me where i need to go on time .
there are many improvements that could be made but a lot of stuff is currently actually in the works green line extension new cars for the orange and red lines new fare system .
they 've just recently started putting bus lanes in some places which makes an incredible difference they need to be rolled out all over the city .
i hear the red line is really unreliable but i do n't take it so could n't say .
one major gripe i have is that bus stops and a number of green line stations for that matter are far too close together .
why ca n't it be both spoiler it is this is how gatcha works ?
i can barely recognize any of them in these photoshopped glamour pics lol
he looks like he 's posing for a las vegas magic show ad .
it 's like praying if others do n't know that i 'm appreciative it does n't matter .
thats a good point i had n't thought of that but then a lot of lighters deemed legit have this almost laser cut look .
i think this article goes someway to explaining the different types from the era
my daughter and her husband are doing that too !
this is my first time posting a video on here .
i dont mind feedback at all as i grow my audience .
35 here in nj so i guess the price change is permanent .
ok man i 'm just looking for a bolstering right metal arm light armor or both left and right bolstering metal arm but both light sturdy or heavy thanks !
who ever gave you that goofy ass loaf of bread looking haircut should be fired
the females working do n't even have close to that self control lol .
i just got confused about what you were referring to my bad
he 's used to apothic and drinking a bottle a month after getting it
i 'll refrain from any contribution until the site is confirmed to be legitimate .
historically a doctor 's best series is never his first series
i think series 5 is matt smith 's best season by a mile and series 8 is capaldi 's best season .
i agree that series 4 is tennant 's best .
lmao found the dumb fuck who has literally never watched conan or late night or understands how television works
wwe can barely get their stars on these shows and when they do they go guns blazing with cena and he 's not even usually the first guest .
once in a great while you 'll get someone lower level miz and sheamus have been on the cone zone in the past so if wwe struggles to promote their talent on these shows and roh and tna have never had anyone on late night what the fuck makes you think some brand new promotion is going to be on there ?
no one even cares when wwe stars are on and that 's an actual brand and household name
i 've had this fear ever since i first experienced a hypnagogic hallucination
you would be accused of racism and they would be wrong .
you can be a trashy person and have a color .
we told you the screenshots were bad proof and to make a video .
obviously very broken table and many people are heavily profiting while the prices for farming items mostly are dying
i have this question for both imagine dragons and maroon 5 .
all of your music is drum machine and electronically produced what do you do on the drum set you have there ?
always best to do this around late september to early october it 's when they 're most excited to meet new people !
it said i needed to reboot the server but the autoreboot had n't done so .
i 've only tested on one server for now .
if this is the best we can do to replace ramsey then we should be worried .
yeah real brave sniping women and children 's doing their day jobs killing innocent policemen with no connection to the military aswell ?
fucking hell you make it sound like you 're proud to be akin to groups like isis and the taliban
i just got mine cut to a short bob and im constantly battling when to wash and how to put it up for class !
i feel like i 'm washing it more now that its short compared to when it was long .
changing of the calendar to be 5months not 12months .
i wanted to make my years both different and simpler .
at the moment it is n't heavily integrated but i love the idea so far .
morons aping us politics as if varadkar is somehow comparable to trump .
i want to find out more about how you quit and stayed off etc .
i 'm sorry but i never bought a cartridge or stylus for this .
i was listening to music for a couple years on this and it sounded great and then one day it just stopped working
i 'd try to coax out of him if he is in a relationship or married or something bc if he is and has n't told you .
that gift could be problematic but he is obviously attracted to you so i think regardless of what you do he will enjoy it but i 'd go with the panties bc nothing helps the ego by knowing how much he turned you on lol .
thousand sons here i know the pain of trying to tell people the lore of my sorcerers
probably but it does n't matter because scooters can use bicycle paths as well .
i think he meant this one as-44 gun https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/as-44
i actually love my job and get 5 weeks vacation .
i 'd say working is better than college in a few ways .
damage dealt and damage taken are 2 completely different things .
i found these keycaps https www.amazon.com/npkc-switches-tenkeyless-mechanical-keyboard/dp/b06xfx66dv https www.amazon.com/npkc-switches-tenkeyless-mechanical-keyboard/dp/b06xfx66dv it 's like the miami set and for the keyboard is it recommended to get upgraded cherry stabilizers .
probably like these more though https www.massdrop.com/buy/tai-hao-paradise-pbt-backlit-keycap-set https www.massdrop.com/buy/tai-hao-paradise-pbt-backlit-keycap-set .
it 's a color variation of the miami set and it has backlit keycaps .
i like the miami set but it 's not perfect for me .
and for the keyboard is it recommended to get upgraded cherry stabilizers .
i 'm so happy other people beep and boop as much as i do
ca n't them make something like impulse ramp '' for rg ?
get little tired for these deal damage to fly creature .
put zanetti as first choice and rotate based on form .
nah my rent is about 1000 but i live with my gf .
remember to bring a flash light and a sack with a dollar sign .
i bought it from honorbuy.com https honorbuy.com since they had it stock in europe thus i did n't have to deal with the customs .
vega20 was n't designed to be a gaming gpu but ofc it can do gaming too .
now that amd saw the turning perf and realized they could sell vega20 for 699 to gamers too ofc they will use fancy words .
it factually is the first 7nm gpu you can game on .
does n't mean it 's a particular good one tho
do i make my eminor my home chord '' and even make it more present compared to other chords ?
and you need one other chord that has an f in it .
well you 'd need the d to be dm .
and there 's maybe one too many chords there .
or you could use f instead of dm as the more common bii phrygian chord .
i.e. you really have to be able to hear e as home '' and that f e move is the phrygian cadence '' .
you might be able to get other chords in there but there 's a risk of drawing the ear away from the e centre if you move away from em for too long or too often .
as someone who spent monday with a foodborne illness oscillating between freezing and sweltering while vomiting for 12 hours straight that sounds like a lot of fun .
he wants kids and marriage at least that 's what he says .
but anytime i bring it up he changes the subject .
i 've asked him for a timeline and he just says he has n't thought about it much .
i get it he 's not ready but it would just be nice to know what his/our future plans are but it 's like pulling teeth trying to get it out of him !
the other making the kids tea switched oven on set timer and then must have got distracted .
went back after hearing the beeping opened the oven and no food !
the last race pr wall for huayra/lambo sv is 956 !
my 6 lambo sv is 942 with 4 maxed out gold parts and two maxed out purple parts ... was thinking myself if upgrading the final two parts will get me there and weather or not i can spare the cash ... as could stick the black nitro part reward for completion on my ccx which will help get me to rivals this week 🤔
see dafran emongg and seagull vs. stevo kolorblind and eviltoaster .
but i 'm sure i wo n't be expensive .
coba sunset includes the zip line actually they built it .
a private company has agreements with the zip line company too but i 'm 90 sure you can pay over there if you want it and it wo n't cost more than 150 pesos .
the cenote wo n't cost more than 200 could be 50 80 100 120 pendes of which one you choose
it 's probably more a problem of the top of the sls not being designed to withstand the aerodynamic forces of flying without a fairing since falcon heavy wo n't cover the whole thing .
they do n't deserve to sell a single item untill they acknowledge what they 're doing .
gase is not going to handle ny media well at all
when a fart can put the fear of god into a childs soul and haunt them throughout their lives
probably not but it 's definitely worth a try poised definitely has better colours/jerseys tho
i did n't realize i was talking to a politics legend .
i still do n't feel any different but cool i guess
i mean the tax cuts and the supreme court nominations will do much more damage to the us in the long run then a wall could ever do
mainly being sensitive to pressure around lower stomach area/belt although my appendix was somehow shifted to my pelvis so it did not really react .
another is in later stages about day 2 you have an urge to puke but you ca n't .
it feels like you are about to but it 's just not happening and you linger above a bucket wondering what 's wrong .
these two were how i diagnosed myself which later saved my life as i had to be immediately operated the hour after my ultrasound results came in .
once it gets on mobile rip my phone battery .
tbf a big part of the reason he got off was because it turned out the cop that found the glove just happened to be a liar and a racist .
when they proved he lied on the stand about being a racist it was very hard for the jury to not think the glove might have been put there by him .
on top of that another cop took the murder weapon as a trophy it was only recovered a couple years ago .
to be clear i definitely think he did and he has since basically admitted it but it was n't just a wonky legal system that got him off but also inept and tainted police work .
ok you can download the file again just put the splashart inside the champion folder
plug all those things into the tv hdmi inputs .
use the tv hdmi arc to go to beam or new amp .
sd long as your tv has enough inputs you 're good .
damn the sure was a chance to prevent it ... ..
i love how you basically prove you did n't read the article
i read manga because i do n't like having to read in videos subtitles .
manga i can advance as fast as i can read it whereas anime i have to sit around while they continue jabbering in moonspeak after i 've already finished reading the subtitle and it makes it hard to play a game at the same time which is what i 'm usually doing when i 'm watching tv or movies
that i get to use that as an excuse to dissociate from weebs is a bonus
in the metal gear series one of the protagonists/antagonists depending on which game youre playing creates the msf militaries sans frontiers a play on medecins sans frontiers aka doctors without borders so in this case soldiers without borders .
its a military without a country basically in this universe a private military corporation mercs .
they recruit from battlefields all across the country finding soldiers who feel disenfranchised by countries treating them like pawns but still have no place in the world besides war .
one iteration of this group is called diamond dogs basically just because the creator of the series hideo kojima loves david bowie and makes references to him constantly .
so urinated tree who is a youtuber who does nfl videos named the chargers this because of the similarities the guy in the above comment said
outside of the immediate everything explodes '' area there is a much larger kill zone '' where gamma radiation sterilizes the planets deep ocean/underground bacteria would survive the immediate effect but long term with no living biosphere ?
all those alien cities would be excellently preserved with nothing living anymore mummified corpses everywhere !
not my favorite but it was then that i discovered my love for her ... .just after grind house and death proof
not because i ever needed to but because i wanted to see if i could pavlov myself .
every time i got in the shower i spit .
years later even thinking i need to shower makes me salivate .
that does n't mean they 'll buy other games .
that 's the same logic why everyone started making mmos but wow having millions of users did n't mean there was a massive market for mmos it meant there was a massive market for wow .
to be fair to your media said multinationals have been baring one or two exceptions here and there very quiet on the subject it seems they fear accusations of meddling in politics project fear '' talking down the country '' and all that .
i bet her room smelled like cloves and despair .
fairly positive og last season did not have feed trains like that .
you 're just gon na make a bunch of people ban random overwatch cases for the achievement then
unless you mean 100 cases where your statement was the same as the final verdict .
i am now fairly certain that 's exactly what you meant .
... ... did you get kicked in the head ?
a plumber using a picture of a plumber who saves princesses is a bit different than a cop using the symbol of a murdering vigilante .
wah ea does n't fix anything ea is garbage as usual .
this is the most they have cared about nhl in a looooooong time so that 's not true and the pause glitch is fixed probably just your trash connection .
it 'd be great if we 'd just use the metric measurements the rest of the world uses
is it just me or did you think it was seth rogan for a second
or maybe mihaly will have it 's own aircraft like f-104c avril ?
right forgot that mpbm can be used against air targets .
yeah i noticed the muti screens after i looked at it but opened 5 windows and it was a laggy mess .
plus do n't make windows smaller as you ca n't make them bigger again or at least its very hard i could n't do it .
i 've had great sushi and would love to go to japan and have some real sushi from a real sushi chef ... then there 's the stuff from the plastic container in the supermarket ...
i did the uofw film course all the way through .
vfs and toronto film i hear are decent but quite expensive .
you 're going to get various advice depending on who you ask and a lot of the advice will clash so decide what 's best for ya .
more suitable if you 're the type that learns better in a classroom setting .
the information is more narrowed down for you instead of just blindly searching the internet not knowing where the hell to start .
you 're going to be surrounded by like minded people who you can then share your talents with to make stuff as a collective .
i 've also gotten paid union set work because someone i befriended from school asked me to hop on .
uofw tuition fees are cheaper than like all the other options afaik .
some film profs there howard curle shereen jerrett bruce claydon specifically are really good to learn from for different reasons .
film is a bit secondary for the theatre and film dept emphasis on and film '' .
it 's a very theatre-centric dept and we definitely felt a bit like we got the shorter end of the stick in terms of how much resources and post graduate stuff are available to us .
to add on to the point above once you graduate you 're kind of on your own .
if you did n't make the connections it 's gon na be an uphill battle to get anything going .
since uofw is n't a film school you are required to take lots of other class requirements to graduate .
as for your focus on editing and camera work editing 's tougher as there 's less of a demand for them and less room for them .
camera work though there 's a film training manitoba program you could take and look into that 'll get you on to that path .
since they ca n't put faces i espect it to be the normal suit with italian spiderman suit and wig obv on it
the tin flute card is saved in localappdata modthespire/hubris/tinflute.autosave c users username appdata\local\modthespire\hubris\tinflute.autosave .
you can just delete the file and everything should work again .
whenever i 've had to do parental heroics i hurt the next day like i 'm coming down with flu
he simply furrows his brow and proceeds to turn the page ... think robin williams in one hour photo .
lots of ppl drop ship i do n't think it 's against the rules ?
this looks like a picture from a sneak peak .
i have n't gotten used yet to the fact that this is now live gameplay .
it sucks having to jump through the prescription hoops every month .
it especially sucks with add scripts — phoning insurance getting to appointments and dealing with all sorts of red tape exactly the sort of shit i ca n't do when i do n't have my meds !
however you ought to consider adjusting your attitude towards pharmacists .
they are n't pill counters they are highly qualified professionals who have completed years of post-grad schooling .
pharmacists are n't able to deny prescriptions on a whim — they are tasked by law and ethically with ensuring that their patients receive the correct choice of treatment .
in fact they share responsibility with the prescribing md — if your md prescribes the wrong thing and your pharmacist does n't catch it ?
they 're equally liable for whatever harm you may suffer .
your pharmacist is the person who makes sure you do n't suffer an allergic reaction .
they 're the person who makes sure you do n't accidentally take too much of a drug when multiple doctors write you the same script .
they make sure that your various prescriptions wo n't counteract each other .
and it 's worth putting up with the occasional delay .
i imagine quin ripped them all a new asshole during halftime .
the first half vs second half was night and day different .
i say this a lot but it 's very important to realize that there is a difference between a fetish and a sexual orientation .
to call a sexual orientation a fetish would be to greatly devalue it .
in fact a lot of closed minded people make the argument that homosexuality is just a fetish that you can pick up and i find that pretty disrespectful .
a fetish is something that turns you on and a sexual orientation is determined by what gender s of mate you seek .
if you get hard looking at femboy fox pictures but still desire a female as a mate rather than a male you are straight .
some people might see furry porn and correctly realize they are gay .
other people might see furry porn and think they are gay when in truth they only acquired a fetish and they will eventually realize their misconception once they start dating .
the parties steamrolling come out in droves when this gamemode is out .
camping in north carolina one night on my own land .
i routeanly pack a rifle for self protection and this trip i brought my ar15 with one 30 round mag .
i have always been a little over kill lol .
had no plans to use it save a bit of target practice .
well about 2 in the morning i wake up to these strange melodic owl sounds coming from three moving lights past me .
i could hear the cruntch of boots in the soil and see their headlamps moving .
had a tough time going back to sleep and i did n't know if they had seen my tent .
about an hour later they came back making the same strange noise .
this time they got closer and surrounded my tent .
so in one move i stepped from my tent with rifle and light in hand charging a round again shouting .
as i moved their lights went off and i saw nor heard anyone .
i stood guard outside for 1 hour and i hurt faint sounds of the men moving off .
i went back in the morning and found one footprint .
i was n't dreaming and i had a fellow camper with me who also woke up .
to this day it creeps me the fuck out thinking about it .
my life is strange enough as it is i do n't need to make things up to help .
they probably aimed for the building next to them .
you seem to be very unlucky with your devices lol .
you ca n't experss your opinion freely there ... even telling others that buying chromium is a trap would get you banned .
so you wo n't get honest tips over there ...
if memory serves i believe palm trees only grow naturally in a tiny portion of nc .
i think they grow naturally as far north as bald head island south of wilmington and that 's it .
i got used to them when i saw the black hole sun music video years ago .
just like how your team gave prizes away to other crypto projects of free listings .
yea that 's my take on dlc in general .
i 'm assuming most of the cas items will be scv stuff with new stuff sprinkled in .
sure but tell me which one you see all over this sub
yeah i think you have to get the expansion pass
... i love the revenge but wow that sounds unhealthy .
the colour that you would ask for when you were a kid when drawing a person because you did n't want to use the pink or yellow pencil
why does the guy in the 3rd runway looks like he 's walking
it 's an interesting way to look at the population development along major east coast cities especially because each region has maintained its own unique cultural identity while remaining interconnected with the others
is it remarkable in a good way or remarkable in the other way ?
they just streamed cry of mann and call of warr on the as stream
hopefully round-ending hint2 both questions have been answered but in separate guesses .
however your rates are paid to a local government essentially they are a tax .
a land tax is kinda like rates your pay to the government ... .would n't it be the state government ?
seems very unfair that rising house prices have made stamp duty so very high while the previous generation gets to reap the rewards of huge asset price rises .
maybe they should pull their weight a bit more ?
currently using 1more triple driver in-ear earphones https www.audiophileon.com/news/1more-triple-driver-in-ear-headphone-review they 're good value for the price you pay about 100 usd .
i definitely recommend them if you 're somewhat on a budget .
they are n't wireless though so you might need a dongle to connect if your phone does n't come with a headphone jack .
as shitty as this is you are only hearing one side of the story so lets not fully shit on blizzard and activision just yet .
i still have to watch simoun put that in the adventure/fantasy pipeline after last exile .
i hope you enjoy it when you get around to it !
yeah that 's the thing i feel like i 'm running out of expected 8+s .
what 's the next expected 90 you plan to start ?
there 's obviously a few sequels hell girl s2 and s3 mha s3 maybe the rest of slayers some gundams etc ... but there 's definitely a few in there too like
okay so my future for anime is actually still pretty optimistic !
i do n't know why i put off some of these kaleido star i was actually about to start but the crunchy unblocker broke as i loaded the 1st episode and then i never got back around to it several of these i have already downloaded etc .
a general case of not now '' applies to some of them .
but often i just feel like watching something that i have low expectations for because then i can just phase-out while watching it or be pleasantly surprised when it keeps my attention
i have an odd habit of binging through things i kinda like but not super like much faster than things i really enjoy .
the crouching is so you wont be kicked by the server for bieng afk for too long .
they dont look so bad and guilliman isnt an asshole as far as i know right ?
you do n't happen to have a headlamp mod right ?
i 'm hoping the starks in the crypts come to life and help protect it .
got ta be some kind of magic involved with that place anyways i would think
it 's the same ol symptoms but they 're randomly put together and it feels extremely jarring .
it 's more exhausting and energy consuming but they typically do n't last that long .
vulnerability usually peaks so if you need to hit up the safety plan do it .
if you can hold on but it 's sticking around try to eat something filling not junk food avoid sugars unless you 've eaten a nutrient dense meal first .
do n't change med plan if you 're on one talk to doc if you think a new med is causing this .
also the weed i 'm a lifelong cannabis user i will get alienated high if i blaze too heavily during vulnerable times .
it 's very unlikely the weed has you still freaking out much more likely that it 's a prolonged mixed episode although it may have started with nye and then your stress of feeling distant from friends could be fueling the prolongation .
either way you 're very likely to recover but like i said earlier make the call if you 're in the danger zone .
no because we destabilise a fuckload of countries and then blame them for it
literally would run to another room when this would show up on screen as a child
can you specify perfect conditions '' he only gets 25 atk boost when in perfect conditions '' 10 from super saiyan and 15 from fierce battle ... from the video i saw he was rainbowed and had both of those links activated .
yeah thats what most people say or kribensis but they are a bit too territorial
ah yes i miss that everest guy yelling at me through the tv
sounds like youve got a lot to unpack on your chest .
you may be surprised how much it could help !
fair enough you 've been more than civil it 's just i 've heard all these arguments before .
unfortunately i doubt you 'd be convinced even if you saw jesus himself float down on a cloud and tell you himself .
this is a common attempt at downplaying the non religious argument quite the opposite if i was provided with evidence i 'd certainly consider it .
i just do n't see the point in faith without anything further .
and just so you know a book is n't really what i 'd consider proper research it 's just an opinion .
unless it 's peer reviewed with a proper method it does n't hold much scientific weight .
you know deep down the emperor would still be alive if perty was working on those defenses and not rogal sanguinius and my dad are dead because of me '' dorn
get if u plan on playing with friends it gets old pretty quickly when playing single player .
i do n't spend much time trying to forecast these things .
people come to us with a problem we propose a solution if the cost makes sense they buy it .
one more residency interview ... i can not wait until match day/graduation lol
i really think you should tell her you 're considering putting the wedding on hold/breaking it off over this assuming you actually are of course .
what she said is super messed up and i think shows some true colors .
people are allowed to have preferences but something as common and benign as balding ? ?
i mean i would n't necessarily seek out bald men but i would never in a million years leave my husband for going bald wtf
ukraine.. like kansas is the bread basket of the continent .
i believe i may have been a spoiled child ...
i have no idea how i grew out of this but i remember seeing an old home movie of myself at maybe 5.. and it was a christmas video .
i thought there was a gift for me and i started to open it it was gently taken from me and i freaked out and screamed heyyyyyyyy !
presents ! needless to say thanks to my grandparents me and my sister 's christmases were unbelievable ... loads of gifts .
like i said i really do n't know if something happened but somehow i grew up to be a minimalist .
i mean when i do want something i want the best version of it but i do n't need many accessories or anything like that for it ... and usually i want to buy it myself instead of receiving it as a gift .
maybe all those years of being spoiled and my mother 's psychological abuse made me feel like i do n't deserve gifts .
i 'll never forget the one day when i asked her if she 'd buy me a cereal brand i 'd been wanting ... then of course she had one of her episodes i have no idea what diagnosis she had but maybe one day i 'll find out and freaked out on me took a deep inhale like she always did before she talked and loudly yelled i do n't have the money ! ! ! !
you just want want want want want want want and i ca n't afford it ! yet she always had money for her cigarettes.. but anyway.. just ... it confused me too .
because one year i wanted to prove to my friends that i was n't spoiled .
they thought because i had nice things i was a spoiled brat .
so the christmas i was 15 i asked for one thing .
i said all i want is a pair of red lens round-frame glasses .
i got a grapefruit sized crystal ball a book of witchcraft a ring that said harm none an amethyst crystal necklace an altar cloth and a pack of tarot cards ...
i wanted to prove to my friends that my mom bought me things so she had ammunition to yell at me later .
as if i asked for all those things how ungrateful of a child i am etc .
but since then i 've never asked for much i prefer to not own many things .
maybe someday over time i 'll have a house full of nice things i worked for and i can say i worked for those things .
he knew him but adam did n't like tommy because of the build-off drama with jimmy .
adam got to know him and liked him hence the papa tom shit .
that might have been the other team i saw .
was n't really talking about kelly 's situation cause i do n't know much about him .
i just do n't like anyone downplaying epstein 's heinousness i do n't feel like that was necessarily your intent do n't get me wrong cause he 's a walking shitstain that i would n't mind seeing someone turn into a pez dispenser .
he deserves to rot in a cell for life and the only reason he is n't is because he has money and either bribed or blackmailed his way to that horseshit 18 month sentence .
collar stays ... no store in my town has them
i typically dont like girl on girl scenes but daaaaaaaaammmmmn
r/amateurradio https www.reddit.com/r/amateurradio will have the answers for you !
well the government '' is n't ever of one mind on any issue but they 're working within the laws and i do n't think it 's ethical to make massive profits without contributing your fair share to the national treasury .
when someone asks me to do something for them i happily accept pb as payment
in the uk in my year there were around 30 applicants and 6 accepted .
i guess it might seem like a high acceptance rate but with cir being quite niche in the uk at least japanese speakers are very rare generally most applicants are serious contenders .
i 've heard albeit anecdotally it 's easier to get in if you are an american because they have a higher demand for american cirs .
you 're attempting to purposely cause an accident so no
even if they are tailgating and they end up hitting you for following too close it is their fault
do n't put your life in unnecessary danger to prove a point
the kid has been misparented so bad and has no respect for authority .
from the time he was about 7-11 he would throw temper tantrum if he was n't allowed to bring his ipad to the table .
most recently he was given a brand new computer setup not sure of specs that cost over 3000 to put together and used it twice simply because he got bored of playing fortnite on xbox with a mouse and keyboard .
he used it for a week and then went back to xbox because he would get shit on and then throw a tantrum .
this christmas he got a brand new 2018 macbook pro with all the lace and frills .
because his 2016 macbook took 15 seconds to start up instead of the 3 it used to .
he 's allowed to drink coffee and stay up till 3 or 4 at the ripe old age of 13 .
he swears at my uncle and aunt and even his grandparents without a care .
i ca n't wait until life smacks him in the face at 18 .
hopefully i want a basketball anime than kuroko no basket
a human doing experiments on another human even for progress is evil until certain stuff has been passed .
but a human performing experiments on rats or lesser beings is fine .
so why does a supreme being doing experiments on lower beings become evil ?
i see no reason to assume that someone has n't had life experience that makes them generally more mature than most their age if they tell me so .
from the one experience we know she 's had we already know it to be true .
i think you 're inquiring about floorplate size rather than podium size .
podiums are the first few storeys of a building that typically take up the entirety or most of the lot and then which the tower rises out of .
floorplates are the term for the size of each concrete-poured 'slab ' .
for one hamilton already has regulations on the size of tower thickness which is set at 750 sq meters .
as well while you could cram more units into a thicker tower the unit size and arrangement would be compromised .
big plentiful windows are a selling feature for buyers and renters .
if a developer crams too many units into a tower you 're going to end up with lots of long-and-skinny units with few windows which do n't sell as well .
as well you do n't typically see tall buildings using their entire lot size as a tower as podiums are popular and represent a way to increase return by adding commercial retail and office space .
the developer there has proposed 2 towers when he could 've built a single connected tower and squeezed in an extra 4 or so units per floor .
that has n't happened though because buyers and renters want windows want balconies and want amenities .
so instead that space that could be used to build a thicker less elegant tower is a swimming pool on the third floor of the podium .
i feel like the horrific airing schedule is working against the show .
nothing like waiting a month for 4 beach city episodes with a ronaldo one for good measure while the last 30 seconds of the 5th episode is a massive cliffhanger for the rest of the arc to be started in another 3 months .
i 'm excited for him to get a second ring
i am in a construction class in a high school in the u.s the class agrees that the metric system would be better .
do n't get me wrong i love where 19h1 is heading .
it 's more on polishing and under the hood improvements .
i 'd rather the messi he will surely sell for more than 10mill coins so coins is n't the aim whatsoever
i 've most often heard service to others . ''
but what is really important is to improve ourselves all the time .
and then we can be of service to others by offering our example .
we can share our light with them even in silence like you said .
i had an asshole in a school zone in october almost crashed head on if i would 've been a few seconds earliermaking my turn
tried reporting him to cps but they were useless they asked if there was an accident no was anyone injured no well there 's not much we can do since there 's no evidence of this incident i tell him i have a dashcam in my truck oh well the footage probably ca n't be used since i highly doubt you can see the unit number of the taxi i said it was 887 .
all i got was well since there was no accident we ca n't do anything .
unless you have x-ray vision you ca n't tell if the puck is behind or ahead of the line .
you have to give the benefit of doubt to the refs watching the play .
so far the fact that other people are stuck on steps means i 'm also stuck simply because bungie decided that this one step should n't be done by people who are n't at that step .
every step before it can be done without needing to be on that step .
i got food poisoning two days ago and am still recovering .
as far as i 'm concerned he should be on all-nba only curry is clearly better than him .
i feel like half of these campers '' have more shit than i do .
i find taking a break the moment a game releases a poor decision .
especially given battlefields launch history and the issues that plagues them
do you think it was smart to drop a game and then not have anyone to fix the multiple issues at the busiest time for games all year ?
i 'm gold 1 last game i got put against 3 diamonds a plat 2 and a silver 4 .
we lost horribly as my team was all regular golds .
been getting this garbage luck this entire season and it has n't been a problem since this season .
i 'd tell everyone before i die i hid a million dollars and kept it secret since money is the root of all evil or something cheesy and right about when i say where it is my time would be up .
star wars lego memes were the shit just a month or 3 ago .
california has only began to swing left in the past 20 or so years .
pete wilson-backed prop 187 in 1994 which denied social services to undocumented immigrants .
some attributed the proposition the rising latino working class population and gop 's nativism to california turning blue since .
before the 90s it was a purple state closer to what arizona is today .
iirc schwarzenegger won in large part because of his name recognition in an off year recall election where democrats were divided and did not put their weight behind one candidate .
one of the very few dubs that i consider basically a masterpiece .
i generally agree with author of this article really .
west '' lost me at my this my mcfaul moment '' if west '' does n't want to lose younger russians west needs to up their game .
with stainless steel sh they could maybe not need to do the an entry burn anymore ?
if they reenter sideways perhaps with a bit of a spin to distribute the heat evenly the engines would n't get blasted a lot providing they are sufficiently shielded from the side and the heat would be soaked in the fuselage .
the problem i see with this is that a booster that is almost empty would have its centre of mass near the engines which would make the booster want to reenter engines first .
so perhaps the sideways position could be maintained by rcs thrusters however i have no idea how much fuel they would need just to maintain that position and if it would be worth it .
eu adoro essas dona do interior que cozinham bem pra caralho .
prime silver and seal with matte varnish to allow washes to settle well on the surface
details to taste note you have to alternate the black and purple wash to give a smooth intergrated effect on these darker metallics
something old something new something borrowed and something from inside of you .
exactly she is tucked so far under boob 's wing .
i always pee right before taking a shower no matter if i need to or not .
i moved to an apartment with the toilet and shower in separate rooms and i forget peeing sometimes .
as soon as i turn on the shower i get a very sudden urgency to pee .
normally the sound of water has no effect on me .
even if i need to pee the sound does n't make it worse .
i know because friends have tried to annoy me that way and it never works .
it 's only the shower and only if i 'm also taking my clothes off to get in .
i didnt list tailor so the loyal 32 are there to do loyal 32 things .
such as screen grab obj and be a distraction .
corruption is only one of the problems romania faces today .
i wo n't get into an ideological debate here but i think these people are kept poor at least partly on purpose so they will continue to vote for psd .
otherwise that iasi-targu mures highway would be in construction the same for sibiu-pitesti the same for the bucharest beltway and so on and so forth .
those three highways would bring tens of billions to our gdp money we could invest in rural communities .
lisa herself heavily implied it in a later interview saying the reason for demoing the 8 core was to show a head-to-head comparison to the 9900k .
he may have a boring and simple kit that does n't mean it is n't a good one .
69gp your posts and every comment have received a total amount of 7 upvotes .
it might be one of those cases where you have to drag it offscreen and eventually it 'll cover that area .
try that on the roof/hood sides and front bumper .
whether someone has privilege '' is subjective and a red-herring .
what matters morally ethically and legally is whether people are being discriminated against based on sex or race .
the bbc is doing just this if you 're fine with this then you 're fine with discrimination on race and sex which would make you a racist and sexist .
they had a sort of relay system for conveying messages though .
they had runners called chasquis that would run to designated places along their route and pass along messages like a relay race .
source am spanish teacher to a large native american population .
it 's one of my favorite things to teach bc my kids get to learn about other natives in different parts of the americas .
depends where he is inputting the ip technically he could write a program to input the data in the website and send the form every so often and run that in his server as well although this is a much more involved solution ...
my assumption of the standard model of the universe definitely does n't involve any domes or walls of antarctic ice .
your assumption of my assumption is incorrect and this is usually where i tap and say you 're going too far with fallen angels and projected stars .
more attempts at catharsis but again you lost that feeling when realising you 're spewing gibberish .
when someone says ‘to be fair ' i always follow it with ‘uh-to be faaaaiiiiir ... ' expecting harmonizing .
tigers can jump roughly 12 feet into the air .
there 's no need for this to be posted several times a day
how is talking about exes a stupid and pointless question ?
every single relationship i 've been in has had the exes conversation .
pretentious but very fun and relaxed at the same time .
let me guess big nose or a weak chin ?
ca n't wait till i get my chin implant lol
do people use alt accounts for this game or is it too much to handle ?
like one person with two or more accounts they regularly play on ?
just my own curiosity knowing some ppl who do that with fgo and knowing how much time this game consumes .
you get an opportunity to reinvent yourself when you go to college .
i was in band in middle school and something our band director said to the class in regards to showing up to band concerts stuck with me .
early is on time on time is late late is dead '' .
i do n't do that latter thing i 've always seen people as individuals
not sure if in going to last another 5 years .
ok but you need to have hdo aware devices ?
i have this old boiler which is quite using much electricity .
here are the bad guys all dressed in black .
i feel the only character that has a bit of depth to them now is jaime .
everyone else and the plot too have become too basic .
layered complexity is what made the books and the show so appealing in it 's early seasons .
it means he ca n't have a pint without a patchwork lumbering affront to god by his side .
being able to carry on a conversation is key .
if you can send me dank christian memes i will be easily won over .
even if you have n't got everything together now there needs to be an indication that you will have it all together in the future .
you 're asking me for 200 to help you out and you coulda had a million dollars ? ! ? ! ? ''
when the 12 year old girls post this to act smart
i may not be the best help but my new rescue does the same thing .
constant tail chasing we first thought was cute and funny but now realise she has some kind of anxiety problem .
she also thrashes her toys a lot mostly when stressed and sometimes gets jumpy barking and snapping at us non aggressively for seemingly no reason .
a recent vet visit left her in a state she was spinning and pacing and barking the whole time the vet said its very likely that she was previously left alone or confined a lot so has picked up these habits as a way to entertain herself and cope with her struggles .
she said it can be difficult to sort the problem depending on the reasons why she does it but we 're definitely going to try .
we have a behaviourist coming later today so if she says anything important about this that may benefit you i 'll try remember to update you .
the other thing to note is that my case is a rescue dog where i do n't know her history .
i 'm hoping that you knowing your pups history may be easier to find the reason behind it but i would recommend getting help from a certified behaviourist as they would be the best at telling you why your dog does it and what to do .
you 've had me on a string since we met .
i usually pick this second you need 2 admin techs for next idea group so i need to keep those while getting diplo or influence first as bird mana is useless
sure but while we 're pointing cynical fingers it 's pretty convenient that these clickbaity comments come at a time when slayer are trying to sell tour tickets .
nobody seems to take potshots at other bands when they do n't have anything to promote .
edit this is an australian media outlet and they 're touring australia in march .
there are tour dates listed at the end of the article .
i got pulled out of my home when i was 11 due to showing up to school covered in bruises for the idk how many times
went to 17 homes in 7 years and now i find it extremely difficult to feel emotions for other people .
that is what a bottoms dreams are made of !
i went to edinburgh in the summer and they had robotic lawnmowers like little roombas but for the lawn .
they were actually pretty cute and i want one !
if you know the source video of this gif then please post it in the comments asap .
if op has not provided a source then do not comment with 'source ? sauce ? who is this ? '
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gaygifs if you have any questions or concerns .
check out purge 's dota playlists https www.youtube.com/user/purgegamers/playlists https www.youtube.com/user/purgegamers/playlists
hah i was looking those up recently might make another creature based on them .
i was inspired by goose barnacles for this one .
iphone users would be too busy replacing the cracked screen for the 20th time so they wouldnt even reply .
because people twist the bible to fit their own agendas .
it was rewritten and shit was added to push agenda .
‘oh god hates this ... . ' writes it in ‘oh and he also hates ... .. ' writes that in too
also at the feast where they were talking about sansa and joffrey 's betrothal .
when you sell your artifacts you receive the new currency .
my new computers brand new 2070 died after the first week had to rma .
in the meantime i took my old 1070 fe and put it in with my 8700k .
turns out with some overclocking there 's barely a difference i 'm bottlenecked by monitor .
and now my 2 550ti cards are in my old computer/media player and they work wonderfully !
you 're the dumbass the did n't reply to the right comment refering to the video you say exists of nancy obama and schumer wanting a wall .
people have been begging for this since the standard/wild split started i think it would be awesome especially if the expansions that can be used switched up every month rather than every expansion release .
... that is what i saw in gif form .
the metrics bot is immediately dismantled because everyone is already using the metrics system .
those two champs really do n't share much in the way of cats though .
as a packer fan no one has been asking for a randall cobb though i wo n't complain
it 's more of a rule of law thing not morality .
quick question the sports bra that you are wearing in the second pic where did you get that ?
i have a large chest and i 'm always looking for better bras .
it 's the open mic when president obama told medvedev that he 'd have more flexibility on the missile defense system after the election . ''
but is substantially different in type and severity of what the trump campaign has been accused of .
the only reason that they are being linked is that they both occurred with russia
depending on how you 're monetized and a bunch of vaguely defined factors you can make anywhere from 500 bucks to several thousand bucks for a million views .
for channels that are big that 's millions in revenue a year .
you get yourself north of 100k subs and release daily content that they all watch ?
you can live a pretty decent life off that and maybe even sustain the cost of paying an employee to help you with video editing and such .
you get north of 250k and you 're easily paying someone else to help with production and becoming a small production company .
north of 500k to 1 million subs and you 're a bonafide business just off ad revenue .
and most of these people do n't rely on ad revenue alone they get sponsorships patreon sell merch etc .
having a million subs on youtube can easily make you a six figure salary if not make you a millionaire .
his books are the very first ones i remember reading and loving .
still have all of the bruno and boots series .
or read the thousands of other publications about them ?
it should work but i would lean to one with zinc .
yes and make sure to tell their parents call cps and see if you can get them to a safer home .
the strangers is honestly one of my favorite horror films .
i get why people do n't like it but all the things people hate it for is what i personally like it for .
what if you took the demonetization sign out and just gave pewds dad moolah
although most are script kiddies with no situational awareness it is still unfair to fight against .
very rare but still common enough that you will likely see one if you play blackout for more than a few hours
buuuut ... mouse and keyboard being prevalent in ps4 does complicate things .
look out for really strange movements and random locking on to rocks and walls
also fyi mobility does n't do anything for sprint speed though there is certain exotics that improve sprint transversive steps mida tool s etc .
so there may be some insight behind his rants unlike most wrestling fans .
and i 'm sitting here a guy who ca n't even go out if my ass gets a bit sweaty because all the dirty feeling annoys me to hell ... how do people live with themselves knowing they have shit on their asshole some place that will itch like hell because of it ? ? ?
it was a pedestrian effort from a band that could do a lot better if they were n't complacent touring on old material for years on end .
hardwired is just them trying to placate the 80s fans .
that 's literally the worst most expensive place to park
you grab the gun you swing your elbow to the face .
in the mire walking down the road until you hear the sounds of a piano playing .
edit attacking after the kickoff would mean you have no respect for the bus mourinho
bungie would come out and say that happened and it would make no sense while after all this time they did n't a glitch especially one this big
do you expect nvidia 's ptx to be replaced eventually ?
part of the problem is that amd 's gcn architecture shares the same name as the instruction set .
but fiji polaris vega and vega ii have advancements in architecture .
so its not like they 're all the same .
we are specifically talking about an ipad in this case ... been a while since i activated an ipad but i know an iphone ca n't just be turned on used on wifi straight out of the box without going through the basic activation/setup process and the differences between iphone/ipod/ipad seem to be getting smaller with each release .
its disappointing to see houston fans already exercising the idea of losing .
you really do n't have to buy this if you do n't want to .
honestly surprising for me that glavious ai mod is the 4th most popular mod and in the top 25 of all stellaris mods
oh right your so much smarter than everyone else .
everybody connect with the normal youtube and then connect with youtube vanced and connect it through youtube vanced .
i saw a comment from amy on her facebook page .
look for a wtko or jka affiliate dojo they generally have much higher quality control standards because they have to match organization standards .
just rush kill and pray for the next checkpoint .
tactical camps for some kills and then rush again .
but this way i‘ve done hardcore faster than my first normal run .
for tirailleurs war story slow means your troops won‘t engage and the frontline don‘t move .
rush find a place for cover wait for your comrades to push repeat .
it 's 1st and 10 on the mississippi state 47 .
i have no idea what happens in this movie .
more info at imdb http www.imdb.com/title ? mail+order+bride 281964 29 .
send me feedback https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmovieguide subject=re 3a 20http 3a 2f 2fredd.it 2faeduli confidence 0.72 '' .
pekka is so easily distracted ... specially in this meta with witches everywhere .
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=oversleeping bad dream ? without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i just care more for op 's airway than her bf 's cock .
bring your dog with you to cover your back .
from zero to one and from one to something even greater ! ''
it 's the usual quote but it just gets me every time .
just know that whatever you are going through it will pass .
when it 's your time you 'll get invited .
or some gen-lennial will make a app for it .
maybe just wait for the app to come out .
sony likely has to pay for each license claimed so they 'd prefer you work for it instead of just calculating every single ps user as an owner of a ps game and cutting a cheque 10 times necessary to the developer/publisher .
it 's about believing in something even if it means sacrificing everything .
i wo n't be impressed by this until he loses it all or makes enough to buy a yacht .
do you know the songs played by the pale waves ?
i missed no rome playing before but those pale waves songs where pretty good .
i think about this so much i think he would have died in paris or went back to christianity full time and stayed in frankia .
i think there would be an awkward confrontation between him and æthelwulf .
i do n't think he would assume any responsibility over alfred he 's not really father material .
ragnar probably would n't have given himself to alle which means the great heathen army would n't have happened .
maybe æthelwulf would have killed athelstan and ragnar take out revenge on england through that motive as well as the destruction of the colony .
i really stick to the theory that he would 've died in paris though either in battle or by the hands of the franks for his betrayal .
even though ragnar would n't have sabotaged the battle .
it 's probably a. telephiastrum based on those small pink leaves .
there 's several side characters that would make great short story style dlc 's .
i 'd love it but agree that it 'll probably never happen .
it would be a shame if they left it at that though
in my end of shift report i accounted for the 4 hours of lost productivity for having to get my system back to a working order but that 's really all i could do .
i 'm sorry but your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required gender tags f or tg .
we need to have this so people know what they 're getting into when they click the links .
please include one and resubmit and you wo n't be bothered by this message again .
m en can head over to r/guysfrombehind to post their pictures where the audience is more suited .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/assholegonewild if you have any questions or concerns .
the title is supposed to be funny because op is single .
op is single in case you did n't know .
as a european i dont get this whole expensive text book thing
this is my gofundme for my top surgery ! !
i already have one i just never thought about how much it cost the company to get one .
exactly 10 months in 3 days till i unload everything .
here 's to hoping tomoe comes with the amount of i saved up till that point .
horford should be punishing whiteside on perimeter but he ca n't make a single bucket
i 'm at the provisional license exam in the anime .
i ca n't wait to learn the story behind this horrible id picture .
he also testified against the bigger fish '' in that incident .
i do n't think i 'd be able to remember my whole name if it was that long tbh .
for real i ca n't believe people are still going but blade '' .
nobody flipped out over a black superhero they flipped out over the first major large-budget international release blockbuster to feature an all-black cast .
the majority of the cast for all three blade movies is white and before panther the most mainstream movie to feature a majority black cast was made by tyler perry
your submission has been automatically removed because you are new to our community spend more time contributing with your comments before posting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/marketing if you have any questions or concerns .
lol never heard that analogy but archer and south park are my comfort shows .
funny and familiar when you are in need of it most
yeah you have to have the right mindset to learn at autocross it 's a lot harder than track driving .
i was camping with my so and apparently sat up in the middle of the night grabbed her and said hello friend '' in a monotone voice
hmmmmmm she also said not too long ago that she jessa was n't pregnant .
just do this at every hotel in the kansas city area .
oh wait ... . same ol ' story different year .
my teams get use to it when their tank isnt always dead lol .
i call out my shield as its going down .
so they are always aware when to get out of the way and once it goes down i am normally out just enough to tank some damage and get out of los .
i normally try to take some damage to feed support ults but i try my best to be on my way out already before i take any direct damage .
individual teams have their own app have n't really explored it much to see what they have for stats and stuff but usually live scores
it is better suited for our daily simple questions threads https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/about/sticky ? num=2 .
you are encouraged to re-post this question there in today 's thread .
important this is not an automatic removal by a bot .
your thread was reviewed and removed by command from a human moderator .
please click the link above and read the full text of the rule if you have any questions about the removal .
mmm i know of designers that have similar aesthetics taxil hoax cathedral necklaces acanthus jewelry makes beautiful sacred heart necklaces but nothing exact which is a good thing as an artist it 's so horrid to have someone bite your style or designs .
i 've never heard of this brand before do they do quick sellouts or are just out of your price range ?
i 'd check with the creator to see if they do custom work that might be more in your price range if that 's the issue .
shit we paid 1200 for my shitty 1994 toyota with brake problems as well go figure lol .
400 for a car with just some brake issues ?
that 's a fucking steal ca n't believe he could n't drop that small of an amount on it what a dick
damn am i really in the minority for preferring mids to highs ?
i hope we get more mid aj1 color ways this year lol
so he still earn 2 if he pays the penalty !
yeah i ca n't speak for the mpaa nor have to i 'm british haha .
in the example you gave regarding bridge on the river kwai the implication there is of a probable 'trademark ' dispute .
one product 'passing itself ' of as the other .
the fact that they settled is not uncommon and is not itself reflective of what the probable legal judgement might have been .
that kind of haggling is all too common i 'm a producer .
you might find this interesting as well https www.screendaily.com/comment/comment-can-you-trademark-a-film-title/5104439.article https www.screendaily.com/comment/comment-can-you-trademark-a-film-title/5104439.article
there are plenty of films with either the same or similar names neither of which are prevented or protected by copyright unless under very exceptional circumstances eg .
do n't conflate trademark with copyright though they are two different beasts .
trademark infringement can occur even if the names are different .
the measure is whether one product is passing itself off as the other .
fortunately most states have waived sovereign immunity to an extent under their respective tort claims acts .
well reddit helped me lower my drinking lose weight save more money .
helene wecker 's the golem and the jinni is probably my favourite fantasy novel at the moment .
i like that it 's a sad and romantic book that spends as much time exploring the side characters as the protagonists .
it 's beautifully written and the audio is beautifully read .
possibly because it 's the only series i 've finished in recent memory but that says a lot about how much i liked it .
all four books just have so much of what i love .
ghosts mysteries friendships folklore and beautiful people being charming .
they would be taken off site to be shot but gassing is more likely .
i know in the chicken industry to de-pop barns they will shut off the ventilation in the barn and pump in a gas where the birds fall asleep and then die in like 1/2 hr .
we were watching the incredibles 2 during the scene where they are all eating as a family around the table .
important to understand that this has been a standard way of totally-not-imposing-government-power on various industries in the past .
we do n't like what you broadcast sure would be a shame if we had to bring the hammer down some day would n't it ?
or movies or games or insert a long list of stuff
lol 😂 there 're bunch of people in this sub who post over over over again .
sometimes it 's the same username but a few of them make multiple accounts just to post here ... it 's insane !
i want to pull that thong to the side myself ...
i see you are an expert developer please spare 5 minutes to make this .
i want to be a drill sergeant sort of person .
instead i live the life of a slow-moving cloud .
this is just needless speculation they have n't stated anything yet think about how long it would take to evolve anyway .
i 'll wait 15 more minutes if noone gives more it is yours .
maybe i 'm not thinking about it right but could you explain why ?
imagine wilson and marchand getting into a transporter accident where they genetically fuse !
i did this a couple times but it sent me spiraling back to when i worked in the shoe dept at k-mart slinging them thom mcans .
i used to be a dumb idiot kid and believed it .
google bits of the code ... like 'bgmstop ' or 'sw lsp '' and do some backwards investigation
while his hand is protected by gloves ? ! ''
put yourself in dude 4s shoes and tell me that would make you die inside a little .
so when he dies i think im just gon na try and yoink him before asmodeus does
certainly the top level is male 99.9 male dominated but i have no idea the gender of the people i play against unless they specifically say something about it/voice chat etc.. so just from personal experience alone it could be 50 which i know is n't true ... but you get my point hopefully
i feel like enough fights end up with everyone spread out around the boss that it could work if it has some kind of supplemental ability even if it 's just something like a channeled dance that pulses healing in a radius comparable to helios/lustrate/medica .
it 'd be a situational job if it was like that but the concept sounds fun to me .
i really do hope blufever was right on dnc just because there are so many ways it could be done .
i 'm off the clock i will correct you when i clock back in .
i learned that just because someone loves you does n't mean they wo n't hurt you .
your the one attacking me for writing on people 's post .
way to kick off the program with a wet fart .
dc dice masters world 's finest team box '' for 9 .
titleist 718 cb 2i through pw 6.5 xs project x 125g shafts 1/4 '' 2° upright
... i 'm gon na make my husband get icecream
rantambore/corbett/sunderband for tiger safaris kerala cochin backwaters elorra-ajunta caves jaisalmer trekking himalayas above manali ride toy train to darjeeling taj mahal roam the street behind the taj hotel by the police station in mumbai and you may get asked to be an extra in a bollywood production paholem in goa varanasi ghats
lots of good names already said i wan na add snoop and wale .
actually i do n't think she 's complaining '' inappropriately at all .
i went to the re after only 6 months .
i feel horrible for her that her government is making her wait so long .
actually yea there 's a sub rule about duplicate posts .
but regardless i bet you annoy the shit out of your parents with that attitude .
i can push a shopping cart all through the store with no problem but when i push the cart through the parking lot the vibration causes this weird uncomfortable sensation in the back of my hands .
it 's about as uncomfortable as something can possibly be without actually being painful .
you look like matthew lillard 's asscheek fell off and then he had sex with it got it pregnant and beat the baby senseless when it popped out and that was the better looking twin
back in the day she was a better laner so you could use her best talents pressuring sides and tp flanking .
needless to say junglers do n't split and do n't run teleport .
since other comments have n't seemed to mention this personality does n't make someone transgender .
more of less gender is a matter of which sex-based characteristics/appearance cause someone the least distress/the most comfort .
more often than not those sex-based characteristics are the ones that one 's birth sex hormone produce .
however with trans people those sex-based characteristics are usually the ones produced by the opposite sex hormone .
regardless of culture testosterone and estrogen create two consistent types of bodies and gender is which one is most compatible with one 's mind
gender is sex-related but not the same as sex .
the thing people do n't understand about all of this is owners are now embracing creativity and innovation on offense while not looking for any innovation on defense .
that 's the reason for the offensive explosion until the defensive minds catch up it 'll be offensive head coaches 9 times out of 10 .
rios at dream hands on k road does some decent black only work .
he 's done a couple nz birds before and they look dope .
i have detected this might be a duplicate image .
86.75 this is the kind of ad i like to watch .
i am a bot http i.imgur.com/hfrihme.png this action was done automatically .
please direct any questions or concerns or bug reports to u\/eegras https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=eegras subject message about u/pcmrbot http pcmrbot.eegras.com
a loose connection here at the outlet not back at the breaker is your thought ?
then ppl will say u never put god first hahahaha
he is doing a pretty good job tonight as well
look at how happy he is after he gets up
i 'm on the left ... . there 's a bunch more of us too .
hi there i see you have a weak team in your division .
we 're gon na move them out and add an expansion team that gets a ridiculously op draft ok ?
your account must be older than 7 days and have at least 50 comment karma to post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memeeconomy if you have any questions or concerns .
i spaced out and apparently the deep scion is dead .
i 'm in the same boat as you and trying to decide whether i want to fall down that particular rabbit hole .
seems like it would take a lot of patience to catch up with it all .
i agree with your sentiment about being ready or it not being for them period .
holy shit have n't seen a dragonlance reference in a long time ...
i remember as a kid reading about raistlin the black red and white robes ... that was a sick setting .
usually just one because sometimes they 'll even have some bigger dj 's come in and even do a silent disco set plus their regular one .
i did go to mempho fest this past year and they had 3 which is the only place i 've seen that .
not saying others do n't but the 4/5 fest i 've been to only had one dj every time i went .
i recall from my childhood that every time i did indulge in my sheets was because i dreamt of the loo and they were the best leak i took .
i then stopped when i had learnt to recognize when i was and was n't dreaming .
with clocks for example dream watches or rather their functionality is n't supported by our nightly simulator .
then the wetting ended forever since i made sure the costs outweighed the benefits and forcing my lazy sleeping ass from the bed to the toilet was a preferable option .
but i 'm not really sure if the damage increase affects the mod as well .
i can agree though that you 're worrying too much
yes you will be able to play on the na server but you may have to switch the region of your xbox to do so .
that cast would have had a field day of commentary on the people out there lol
you have until 01/11 10:47 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20190112t034757 .
it 's 1st and 10 on the ohio state 31 .
u/kingkoch32 reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' ae8y0c ''
what if a champion had an ult that allowed you to take control of an epic monster and attack the enemy team ?
you ca n't leave the pit obviously and when they kill it you die too but would n't that be unique ?
in general i believe qbr tracks epa pretty closely .
i know qbr is built on top of epa so that should not be a surprise .
dying breed so check em out while you still can .
i decided to go back to school for something else and my previous act scores were too old i guess so i had to take it again .
i think they 're only good for 5 years or so and i 'd been graduated from college for 6 years at that point .
being a dependent for taxes is not the same as being a dependent for fafsa .
ok unfortunately this is one of those situations where i tried enough things that it works now .
i think disabling secure boot on my new mobo did the trick .
it is a complete mess that should be regulated and illegal
i 'm not aware of many black markets that are regulated .
the only gaming win that gets me more hype than beating my buddies in chess is beating a boss i 've been stuck on in dark souls
you feel like one of the thugs batman is taking down that 's why the editing is so quick .
one apple tv and one android phone empty here .
have n't checked additional devices seems like it 's dtvn .
i was very sick last week sucking back nyquil which is a for sure recipe for nocturnal conversation .
apparently i woke her up last week making callouts for overwatch then finished up with well now i know i 'm talking in my sleep . ''
maybe just a touch of butter with a couple minutes left to bake and let that wonderful crust shine !
hey justin is that egg on your face or is that a careless whisper too ?
you forgot that indians and pakistani in the middle east are horrible drivers too .
had a terrible customer come in last week at kfc saying there 's no sauce on his famous bowl but when it was proven that there was he said well it does n't look like the one on the menu ! a fit was to be had soon after .
hope that drive back was worth the 3 jackass .
i like the game cats are cute it 's pretty similar
i feel like we decided about fifteen or sixteen years ago that scooters are shit .
but now i see kids on them again and they 're all doing tricks and shit .
the more absorption there is the blacker it gets .
also remember it has to be rough on a tiny scale like a wavelength of the light scale .
sandpaper is rough to touch but any given 500nm will be relatively smooth .
that 's half of a thousandth of a millimeter .
ill request sauce on the wingz and on the side because they never sauce it more than pictured
your submission was automatically removed because only images are allowed .
please feel free to post some memes next time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes_of_the_dank if you have any questions or concerns .
i can imagine you just putting it on and being like
one day this cum is going to be going on a girls face.. but for now i got ta get this acne gone than we can figure out how to get the girl
i did notice a damage dfop or so it felt like when i went from boss dmg belt to range dmg on belt
you guys are aware she 's announcing her retirement tomorrow right ?
oh yeah that boss was pretty tough if it 's the one i 'm thinking of .
i think there is a cheese strat for that boss but i forget what it is .
it sounds like people who were using spatial 's platform are sol but people can still deploy their own servers with spatial unity .
... which is likely a different 'package ' that costs a different amount of money ?
you can rent server space from us for or you can pay and be able to run your own servers .
oh darn you mean unity wo n't let us do the cheaper version ?
well now you have to fork over tons of money or go to a competing product .
what do you mean you 're all indie developers with limited funds and ca n't afford our prices ?
i have to wonder if unity was demanding a flat price or a percentage .
and i wonder if the tos was changed after improbable did the work and created their business model or before .
improbable claims the change was made in december of 2018 .
spatialos has been a thing since at least 2015 .
unity claims they pointed out the breach as early as early 2018 maybe late 2017 ?
but that still is years after spatialos was a thing .
what specifically is the part of the tos that improbable is violating and when did it appear ?
someone else not me i have to go to bed might be able to use the internet wayback machine to find out the history of unity 's 'software terms of service ' and see when they put the specific restrictions in .
looks to me that it mentions something about cloud services when they redid their site in july 2016 but improbable has been working on their tech for longer than that and they mention spatialos at least as early as november 2015 if not earlier .
i wonder if improbable saw an interesting way of implementing tech implemented it and then unity changed their tos to try to get a cut of it .
mcdonald 's and chick-fil-a for a big mack with chicken .
its true but this picture also is like not even conclusive that it hit his hand .
i was just referring to the fact that we did n't get one specifically for this banner which makes sense as they seem to only be given before events .
more like go curse and scream motherfucker until you are cold and all out of fucks to give in the walk-in for me .
it 's bigger for easier handling in transport and not getting lost .
as children my brother and i had a vhs player in our room .
my favorite movie was hercules and i would rewind that and play it so many times even after my little brother had gone to bed .
nta its your special day and you have every right to choose the attire for your special day .
the thing about tacos is that every type authentic tex-mex taco bell feels like a completely different food .
adding in the rest of mexican cuisine just makes it non comparable .
authentic corn tortilla carnitas and a little bit of cilantro dipped in a tangy but spicey red salsa
it 's not even hard to make system so it takes like max 5gb for logs and after that starts cleaning oldest ones..
the guy is 33 years old and just scored 56 points .
the original joke was good but the caption ruined it .
it was n't really an issue when it was encouraged in the game
do you have some sort of rack up top or do you load across the stock cage and windshield ?
i 'm not sure where flake fits in but i 'm going to be trying it soon .
no one is actively malicious towards the lower class and the other is just greedy and indifferent to the lower class .
both parties suck democrats only look good when compared to something beyond awful .
well it 's legal in california where dean lives .
do you have similar issues with his lil miniature hands holding a glass of beer ?
do you remember the two 12 year olds that stabbed their class mate to please slenderman ?
i wonder how much time the fbi or secret service spends talking to harmless dumbasses people making poorly though out jokes ?
but we already have them on 3ds so get them on 3ds ?
you can order ketchup and mayonnaise on the fries here in the netherlands and they 'll add onions as well so we do n't hate you for it .
but nothing beats mayonnaise and peanut sauce in my opinion .
look at the size of that seoul one is it even a tram ?
every tram track would need to be re done for it to get around corners .
no that 's superman prime one million which is fairly far up there as far as superman forms go but it 's still not the strongest .
strange visitor and thought robot cosmic armor are way stronger
and opening exit gates its also buffed up way faster .
granted you gain the power to rewind the time on saturn
unless you have less than 250 − 550 based on level 80 bonus ad 1.5 per 1 lethality base health ...
that would actually be funny to see a perma-red sona or something who did n't build any health .
i was thinking because it was a happy hour meetup there was an opening to circle back to her at some point in the evening .
so another option is she could have been feeing tipsy badass flirty walking by you and basically giving you a upvote knowing there was no time for you to follow through .
the reason i said it 's unlikely a 100 good samaritan gesture is because when you physically interact with a strange guys clothes/hat/hair you simply have no idea who you are dealing with and you might end up wishing you had a security detail for the rest of the night .
there are guys on the opposite spectrum as you they will find hints where there are zero hints and can be insistent relentless and ugly about it .
so it 's only worth it is the guy looks interesting approachable not creepy .
wrong i am looking for advice to post on reddit and although unstable i am not in imminent danger of being hurt or hurting myself .
your post is too short or does not contain a body .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/electronic_cigarette if you have any questions or concerns .
i kind of despise weebs and most anime but anime and manga have great potential as an artistic medium .
personally i really love berserk cow boy bebop and vineland saga among others .
i had the opposite experience seeing israeli families with babies cramming into bomb shelters while palestinians shoot rockets at them .
there 's some critical point at which a really bad title becomes a really good title
oh god not another month of the gov telling me how great they did the summit
it was hard at first because i let my emotions run wild but she really did n't mean any harm that 's just something they did for a few years share a bed because they were close .
however i just was n't ok with it given the history because even if you do n't want to sometimes alcohol makes you say f it .
fuck that took me too long to get it guess i 'll die ...
while i sort of agree with you i do n't necessarily think alcohol is just a truth serum '' ... i think it more completely takes away your filters and inhibitions so that any thought flying around becomes of the absolute importance to share there and then ... .especially if anxiety is involved then any negative thought you have is going to feel truly real without any input from your logical brain to argue it away .
so yeah i 'm more likely to spill my secret truths but also i 'm more like to say anything that pops into my head however fleeting
black ops 2. not necessarily for the story as i never finished it but it came out when i was in middle school i think and to be able to relive all those memories with my friends again would be something else .
the bios has a microcode version but the os can always load a newer one if configured which is typically true more so recently due to spectre/meltdown
reproduces on windows and also with oldish bioses oldish linux iso before the whole spectre meltdown stuff .
the person in that w520 thread mentioned something like bios 1.06 or so for w520 where they started seeing the problem .
i have n't tried a bios that old yet .
i 'm not using any of these but for example the birthday or anniversary shirts that you change the year .
or the t-shirt seller that 's practically made a whole business from straight outta .
they have like a gazillion straight outta shirts now .
i try to make more original designs but one that can be scaled like this .
that makes it possible to create 50 or more t-shirts in a day when i need to .
the cat just did a body slam off the top rope !
hey i can give you a medicants staff for a quick mule and 2 souls of a great champion or 40k souls equivalent
those are rooky numbers you better pump those numbers up
i feel that the trade weight limit should be affected by lack of wagon though doesnt appear to be .
also having a three tile entrance to trade/craft zones allow easier traffic flow/haulage and stuff .
https imgur.com/1x26cow.jpg you might be interested in this under point 26 where the annual remuneration of its three highest paid staff is not disclosed as it was deemed in the church 's best interest not to disclose it .
not a problem marcus always happy to help out the good guys.👍
technically it 's contender over mk23 now if you look at top rankings that is if you have a contender .
they 're both just two non-standard protagonists that do n't fully grasp everything going on around them and suffer for it .
that is way too vague lol nothing i said was that vague xd but nice try .
pat yourself on the back for picking up on an autocorrected mistake ...
well you would think mangadex would enforce their own rules as has been pointed out to them in regards to this group multiple times yet the group still uploads scans with their own self proclaimed obnoxious watermarks '' that their mangadex group page even stated so when mangadex rules state obtrusive watermarks are not allowed . ''
but the case and point is you brought up the no watermarks plastered all over the place '' but mangadex do n't care to enforce this rule and probably others unless i guess if its for a popular series or from a popular group .
i think he was destined to fail on that team .
i think that team had to fail to clean the decks and start again .
while his performances were not good on many occasions i dont think he was the worst player on that team .
and if you do n't mind me asking how old are you ?
and how long were you working with her enduring her harassment before you reported to the hr ?
well guess its just a matter of waiting for the patch with the fixes whatever the devs decide on as annoying as it is
you dont have to get mad yourself to play violent character .
when playing as a person that is not like yourself understanding her is the key .
make it a very vague trigger so that it fits in many situations that way she will be a consistent and very angry character .
maybe she'very impatient and whenever someone takes too long talking/shopping/looting/not dying for enemies she gets angry .
maybe she gets angry when anything goes not as she was expecting it to go .
i had simmilar problem when we were playing evil one-shot .
i decided to go with melee strength-based warlock fiend patron and greatsword as pact weapon .
he was a face of the party and really nice guy ... right untill he lured his victim into secluded area then he showed his murder-happy side .
long story short during that game there was a situation when he was alone with an disposable npc so he killed her .
i was struggling with that decision for a long time irl because it was completely against how i usualy play and there were a lot of other options but this situation was my characters trigger so i sticked to his modus operandi .
and that decision made a really memorable scene and had led to quite interesting consequences .
yeah once you hit 45s there is a lot of lagswitchers .
meanwhile you 'll be experiencing a lot of disconnects users just like you saw in my video .
i love carrying a pen in my pocket that is reliable and portable if you like the idea you should like the kaweco sport it 's light affordable and very pocket friendly .
the kaweco sport was my beginner pen and it remains in my right pocket daily—ca n't go wrong with it .
so according to you if the commenter was just making a bad joke but did n't really mean any harm then the comment was n't an insult .
i think the opinion of the target does matter for that very reason .
if intent is all that matters then there 's no such thing as microaggressions and ultimately the feelings of oppressed people do n't actually matter .
that paradigm has n't worked out so well in the past .
do they greet everyone with welcome to the dark side '' ?
got kicked from a game cause i did n't want to throw like the rest of them .
got team killed in another game cause they thought it was funny
the hard part about math and subjects like physics or chemistry that involve a lot of math is that they 're really cumulative and you have to keep up with the daily work .
it 's really hard to maintain that kind of discipline and focus when you 're depressed like that .
i think that 's why i had easier times in social sciences and humanities because i could have a good day and read a novel or a chapter of book without worrying about the three weeks i had n't really covered .
or skills necklace to mining guild and appear literally almost at the entrance to the workshop..
the best thing you can buy is anti-armor explosive pump it will easily kill anything except sbq solo .
it 's more rare since it apparently was n't duped like it 's no tomorrow .
i had tse handmade pump and 50cal sold them no regrets .
do n't like combat meh range and gatling just meh .
tse shotgun is useless since it gives you just one more pellet anti-armor is a better choice imho .
edit by useless i do n't mean it 's bad it 's just two-shot is not an ideal mod for a shotgun .
it is stated that ludoshel is 200,000 pl i believe
psa the website is a scam and they do n't actually sell cars .
all the pictures are just pictures of the real cars taken from other websites .
instead of florida spending billions on sewer upgrades would n't the wiser thing be to start converting all toilets to compost type or the ones that burn the shit ?
all water would than be grey and a drain field could handle that .
besides with rising water levels would just destroy sewer pipes quickly not really solving anything .
do n't want to be that annoying one but i 'm curious why assume it contains any truth to begin with ?
same though i do enjoy the mod that makes monster 's faster when enraged i do n't use it online but it was fun to play offline overbreak
let 's me play with others and hang out in game .
i think i would be more okay with the layered armor transmog if it did n't show online that just seems a bit ... risky .
as well as the fact as you can cheat and get layered armor that could be earned
text them at fajr see if they 're up 😂
how exactly do you think a wall will make any difference when cbp is so under staffed ?
two guys patrolling every 100 miles wont suddenly be able to catch all the illegals simply because it takes them 10 extra minutes to climb a ladder .
a wall is only effective if illegal crossings only work with overwhelming numbers .
but that 's not the case they work because they 're going undetected .
why not hire 100s of more cbp agents or buy some helicopters or drones for them so they can sweep the border very quickly ?
haha that 's true man i was hoping as they 've done that with previous ones we had staggered it so one was 150k and then next 1k oh well another grind session with only a barrett as my bonus lol
wait till someone showes you how you can blow one nostril without a tissue usually outside .
this is expert mode and with 2 people we wanted to make sure we had enough healing to last through the longer fight .
a quick google search for this controller brings up a handful of other users experiencing the same issue across a multitude of different ssd vendors that have opted to use this controller for their latest ssd offerings .
a handful of failures which would be well within the standard expected manufacturer defect rate is cause to claim that the controller is somehow defective ?
it will probably take longer than 60 years for crispr related treatments would be available to any sizable population that would threaten the whole of the medical device industry .
motherfuckers act like they 's about to get paid .
what you need to do is go to the intel spec page for the cpu and buy memory with specs that match what cpu supports .
one time as a little kid i was visiting in virginia and tried to write a letter back to my friend but i accidentally spelt virginia as vagina and my dad was really upset with me .
me too it 's soooooo annoying having these feelings i 'd say ignore these feelings people that do n't want to spend time with you will make it obvious !
we just overthink and make things so much harder for ourselves by doing that .
i 've been a bad boy and it 's plain to see
i got to go to pula croatia for 7 days .
we did n't wear uniforms and we stayed in a 5 star hotel .
i want to know the truth ... is northen wings canon ?
i feel like this patch was rushed due to them wanting to fix things asap after getting back from vacation .
they probably should have taken more time with it .
just forwarded the message i got from the old crook .
used to be but then allah changed his mind ...
if you are dying in lair switch to gd gear .
if not then stick with what gives you more damage .
u wont be kicked being part of a squad .
i 'm talking of non-standard syntax which hinders interoperation with other shells a very common operation .
extensions are ok for interactive use such as completion history and colouring but syntax is fundamental and must allow turning command line into a script and running parts of scripts interactively and running these on different hosts owned by different parties .
so non-standard syntax is an absolute no-go and only bin/sh is allowed for the scripts .
my last cat was always doing that too or stare at me with judjing/angry eyes .
i was playing tourney after tourney at country level for nearly 5 years .
sometimes i look at tournament videos from those times and nearly tear up .
i really wanted to try this in bf1 but the oceania servers were always empty .
which is coincidentally when the show jumped the shark .
i 'd love to win the crash bandicoot remastered trilogy .
going to a gig of one of your favourite bands really is a great feeling
the only icon of sin is the qc shortcut on the desktop ...
he had his armor enchanted and sold pumat the worse armor and deducted the cost .
technically they did find a magic staff marisha just did n't realize it .
they found a staff that warms the hands of the holder .
a minor enchantment that does n't have any combat benefit but enchantment enough to count as magical and overcome resistance to mundane weapons .
i honestly can not tell if you are being literal or making a joke .
well i 'm not an expert at developing but must have done 50-100 rolls now and shaking it definitely seems to bring out the grain for me .
they do n't understand things like needing to be onboard for being at bmq by x date so you can make arrangements in the civilian world .
there can be a rational explanation to everything as long as someone is willing to hear it .
when both people are open-minded conversations about politics can be very enlightening
wear multiple layers of clothes thick wind-water tight jacket and basically just dress for the temperature man if it does n't get to like 25 you should n't even feel cold if you dress right
how often have i been hunting for an outlet at the airport because my phone was about to die ?
he did direct another film though an adaptation of dostoevsky 's the double with jesse eisenberg it was like a ya david lynch film good fun really .
i wish richard ayaoade directed more films though he is clearly very good when you look at the films he 's directed and the films he has taken inspiration from .
in the uk he spends a lot of time on channel 4 with programmes like the crystal maze reboot and travel man 48 hours in ... which are very entertaining as he 's clearly allowed to bring his distinctive sense of humour to both programmes but i 'd also love to see him make more films in the future .
he 's written a few books too actually the tail end of 2018 saw him release his first novel whereas his book ayoade on ayoade a cinematic odyssey is like a sarcastic autobiographical interview where he asks himself interview questions and provides his sly sharp sense of humour in the form of jokes that your film school buddies would giggle at .
i got him before christmas using the level x pack which cost me around 11 euros .
i just had to add a few gems i had saved and some more by the regular price
i forgot what they were called lol that sucks that you did n't get it 😞
take it to the un and extend the pressure to the japanese government just like western countries do to when their citizens are jailed in authoritarian countries like in the middle east .
i checked before playing then went on a 3h gaming session with 3 friends and then checked again ... 300cc more via dailies ... . meh
maybe they protest because climate change is not a problem that we can fix slowly in 50 years when they all finished their studies and are working we need to change it now and the governments seem unwilling to do it only way to make them know what you want if you cant vote yet is protest
honestly it never occurred to me i never use riskrunner .
you should have a p45 or at least payslips from the previous employment showing total earnings and tax deducted figures .
on your tax return in addition to the profit made on self employment you also include total pay and tax deducted from employment in the year .
if you have paid too much tax it will show that a refund is due when you file the return .
especially their new album joy as an act of resistance .
c'mon mate you 're missing the goal from super sub kruse
i 'm fine with the partial shutdown of the government .
i voted for a wall and i still want a wall .
i think bullrush is fine even with a hero that is n't focused on it .
now plasma pulse needs a rework not just some buff a full rework .
biceps are my weak point ca n't seem to make any progress on them .
starfire and raven from the multiseason series before the teen titans go reboot but real
i know people say wait on veromos but i 'm not close to veromos and i already have all the 5 star stuff ready for one and still have 5 of the big rainbowmons laying around for veromos when i get him .
it seems like being able to do faimon hell would save me energy and get me more fodder .
i dont see the point in letting a 6 star worth of mats just lay around when they are ready to be placed on someone and i thought about bella but thats not exactly going to help me right now where farming faimon hell instead of hard would .
if i had n't bypassed the 3/4 star fodder for all the fusions i would think differently but with work and other tasks before i knew it i just kept leveling fodder to max 5 .
you know at work dont have time to sift through monster box just find a max fodder level him start again .
so now i have a 6 star ready to go and the choices are bella or lapis .
they were very clever in their wording of everything .
there was no lie written on the red bus .
it was disingenuous and deliberately misleading but that 's political campaigning for you .
remain were no better and we both know that .
hi aloneabone it seems like you might be looking for anime recommendations !
i have changed the flair on your post to indicate that but if i 'm wrong feel free to change it back !
the users of this subreddit came up with an awesome recommendations flowchart http imgur.com/q9xjv4p .
maybe you can find something there that you 'll like .
you might also find our recommendation wiki http www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/recommendations or weekly recommendation thread http www.reddit.com/r/anime/search ? q=subreddit 3aanime+author 3aautomoderator+recommendation+tuesdays restrict_sr=on sort=new t=week helpful .
a useful website where you can enter an anime and see where it 's legally streaming http because.moe
a useful wiki page with watch orders for many anime .
a list of tracking sites so others can more easily recommend shows you have n't watched .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
very nice of you to call a 16-year-old girl an ugly fuck. jesus man .
i may be wrong and you may be 100 pro bikes or you may be wrong and you are unknowingly a bit anti-bikes .
i suspect the truth is somewhere in the middle .
my opinion is based on hearing similar arguments from others and small choices in wording your arguments .
the risk of injury and loss of life is certainly much greater for cyclists than for drivers but that 's a risk many cyclists choose to take
logically there is nothing objectionable in what you are saying but the way you worded it puts all the onus on the cyclists .
the risk of injury and loss of life is certainly much greater for cyclists than for drivers so that 's a responsibility every driver must accept .
you also admit that this bugs you on your commute presumably because you are anxious in the mornings and hungry and tired in the evenings .
but those things are your problems that you are emotionally shifting onto the cyclists .
remember that is their commute too and driver irritability at those times is more than just an inconvenience for them .
cars were a menace from the start and drivers immediately felt that they had more right to the roads .
it 's a subtitle thing that boils down to vulnerability .
people naturally behave more aggressively towards the more vulnerable when they appear to be competing for some resource .
it 's not that some people are jerks which is true but when a cyclist gets into a car they unconsciously push others around too .
we all need to remind ourselves that when annoyed by a cyclist in front of us we need to give them the same respect we would give to a slow car occupying the same space .
this also applies to the visibility problem you described .
if you had to brake hard after cresting that hill that means you were n't allowing enough stopping distance to accommodate cyclists pedestrians or slow vehicles .
after a particularly gruelling session in near 30c heat at the nad al sheba sporting complex on wednesday there was initially not a great deal of appetite for some games .
but that soon changed when the squad was divided into three 8-a-side teams academy graduates and goalkeeper david de gea in one another made up of older heads and a third side compromising everyone in between and told they were playing a winner-stays-on tournament .
it got so competitive that the players were pleading with the coaching staff to let them carry when things were eventually wrapped up and the youthful side featuring the likes of marcus rashford andreas pereira scott mctominay tahith chong and angel gomes emerged triumphant and revelled in playfully mocking their senior counterparts .
very happy the mood has changed at the club my only fear is big games and how ole approaches them which we 'll see sunday .
but even if we get beaten i think the mood will stay up .
20 minute naps on your lunch break works wonders for general energy and attentiveness and anything adrenaline inducing in the free time you have helps .
got back on a skateboard and snowboard after a two/three year hiatus .
got ta have some solo time and find enjoyment from other avenues .
at the end of the day work is mad repetitive regardless of your industry .
i really think if a filmmaker understands the spirit of the game universe it could be done right .
and not even necessarily as animation a live-action film could absolutely capture that spirit in a way that fans of that universe would recognize and appreciate .
do you have a perrin shift stop in yet ?
that helps a ton to just get it in gear easily .
the clutch is definitely a trip and it took me awhile to get used to but i do n't have much of a problem anymore on the stock tune .
i also installed the perrin brass bushing and a heavier knob .
my general rule is to get out of 1st as quickly as possible at all times haha .
i do n't launch on stop lights or race people etc so i ca n't help there ... good luck
as long as you contribute the best way you can it 's all good
i 'm new to reddit and this is my first saved post like i 'm so fucking curious to follow along on this journey .
if it 's a body you know it 's gon na get good .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
try to make sure your post has good rhyme https www.reddit.com/r/boottoobig/wiki/bootsize wiki_rhyme and good meter https www.reddit.com/r/boottoobig/wiki/bootsize wiki_meter .
a true boottoobig '' is a post with both good rhyme and good meter .
a small boots '' post has either bad rhyme or bad meter .
if your post was removed and the words rhyme it is because of bad meter .
see the bootsize https www.reddit.com/r/boottoobig/wiki/bootsize wiki for examples of good meter .
you are welcome to try it again on small boots sunday .
if you have any further questions please feel free to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fboottoobig .
ah that 's a shame thanks for the info !
i was trying to figure out who the other fat guy was .
took me a minute to realize it was wendy .
if i were a federal worker that had several months of savings i 'd absolutely love the shut down .
that 's a big if for a lot of us americans ...
you can get much better rewards from doing well at champions in the lower levels .
it just depends if you want to prioritize resource development or personal skills development .
i was in that phase of puberty and i still remember reciting his bits from vicious circle by heart to my friends in our circle at school .
dane got me hooked on stand up during his 15 minutes of fame .
his comedy always made me and still makes me crack up .
i 've seen a lot of people annoyed by dk and captain toad being ports with a heftier price tag than the originals
as someone who never had a wii u i 'm definitely going to buy all these games at some point but 60 bucks apiece is a hefty purchase
when they can get their shit together enough to get food to the table the marlin cafe at nelson 's is a hidden gem and has the 2nd best burger in bellingham .
i actually had similar thoughts which is one reason i decided to go ahead and do the other chart as well and then post both and see what others thought
unless kurama is removed then boruto just needs to survive for an hour or two
how could a decrease in total amount of labor performed per household somehow increased household prosperity by itself ?
i could understand it affecting childless households but as is your entire chain of logic is absurd .
you 're ignoring my evidence and carrying on chanting big daddy state and unions saved us ! ''
and missing the fact that value of labor increases costs of living decreased and it became much more reasonable for working families to invest into their children 's long-term success via education instead of sending them to work .
i like this new experiment by rick ... change things up
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
ah yes but he 's a child in a fur suit so your both underaged making it legal .
the only people who keep joking '' when you 've told them it is n't funny are pure assholes .
dude has not a clue hes just going harder faster stronger now hes still in edm mode as the legend goes
after that.. '' as the next source to obtain it from with the quest as the first example .
yeah a poor choice of words from my side in hindsight but i did n't specify that you need to do one first and then the other or else lose the chance to get it .
i hope they do n't roll around in their sleep !
if something is developing and you cause considerable changes in its function while its developing it will likely develop incorrectly right ?
the reason it 's hard to call it harming '' is because there is n't a clearly defined good/bad result in every person .
evidence tends to point towards it having negative effects on attention and cognitive development .
it has also been evidenced to worsen cognitive development in younger users so exposure as a fetus when the brain is first developing in the womb does n't seem like a good idea either .
while the nature of studying pregnant mothers smoking weed is a sort of morally grey area what research that has been done has tended towards negative effects on multiple dimensions of cognition .
like you who asked how a plant could be harmful ?
like a person that thinks its worth it to reply to someone who is saying they do n't see a problem with potentially smoking weed during a pregnancy ?
that sort of shit could affect a child 's entire life .
about the same age they have kids so do we .
he was a stay-at-home dad for a long time .
a few times it was mentioned they could n't afford another car it was difficult to save money .
they did not hide their political affiliation and frequently talked negatively about the other party while waiting for the school bus .
dad finally got a job on an on-call basis ... but he did n't have a car .
so he started asking me for rides when i was around .
sometimes the job was an hour away but i get it he wants to make money to help support his family .
i helped him when i was home and i took him to work whether it was 5 minutes down the street or in the next county .
just a twelve year old 4 door domestic sedan .
paint was still glossy good amount of newer parts in it .
one day i offered him the keys and title to the car .
i would n't accept money from him because i did n't pay anything for it myself nor did i know the actual condition of it .
it started and drove in my driveway when i jumped it but it was towed there and i 'd never taken it over 2 miles an hour .
turns out all it needed was a 110 battery and now the guy has a reliable car to drive to work and is able to accept as many on-call assignments as he wants to take now .
his wife is n't driving all over the state anymore after working all day to pick up her husband at work .
they became to be in a better place financially .
i thought i gave them a winning situation and i might 've liked someone to do the same for me .
we all want to feel useful to our families .
we 're very republican and they 're staunchly aggressively democrats ... and that 's ok with me .
a few months later we all find ourselves in the hallway together at the elementary school our kids attend waiting during parent/teacher conferences .
there were five sets of us parents total in the scene .
all of a sudden the guy 's wife started talking ... strangely she almost began the whole thing mid-story or mid-sentence like she 'd been having a conversation with someone and decided to interrupt .
she was n't talking to her husband she was addressing all of us a group .
flipping out about donald trump and immigration and how he needed to be removed from office .
my wife who 'd never ever discussed our political affiliations with them was unable to control herself and said he does n't know how to talk to people i know that .
but he 's done a lot of really good things for the country i do n't think anyone else could have done '' .
i looked around all of the other parents slyly looked away and all .
the neighbor 's wife noticed as well and began sobbing softly .
an hour later she 'd defriended my wife from facebook and they both act very casually disinterested in us at the bus stop .
like we 're good enough for a quick fake smile but then we 're ignored .
we 're republican and they 're staunchly aggressively democrats ... and that 's not ok with them .
you just described the 10 that is called financial stability
it is really hard to see it i wish i could see it closer so i could smudge it around your pretty lips
harvey slightly behind and to the left of steve appears to be seasonal
the visual i got from this was perfect thanks for the laugh
i 've never seen so many homeless people and wretched squalor as i 've seen in the states .
been to india seen bad stuff there but i do n't think i 'd be tooting the usa horn when you look at society as a whole not just the top .
edit not an endorsement of any given system just a reminder of the basics like literacy mortality health care equality etc .
is the shut down going to interfere with tax returns ?
i deployed to afghanistan in 08 if you were a soldier you went outside the wire .
there was a time where that did n't mean shit it just meant you could be ordered to die or kill for your country
he took that love yourself quote a little too far .
i will say in my six years there that was my only physical interaction with any patient .
the department of defense has expressly held that this same rationale applies to distributions from limited liability corporations .
the reference is to this http ogc.osd.mil/defense_ethics/resource_library/emoluments_clause_applications.pdf paper on page 5 paragraph 3 it reads
accepting a share of partnership profits is considered an emolument where some portion of the share is derived from the partnership 's representation of a foreign government .
olc has determined that because the partnership would be a conduit for that foreign government payment a portion of the recipient 's income could be attributed to a foreign government .
this is so even if the individual subject to the emoluments clause did not actually provide services to the foreign government .
in other words a distribution from a partnership that includes some proportionate share of revenues generated from the partnership 's foreign government clients is an emolument .
we believe that this same rationale applies to distributions from limited liability corporations although this view has not been officially sanctioned by the department of justice .
so it 's not the official stance of the department of justice but it is the stance of the dod who wrote that paper .
i think nina and coco proved the best way to do it is to make a character so i 'd probably do a queen as the shriveled wrinkled wheelchair fish from spongebob as lady bunny 's old mom .
nobody except someone who lives and breathes ibanez can identify any of this .
i think it 's because of his indifference to her rather than just outright hatred .
i did n't know and still barely know how he feels about her .
we actually had similar childhood experiences both our mothers did drugs had abusive and toxic relationships and are generally jn .
i guess i didnt want to be full nc unless he outright said lets go nc '' .
i actually showed him my post and he wants to remain vlc with a ton of boundaries unless she fucks up .
i 'm truly sorry for you experiences with abuse and i 'm sorry your partner doesnt understand your feelings or wishes .
my father is the jy out of my 2 parents but he still has very toxic traits that he is trying to fix .
i correct him as much as possible but overall i think i overlook a lot because his father was verbally abusive and caused my father to seek out love and approval from anyone .
he is in a wonderful relationship now with my jysmom she is the best she took over mom duties when my mother didnt show up or contribute to my wedding and she is helping him a lot .
she knows my feelings and is basically acting as the bridge between our conflicting yet similar personalities we are both stubborn but have opposing views .
but anyway that 's my long way of saying i agree that i have to better establish boundaries with many relationships in my life .
i 've gotten better since we found out about baby .
my dad likes to try and stake his claim '' or push boundaries '' by stating i dont care if you disagree i 'm doing with baby when it 's older '' .
i shut that shit down even if i agree because it is n't about right or wrong intentions it 's about him blatantly stating he would go against my wishes as parent if he thought he was right .
i 'm nervous about blocking on fb because i have no clue if that will put more stress on bil1 and sil since they sometimes depend on her for babysitting and see her more often than us .
is there any way they could suffer the consequences of my actions ?
i do n't want to put sil through any more stress .
and i 'm not certain it 's worth it now since i already barely hear from her .
it was va so they 're not likely to pull a dc and go easy and ignore that his dumping was for commercial profit and a felony just need to find the asshole first .
i apologize for my language i have no respect for people with zero regard for littering this guy is a bad human .
i have n't seen that maxwell gieco commercial in years
i ca n't say you are wrong when your argument is essentially trust him they 're working on it . ''
however i have to disagree with you because i think don jon is not credible and i think most americans in fact most humans in earth would agree with me .
any kind of music as long it sounds good all is well in my world .
tbf i 'm a bit torn between them all as i think all women should be shunned from society because is she breaths she 's a thot
im on a binge of the re games at the moment and im missing this game .
call me what you want i 've got thick skin
big american car companies using cheap overseas labor are being attacked on two fronts now via taxes for building overseas and the chinese making new regulations .
there 's no fucking way our president is bailing these turdstains out like the last idiot in office either .
a major company responsible for that is purdue pharmaceuticals .
there is a maker space near the old airport .
that is the most 80 's video i 've ever seen .
dae changing your mind based on facts and evidence over time is a sign of weakness ?
hmm i wonder what complex and advanced facets there are to that joke i do n't understand 🤔
maybe op does n't live on reddit like some of you seem to .
last time i saw this post was r/gaming weeks ago and i do n't think there were any ties to rl or the creator but do i know there were n't a hundred 13yr olds crucifying op in the comments of that post .
your submission has been automatically removed because your post is too short .
per rule 3 all posts are subject to a length requirement of 750 characters of meaningful content .
you are welcome to resubmit your post once it meets the minimum length .
you will need to resubmit it as a completely new post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tifu if you have any questions or concerns .
i love this car i have one in ice white and black sprot rims
i just had one where it was the squad deploy menu and i could teleport across the map by selecting another point .
i thought this was a quote from the movie bio-dome at first
i cant take vikings seriously to me it is plain retarded and boring but everyone has their own retard thing they like i guess .
looks like once every couple decades they spend like 0.03 of the us 's annual budget lmao .
i mean i was n't gon na go there lol
people go once or maybe a few times but then the novelty wears off .
in toronto for example the bubble tea craze is real .
every shop that has good bubble tea has really reaped the rewards .
these shops charge 6-8 per drink and a lot of them have long lineups throughout the day .
op i actually think this is a great franchise to take on so long as you do n't invest behind one of the weaker performing bubble tea brands or try to force it by creating your own as you likely do n't have the branding skills for this yet .
also you need to evaluate your market and determine whether users are interested/have had it before .
if you can confirm there is a demand i say go crazy ...
yeah everyone is saying the girl is from a different state .
i think she is from missouri or illinois though since i have heard those the most .
hmmm that 's true i was actually going for the what thing you consider should never be joked about '' on the beginning but god knows i 'm happy with the result .
best of luck to everyone and here 's my entry as well .
you sure do know a lot about letterkenny and that 's what i appreciates about you .
i mean if you see a girl naked in front of you and tell her that she looks better with clothes on you 're probably a nice guy .
yeah way for the people doing it to take it too far and make it dumb and cringey .
yea bro you make total sense it would be so much better if it were growing in your moms basement ''
there used to be a good portion of people selling their own junk but he chinese import floggers were moving in .
cartoony not extremely difficult but does promote problem solving via using different characters to solve different puzzles as well .
my ex has two boys and the oldest 8 at the time of the first skylanders game loves playing this
based on a 40 hour work week do the math for 6 months and meet that in the last 24 months either by ojt or a letter from an a p or dom detailing the work schedule you worked
at this point i was thinking about building github profile and trying to get atleast one freelance project it may help with my resume .
just not sure if that 's the right path or directly starting from zero for new technology
me and other roommate are 19 having to tell this dude to do his laundry and throw away his food scraps and not hoard our dishes and dump milk he does n't finish down the sink and for the love of god socks need to be washed at minimum every two days but more realistically every day .
yes even prestige kai'sa you can get through hextech crafting and i believe you can be mystery gifted it as well riot never confirmed if you can mystery gift it but i imagine you can
when my kids are at school i miss my kids i do not want to be alive anymore i want death ! ! !
oh sorry had a little mental breakdown or what ever those crazy psychologists call them again .
kids should not be exposed to such inappropriate things at such a young age .
why can they not leave the psych ward ! ? ! ? .
13 did not know what a milf was until 8th grade and i think at that age kids are just old enough to learn these phrases .
all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
see reality fiction https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a reality+fiction restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all and simple prompts https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a simple+prompt restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all for stricter titles
be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback and follow the rules https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/writingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've played tc tf three times ilitw twice and i 'm on my fifth run-through of endless summer .
personally i think white would 've been great too but partially because it wouldnt seem awkward like in this image .
my google-fu is failing me do you happen to have any links to the frontline work ?
i 'm writing my thesis on flawed forensic methods and would love to see this stuff !
i banged a college chick while i was home on leave .
if that 's not much help i 'll go back to polishing my framed ged
sorry that my opinion on what games i like offends you so much .
first get out a pair of scissors then cut it up .
how do you plan to grow '' at 29 interest payments ?
you can make 500 bucks in a week working at mcdonalds .
if your going to grow your going to do it with your own cash .
go make 29 on cash you already have and cut up that card .
i never watched it am not especially eager to seems kinda bland and just not my style of comedy and some days on reddit i 'm pretty sure i 'm missing 50 of the jokes .
songs about jane by maroon 5 and britney by britney spears
it 's like the hitchiker 's guide to the galaxy film on a television budget and that was just okay .
trump could literally be dragged off to jail and those same people are going to scream to the heavens that he was always innocent .
nothing will convince the people who have n't already been convinced .
if someone texting and swerving just bumps into you how do you prove to your insurance this is the case ?
you decided from street view that you would be racially targeted .
there 's a reason transplants have a bad rap in brooklyn and this orange county bullshit is a big part of it .
i wo n't be in peace for a long time .
not only that his men also lost their respect for him when he chose not to punish catelyn for her actions .
i believe rickard karstark would have not gone rogue had robb punished catelyn for her treason .
well if they had a screen protector and a case ... maybe
good to see they were able to make you feel right at home .
but i think i have it figured out after following this sub .
try switching to a higher quality shampoo and conditioner .
i use a few different but that is a winner .
i also have to stay away from everything protein and coconut .
the photographer was terry o'neill and according to getty images paul and clint met by chance outside a motel in tucson arizona .
some color photos were also taken at the same time and a couple have been posted to this sub before
your comment https www.reddit.com/r/comcast_xfinity/comments/af121k/would_you_expect_1gbps_speeds_with_these_modem/edv699b ? context=3 in r/comcast_xfinity has been removed .
we understand that problems and issues can be frustrating to resolve but we ask that you refrain from using inappropriate language in our community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/comcast_xfinity if you have any questions or concerns .
season one had some funny episodes but they did get pretty stupid as time went on .
what app do you use that offers the best search
i 've gone in there and outright posted that i voted sanders and have never had any issues .
i think the kicker no pun intended but sort of is whether or not you 're going there to shit on trump or not .
they 're pretty open to discussion in good faith .
other comments in this thread are saying it was n't like that in all quake games .
if your teammates are n't solid objects when walking into you then they should be able to be shot through .
people in la are all like ‘oh have you tried the tacos ?
if they did that though then people wouldnt waste their money to get tons of stickers and tags buy buying tiers
i spent 20 on the panther saddle since it has the best stats but no .
i have 92 overall since i bought the 25 gold pack and the free ones they gave us
same i really admire their comeback from that trade i also really like some of their players like levert .
all of my ancestry traces back to spain as far as they can recall if thats what you mean by native spaniard '' you ring of losers claiming im a whole bunch of different things should really start finding new wierd things to claim about me .
edit youve made an alter account with only this comment and 1 karma ?
youve gone through all that trouble just to alander me ?
h rl keys sale w .7 paypal f f each tf2 keys crypto
100 rep on rltracker https rltracker.pro/reputation/288350587722924033 https rltracker.pro/reputation/288350587722924033 refresh if error
add me on steam or pm me on reddit https steamcommunity.com/id/roflersmoflom https steamcommunity.com/id/roflersmoflom
i legit just explained this isnt fake lol you can even see the world is all fucked up .
this is something that 's really common and happens a lot .
if you 've just shaved you may have only noticed it because the hair is shorter .
but mostly it happens when two hair follicles under the skin are so close together that they break the skin as one and then naturally split .
it 's not an issue though you should n't be worried .
because i worked for a firm where we had clients that were a true hassle ... would n't settle unless you got everything they wanted which is usually impossible .
every client thinks they have a billion-dollar case and if you ca n't get clients to be a bit more realistic things get harder .
sometimes you have to delay court proceedings because of that .
i imagine she probably explained to him what they were looking at and he would n't budge so she had no option but to terminate their contract .
pretty much every contingency fee agreement says hey you can drop me at any time but i 'll recoup my costs '' most attorney 's do n't unless you do it way too far in but they also say i can drop you for the following reason s '' .
you do n't need a reason to divert from heterosexuality .
4 more weeks and i will putt the kettle on !
yes because everyone playing on console is a noob right guys ?
i hope i look that good ... at age 57
well the anal sex only lasted about two years and like i said he did everything right .
i really miss it but i 've only tried it with two people since then and it was not nearly as great .
i know my body stays tense down there all day every day and did so before trying anal i just did n't realize it might be odd til the dvd .
i really miss it so much of the way the internet worked back then .
i bet he 'll be pissed off to be waken up again
i knew someone who had an allergy to a brand/generic version .
i do n't even look at merc light armor bases with less than 1,000 def to start with .
not caring about how the people in your house feel .
i would come back from living at school and my mom would n't greet me she 'd just immediately give me a list of chores she needed done .
my first year at school i came home for winter break and the first thing she said was good you 're home i have a chore for you . ''
and then she told me about how i was going to be helping our contractor install our new countertops when she had had the last 3 months to do it .
because they do n't want to clean it off afterwards .
it 's the dharma of every sanatani to fight against the likes of you
well i 'm not american so i ca n't say much but i do think so mainly because where i live we do have gun control and there have been no recent incidents of shootings at least not after the troubles
also i feel i should note that i 'm super drunk and horny .
please try using a can of compressed air and direct the air towards the problematic switch .
this can help remove static and any debris between the switch and housing .
let us know if this will make any difference .
it is worth noting that she has since distanced herself from the primary challenge initiative which the article acknowledges and that she planned all along to focus on moderate incumbents in blue safe seats which the article omits .
but she 's not talking about primarying blue dogs in conservative counties . ''
congrats to everyone who has contributed to making this sub what it is .
it‘s probably more predictable but at least it changes dynamics regarding sound making it easier to notice and anticipate it .
same thing happened with untethered angel just my opinion .
when you expect the otherone to please your own needs .
when you need the otherone for your emotional balance and you have the feeling you cant live without him
oh boy i ca n't wait to see people reeing over magnificent italian feather helmets ...
personally i 'm thinking about setting up all of my axis soldiers as italians if i get the option .
i never said do n't get them a phone .
but if they want a luxury phone they can shell out for it .
and yeah i 'm probably being downvoted by all the kids whose parents would n't buy them an iphone x
probably will get lost in the comments but notice how all of the top picture are ones with such an amazing story behind it .
none of them are highly visually stimulating per say but it 's all about the context of the photo that makes them so great .
maybe i 'll reset it and hope for a 2nd necrovalley .
i'ce been playing since june 2014 and i do n't plan to stop anytime soon i find the game really enjoyable appealing and all around great .
ok the rune drop gets hard fighting in siege may be frustrating but still.. i enjoy my time here .
i am not talking about the time diletation i am talking about the 30 years for 6 light-years .
there are a bazillion people that have lived in ca and loved it .
it 's a beautiful state with lots to offer and it also has its downsides like every other state .
literally no way to know if you like it until you try it .
the fact you need to be asleep to believe it .
so would you say she 's better than mikoto for hms ?
it 's much harder for someone to change expertise in a commercially viable manner now than it was 100 years ago you need steamengine achievement unlocks when a good chunk of the people play offline so to speak .
i really love the vivarium electronics brand the ve 300x2 is what i use .
it 's convenient if you have more than one enclosure as it has two separate probes that are designed to regulate two different heat sources .
that one is rather pricy but they have other cheaper models too !
in my experience they are really accurate and they have lots of cool features like alarms and night temp drop capabilities .
clearly it 's a slutty knight who is wearing a pineapple-themed helmet .
they have to mute the entire sound track except for ankle bully and then they can get those animations
there are all kinds of sites online that cater to this specific fetish .
there 's no need to be creeping on innocent people on the internet .
was n't expecting that but life advice is always welcome thanks man
nothing comes to mind really but one time i bought a really nice hat at the mall .
went to get gas afterward and thought i 'll throw away some trash while my car was filling up .
got home and realized i threw away my brand new hat within about 10 min of buying it .
it seems like there are other uses of that money that would save more people 's lives .
logically should n't we push for those programs first ?
in terms of immigration nobody ran on any of those .
so if i have to chose wall vs nothing i 'll take wall .
if you have something more effective try running it in 2020 instead of muh pussy tapes '' and you 'll get my vote .
but as you point out we can do two things at a time .
if we want to do everything that saves lives we need to raise the budget .
we ca n't do that forever obviously so some line must be drawn where the most efficient programs are funded and less efficient ones are not .
there is nothing wrong with questioning the efficiency of the wall .
but again 1 efficient is better than the alternative proposal which is 0 efficient
so the question comes back to how much do we value a life ? ''
and how many lives will the wall save per year ? ''
i believe that given the alternative solution which again is nothing '' the wall has an infinite benefit .
i 'm skeptical that the wall is on the efficient side and trying to understand your perspective better as you presumably disagree .
interestingly and on a unrelated note my editor refuses to number your responses as 123
depends on what you 're looking for in ear buds
i do n't know why you got so many downvotes .
when a bootleg company is far ahead of yours .
yeah honestly i wish when they released 2007scape that they just left it as it was and never updated it but thats just my opinion .
all the new stuff just takes away from the nostalgia which is why i started playing in the first place
not castle who went into an interrogation room and in cold blood executes two avenger prisoners
we woke stalin up from his grave and he is gon na teach us all about communism
this is who gets kids christmas wish lists when they misspell santa .
ime in my experience '' if anyone was wondering .
your employer do you think vince would even remotely consider hawkins ryder or hell repo man to make big bills or main event shows ?
ik that he chooses but after the damage has been done unless they leave and come back it 's not believable and wo n't work .
this seems like a very level headed approach to this .
came for the murderino and stayed to say i drive like beth a lot and it 's bad lol
i like the idea of establishing dominance and people knowing their place in the relationship .
it 's difficult for me to submit to someone who i dominated ... they are type casted '' in my eyes and i have trouble getting in the right mindset .
that 's just me though ... you might have better luck .
so why did you talk about how bad clitoris removal is in your previous comment ?
you do n't have a clitoris following your logic you should n't have an opinion on that .
is it that you ca n't tell me whether fgm is wrong or that you do n't want to be backed up into the irrational corner you walked yourself into ?
he already did one on rice gum he wo n't do another .
i have corrected my wrongdoings i didnt even realize i missed the second e
i would get these intense feelings sometimes and this started to happen after i met her .
the whole energy thing within me changed after i met her it was quite significant tbh .
at first i thought those feelings were me and i was randomly feelings weird shit within me then i consulted my friend who 's a psychic and she tole me that those are not mine and they are hers .
i feel her all the time even when im not in communication with her .
i actually can feel the emotions and energies of people in general but hers i feel it all the time..
sasuke 's eyes were originally uncle itachi 's so it 's not quite as close of a blood relationship as brothers would be .
if it is the same for everyone where is the problem ?
does n't make any difference pvp wise as long as its the same for everyone .
yes it also means that it takes longer to get good runes to beat scenario or higher floors .
but again as long as its the same for everyone i dont understand why you are complaining .
btw sometimes i got 2-3 6 in 10 runs from b7 but there are also times where i do 100 rounds and get no 6 .
it 's the handle but if you 're right-handed it may not be all that bad if you ever intend to use it for carving .
the bend will bring your hand out away from the work piece kinda like a hewing ax .
if it 's strictly for wood processing i 'd see about getting it replaced .
i have the same hatchet and i use it for light wood processing and quite a bit of carving though i have n't noticed that particular flaw in mine .
the fact that they can brigade downvotes stats/analysts opinions/facts about him stuck in group in 7 international events in a row tell a lot about these kids
accounts with low karma are not allowed to post in r/realgirls .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to post here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose karma limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/realgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i said i would gild you and i do n't want to renege on my word !
i used to do a huge beehive sort of look and went into a tornado simulator and came out with my hairdo intact .
also used it on my deathhawk back in the day .
avoiding heat styling will help minimize damage just try to do regular deep conditioning if you back comb often .
so you take a paper journal down to barnes noble a couple times a week ?
also a key detail how many people who were there when it apparently happened changed .
that 's a one sided view because op is married to her father not just involved with him .
which means from daughter 's perspective maybe it 's not personal but from op 's perspective daughter is literally trying to destroy her personal life and hurt op emotionally .
how is it rational to prioritize the irrational teen 's view over op 's view or over whatever neutral middle ground view may exist ?
i 'm not suggesting anyone should break this horse but neither is continuing to allow her to rampage like this an option .
she 's old enough to be given the choice to show some civility or live somewhere else .
it 's hard for me because i 'm on the autism spectrum and my fingers are weak since it has affected my fine motor skills .
i 'm one of the few women who can never seem to be able to cum from a vibrator
has anyone confirmed if the shield attachment for the phenex works on the rg unicorn and de shields ?
i just call my only towel my ball towel .
the reference i think is that there was a teacher that there was a history teacher that went the full vox oopsie route when someone mentioned pewdiepie in class .
the 14 year old recorded it do n't have the link on me but it goes to show that for every stupid vox supporter kinda teacher there are plenty of cool teachers like the op 's that gets '' pewds ' stuff .
as someone who has spent a reasonable amount of time in the npd subs using an alt and has experienced similar things i can assure you that this is all entirely plausible .
even if it 's not hazardous to your health the accumulation of dust and debris will decrease the performance efficiency of your ventilation system .
they had some kind of zerg hive thing going on on their homeworld in the andalite chronicles .
probably the most on target pass i 've seen in the a-league .
your block needs to be in the same direction as the attack .
it 's just a tad bit smaller than the parry window .
call centers often have retention '' departments whose sole responsibility is to keep you on with as little incentive from them as possible .
sometimes i 'll ask how many pitches i need to reject before they stop trying to sell me shit i do n't want .
which at the very least conveys to them that i 'm hip to the scam .
often at that point they 'll drop the act get through their script as quickly as possible then finally help me with my issue .
some days though i just ask for the supervisor right away .
of course they have little additional power or information but if i 'm wasting someones time out of principle because they 're wasting my time i wan na waste the time of the person there with the highest hourly rate !
that would be an interesting story if it was revealed to be the case mandy 's just trying to help her friend out .
i have the internet channel and do n't recall ever paying for it
if you are familiar with the lamy cp1 fp and ballpoint it 's about the same diameter .
he does look like a pink does n't he .
the pattern said to chain loop but i did n't like them .
and the onion-garlic continuum does n't even make sense .
he also says shallots are more intense than onions which is n't true .
nothing like a little food poisoning to get you up an moving !
whom to start and which order on bench for doherty digne kamara have mitrovic as well and peltier ?
remember what gandalf said he is a moss-gatherer and i have been a stone .
and besides i have just been on tour with the hobbeatles and that was well ...
how do you think warframe is one of the most played games ?
change the title from 2 to 3 https www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/78wn2r/my_buddy_dressed_up_as_eleven_in_honor_of .
i hope youve realized tulpamancers are really moral people lol .
they will always hate you if its bad for the tulpa dont let that stop you tho .
please ignore this message if it does not apply to you .
check out r/nba2kteamup our subreddit dedicated to park and pro-am teammate finding !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nba2k if you have any questions or concerns .
caitlyn 's attack range is 650 75 more than the plants from the q and 250 more than the plants from the e
a 8 foot tall bugbear who 's fur is a brownie orange wears a long hooded robe over his leather armor around his neck he has the tooth of his brother gald to remind him of a friend long gone gold caries a chipped and bloodstained short sword due to her prefered method of brutality hacking away at his targets until they stop moving or fall apart he has only a single small tusk instead of the two bugbear normal have his eye are a mute gray colour
i think the idea of cutting negative people out of your life is misinterpreted to be anyone who is negative at all rather than genuinely toxic people who make you feel shitty .
if people are willing to cut you out because you 're depressed and need someone to talk to they do n't really seem like a real friend .
and when they need someone to talk to they 'll have no one .
i think talking to family is best because they always love you .
your family members wo n't think they need to cut you out because they ca n't have negative people in their lives or at least they should n't .
theres no core hero that doesnt get run over by centaur+grimstroke if you send rubick with him
my virgin detector gone max and got broke when i scanned you on it .
lol it is n't such a bad thing to sell my soul !
plz can you ask her what i do if i want haist .
alduin was unmoored from time and ended up in the future from where he was .
he was not sent not in the traditional way .
double check that the corsair is not being disabled at start up .
remove the software completely and see if the audio improves .
it 's possible that the program is crashing while your utilizing the sound configs .
uses windows media as the alternative for troubleshooting and see if it 's the same still .
i mean ... do people still use outlook and thunderbird ?
remember friends family/gift payments venmo gift cards and cryptocurrency are non-refundable and offer no buyer protection .
if as a buyer you choose to pay through the friends and family '' option or agree to send gift cards venmo or cryptocurrency as payment please understand that you will not be able to open a claim should something go wrong in the transaction .
title usa-sc h bose qc35 limited edition w paypal or airpods plus paypal
hope this is ok to post as they were purchased at an apple store !
looking for 240 or airpods plus some cash on top .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/appleswap if you have any questions or concerns .
haha did you hear that guys it 's not scanning so it must be free aha .
listen here you annoying little fuck i hear that joke atleast 5 times a day and my patience is running fucking thin with the idiots like you who come in and say it .
it did n't scan so i 'll do my price check and then make it double whatever it 's supposed to be just because you 're an annoying little prick have a terrible day you unoriginal fuck .
mirrorwing dragon kinda replicates that effect if that helps .
how you 're at 250 streak and do n't already know the answer to that is incredible .
if she wants to actually meet up with you she certainly knows how to get ahold of you .
sounds like they just did n't feel like working that day .
if you do n't hear any reply i 'd suggest continually copying and pasting the same complaint every fucking day until you hear back from it .
that kind of shit is totally unnecessary and you should not put up with that horse shit !
normally i would say live and let live but they seemed to have gone entirely out of their way not to do their fucking jobs .
i will be messaging you on 2019-01-13 10:59:55 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2019-01-13 10:59:55 utc to local time to remind you of this link .
click this link http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/summonerswar/comments/af5s4h/woosa_is_about_to_learn_a_valuable_lesson_on_ss 0a 0aremindme !
1 day to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit browser extensions https np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions
taking a calculated punt on son based on how poch usually sets up against big teams especially united
and here 's the part where i tell you that everything before the swamp is easily skippable .
thing is with my captain i 'm expecting at least double figures after doubled .
and hazard is a risk since chelsea are struggling to score right now and morata could play up top too ill probably play safe and go salah but ! thanks for ur help
i feel like there was a point to why some heroes were better at killing minions than others .
just why like some heroes get more renown for different roles .
it was n't a problem it was a feature .
why did you come up when i sorted by hot ?
been there cuts on the lady parts are not fun .
just be sure to disinfect the area definitely do n't want any sort of infection down there .
yo u/eric_garcetti you just gon na take that son ?
edit no for real we 'd like some answers about this .
when has there even been an attempt on a president 's life ?
well gee there was that time one literally was shot in the head while riding in a convertible
a better question would be how fucking stupid are you ? ''
if you use the quakegvr source port instead it has support for iqm
iqm is a modern model format supported by a lot of source ports
regarding existing models i 've listed a few of the more well known packs below
rouhis ' models this is the highest quality remake available
plague 's pak older and not as faithful but very popular remakes
faithful weapon rework by dwere remake of the original models
been away for a few days why is there a 92 bale coming and why ?
c'mon if you 're going to rip off photonicinduction without a credit the least you can do is get the description right .
yeah pussy for not wanting to get beat up by a black thug 😁
you can search the plot for 1 2 and 3 is remastered on ps4 you could pick that up then get the new god of war .
or you could just google the plot for 1,2 3 either way it works but god of war 3 is actually a pretty good game .
maybe starts on bench and comes in last 20-30 min this game week and starts next .
when you were studying the blade i made meta memes .
your blade can cut down memes but what about memes about memes about memes .
i can pump those out all day like they 're nothing .
come and let us engage in combat of epic proportions .
detta menar jag talar för att forna kolonier inte är dömda till evighet i fattigdom och krig en hopplöshet jag uppfattar att du argumenterar för .
there is one more ally who can help us and that 's the gamers
i 'd say you 're a pussy for being so insecure you 'd post on reddit to ask if tapping out is a pussy move
i 'm now worried lol been smoking joints for years literally ordered a dry herb vaporizer the other day but it set me back £70 so i hope it fucking gets me high hahaha
being prestige 4 is a christmas noob with the knowledge of a prestige 0 .
ofc it 's to protect the image of those who are legally monarchy in this country .
meanwhile atla got taken off finnish netflix for no reason
the bacteria irritate the nerves in the throat which makes cough reflex hyperstimulated for a long time even after they are gone .
see this is why you really asked for a source .
it 's basically your way of saying your argument has no merit and i will not believe it no matter what '' .
it 's kinda like when someone asks you to list examples .
they just do n't like what you 're saying .
poor phrasing he meant in wm he faces off against people with 1500 hrs and in competetive he faces off against people with 40 hrs
no it uses a lithium battery which is standard for phones .
lead acid batteries are large high-output batteries that are usually only found in cars and first robots .
since the old testament foreshadows jesus christ and the new testament is sharply focused on jesus christ he is the sole means of redemption and salvation it makes good sense to start reading the bible with any of the four gospels .
i would recommend beginning with the gospel of john .
also as for translations i would recommend the new living translation nlt for someone new to the bible .
they bill themselves as south american and spanish influenced food .
i always tell the pax to add the stop if they have n't already .
i need to justify the waiting time and drop off at the spot of origin .
had a pax last week wanted to do round trip to liquor store .
no problem but he did n't want to add the stop .
got another call in queue on the way to the liquor store advised him i 'd have to drop him off there because i had another passenger to get .
liquor store was not in a very good neighborhood .
friday guy who always uses uber could n't get uber to send a car .
on the way he wanted to stop at bk .
advised him that he needed to add a stop he did n't want to .
5pm on a friday bk driver thru looking at a 20 minute wait .
nobody really cares why do n't you just visit your loved ones and tell them
i do n't know anything about it but it 's 100 more hype
yeah i thought there was no way i actually heard him say that
i know that feelin man when a subreddit has unregulated amount of posts and users this stuff is bound to happen .
closest you 're going to find as light armor legs is t1 or t2 cultural and the tribal chestpiece from pvp/wvw legacy reward track .
primitive set from karma vendors may also have some useful pieces .
dude people do n't get banned for sitting in god mode spots you will not get banned for this lol .
people have n't got banned on zombies for quite some time for doing glitches if they ever did .
that 's their niche though it might be helpful to plant your lawn with grasses native to peru to make sure they 're getting all their food things right .
i ca n't seem to get a good mix of not sticky enough and too sticky
i 'm going to become a cna next month and i plan to enter the medical field in college .
i 've already started looking at scholarships/financial aid to help pay for college
your protein and fat macro should look pretty similar or with one slightly higher
throwing in your numbers and some guesswork into the ankerl https keto-calculator.ankerl.com calculator you get
a reasonable 20 deficit in calories is 111g of fat .
that 's the kind of ratios you should be getting when you use these calculators .
getting close to a 1g:1g ratio between protein and fat makes it easy to actually eat without going over on anything and also works really really well for satiety .
then everybody would be required by law to kill themselves .
had yao guai there not as numerous as the ghouls but they just seemed to keep spawning in front of the cabins .
but like i said earlier i ca n't choose the rules every time .
at the time several other young girls in the area would get phone calls where a man would give various excuses sometimes friend sometimes co-worker but always asking the child if he could meet them and pick out a gift for their mom .
one family made a police report before amy was murdered .
anyway iirc children targeted were tied to the science center and to the stables where amy rode horses .
amy told a friend that she would be meeting a man that day to help pick up a present for her mother .
they discuss looking into anyone her mother may have known but there were no links found .
it really seems that children were being targeted in the area and amy is the only one who took the bait .
those episodes give a deeper look into her mother as well as her father .
the police also reference the phone call which really happened .
the brother called and just as the mother was leaving to head home the phone call from amy came in and amy seemed fine .
as soon as they hung up though it clicked to her mom that something was n't right so she headed home .
renner also appears and he talks a lot about the suspect he has had contact with .
and my fave episode is and he 's given me my p45 ... '' but they 've taken it offline presumably because they rip into keys and gray so much
i know that but i have n't seen the characters used anywhere else .
my first gas mask was also a mc-1 but in that shitty soviet grey color ...
literally just watched the whole thing ... and now its 2:35 am .
thanks i love that you are still able to upgrade the ram and ssd easily unlike on the newer machines where its all soldered to the board .
there 's seven but my bad ill change it .
also nightmare tenants slum landlords on netflix similar theme but focused on properties
i love nagatoro cosplay there 's not enough of it out there .
swiping just takes me to the next or previous photo or takes me to the clock from the left edge .
i 'm inclined to believe its not saturn if only because saturn or cronus pick your poison never tore his children limb from limb .
he swallowed them whole which is how they were saved in the end they were just hanging out in his weird deity stomach .
that 's also how his wife could fool him with the stone so she did n't have to give up zeus .
first build was a full atx and i got sick of lugging it around for cleaning when i had a particularly large download had to move it to same room as modem and router .
so i decided to build an mitx build this time .
well i built it 2 days before my 1080ti arrived .
so i posted with my old hd7950 everything is a-o-k .
so i put in everything minus gpu ... some of you know how this is going manage the cables as best as i could hard as fuck let me tell ya and plug in power .
flip the switch annnnnd nothing on screen ... . fokin wot .
i lookup the error code beeps for the mobo in the manual ...
varying responses since the mobo was pretty new and not many have used them yet at the time .
well guess i 'm just gunna inspector gadget this shit .
i try three more times before i basically go into panic mode .
got ta take out the ram an re-seat it .
redo power connections in case they are too loose .
carefully take out the mobo which means wires are undone take out the heatsink and put in thermal paste .
since i was in panic mode i put a bit too much thermal paste .
i thought it was okay until i sat the heatsink and saw some thermal paste was leaking off the sides ... fuck .
take out heatsink and in my state of panic take out cpu to clean the mobo where paste hit ... and because i did n't clean my cpu first ...
i basically wan na hang myself at this point .
grab a toothpick and get to work carefully scraping thermal paste away from the socket holes takes me 3 hours probably would have been fine at an hour but i wanted to be thorough .
after cleaning i sit down and relax for a bit because i need the damn break .
after a small break i redo everything and power up everything up ... . and nothing .
i 've basically given up hope and hop on my old rig to play some games and just get my mind off things and relax because i was absolutely defeated .
after my i set my mind at ease and almost came to terms with my computers fate i look online one more time .
i dig deep and find a thread with where someone is having trouble posting their 1700 rig which was completely different from mine .
i come to find out ... these cpus do n't have any onboard video you need a gpu in order to post ... all that headache and worry because i never plugged in a gpu the second time ... fuck .
so i plug in gpu and surely enough it works just fine .
i was too happy to be upset at my idiocy .
the problem with surgeon career is that there are no party points
moved here 6 years ago and now every year around this time of year i start to question my life choices haha then around may i remember how much i love it here !
that 's very nice to know big-black-dildo thanks for the input .
i 'd go for gray as it 's neutral but is n't as dark as black .
i absolutely love this spread and wish i could draw gems !
i really should have got the manager but i was pretty new to serving and did n't want to cause trouble .
my bf is the most layed back person i 've ever met and is n't one to lose his head .
i told him about it after the other group left and they said that the frat boys kept giving them dirty looks but they could n't figure out why because they were n't listening to the conversation .
please do n't be insecure d i love your boobs and clearly lots of others do too !
the teeth thing comes from the fact that the dope dries your mouth out worse than you can imagine
confirmation that accepting a blowjob from a meth head will be as fun as humping a sandbag with the shakes .
i often take her instead of ayaka so much versatility !
can chain with tornado be a great healer makes esper summons very easy aoe reraise ... !
nothing is holding me down when i do nothing .
when i do nothing i have a flow experience and all the strength and meaning i need .
you 're like a high school guidance counselor just parroting off talking points you do n't even understand or live by .
i bet when i do nothing i am doing more than when you do something .
do you think monks are held down when they 're doing a bunch of nothing ?
there seems to be no way to add a subreddit name to that report .
i think that was probably the only episode that got me crying .
i never cried at the adhd stories my dead father i grew up poor and i grew up poor in croatia stories .
india surprisingly handles well with their population massive amount of mixed cultures and religions .
i 've always had my parents tell me unless your contract says you have to be available 24/7 they can go fuck themselves .
if anyone complains you were n't reachable by phone or whatever over the weekend you politely point out that your contract does not require you to be always available and any time you have off work is your time for yourself .
of course if they want you available out of hours you can offer to renegotiate your contract .
for extra pay and a dedicated company phone of course .
i 'm not taking work calls on my personal phone and i 'm not effectively working 24/7 for the same pay .
side note i am from the u.k. our employment rights are fairly decent .
not sure how well this would go down in the us
customs here in italy do n't even bother checking if you already paid for something missing ...
it already takes almost 2weeks for an item to leave customs if they checked every single case of wrong shipping and stuff like that we 'd never receive anything lol .
that 's why ordering from europe is miles better because even if it costs a little more it for sure gets delivered faster
please read the article understanding why uber loses money '' https news.crunchbase.com/news/understanding-uber-loses-money
the article 's summary is this in english the money that uber collects from fares is n't enough to pay for its revenue and operating costs therefore uber loses money each quarter . ''
if uber charged people the true cost of providing their service enough to make a profit i contend they would cost just as much or more than buses/trains .
also replacing buses and trains with individuals cars transporting 1 or 2 people increases the number of vehicles on the road and thus increases traffic congestion .
i do n't know why kevaughn was n't when he had 18 points
i swear people would rather die in a crash than to let someone merge in front of them .
your post has been removed as it does not meet the requirements of containing text in the body .
please consider adding some information about yourself so people have something to talk about when they reply to you
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
information has to get from point a to point b somehow and streaming is the best way .
the only change is the speeds/capacities of streaming will improve .
what will change is the type of media being streamed such as more vr content and the devices that play the stream such as devices that feed directly into the brain which might be sooner than we think .
it seems that people like myself are becoming more and more of a scarcity .
my family has been in the houston area since the 1880 's and in texas since before she was a state .
maybe not as important '' as what you might be looking for but patriarch bartholomew regularly takes audiences of orthodox pilgrims and speaks with them .
my friend was in a group which met with him .
she was pregnant at the time and he blessed her belly .
dang our defense is crazy sitting nice in the top 10 three point defenses and its really showing these last couple of games even though we threw away the vt game
this submission has been removed as you had not included an elaboration which violates rule 6 elaborate .
if you wish to resubmit the post make sure you include an elaboration/explanation to your post that is at least a couple sentences 180 characters to be precise .
if you have not read the rules please do .
reddit 's character count is unreliable as they count spaces whereas i 'm programmed to not count spaces and there 's nothing the mod team can do about it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
if the definition is semantics to you you do you
you are likely overtighening the section under baby 's bum .
focus on tightening the very bottom rail and the top few inches and make only minor adjustments to the middle section .
evil incarnate-in a public match kill all 4 survivors with the tier 3 evil within .
i was stationary for community day and just kept my gotcha running .
so.. 5 per hour within reach of where i was .
do n't listen to anyone saying okc wo n't .
collison is the first but both russ and kd will end up with retired jerseys .
in order to reduce the amount of excessive/redundant questions posted questions that are deemed to have a projection of low participation and/or have easily obtainable answers will be removed .
please use the search https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitecompetitive/search ? q restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all before posting about something .
topics that become excessive and or redundant due to being posted with an abnormal frequency are subject to removal .
if a new development occurs or there is substantial discussion to be had then it may warrant its own post .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitecompetitive/wiki/rules if you have any queries about this you can contact us via moderator mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnitecompetitive .
why would n't it make sense you could either rotate it forwards facing up or backwards facing down the only two you need
you might be great at your job and you might be very serious but if your organization repeatedly fails at providing its only function while costing taxpayers a significant expense and simultaneously inconveniences thousands while invading their privacy maybe we should rethink the existence of the organization .
so the comrade on the left is dead yes ?
i married a woman that didnt realize shes a total size queen .
it takes some work to get it in sometimes but it fucking melts.her.brain .
before me she could only get off on top and i 've given her orgasms in every position you can think of .
i 'm very lucky in this regard and doubt i 'd find another woman like her thatd as hot as she is .
this is so sad john williams play duel of the fates
the further north one goes the fewer jobs there are .
i will remember that u/spiderpikachu lent 60.00 to u/hypiand !
https redditloans.com/api/loans.php ? format=3 id=33557 modify=1 modify_reason=refunded 20api set_deleted=1 set_deleted_reason=refunded 20api
this does not verify that u/spiderpikachu actually lent anything to u/hypiand u/hypiand should confirm here or nearby that the money was sent
what do you think i ai n't got the minerals ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i usually save picks for punk rock simple basslines like better than ezra 's good '' when the bassline is too fast for fingers or when i feel the song needs the certain sound that picks give .
i have three different magic systems some have abstract limits and others have defined clauses .
users cannibalize and use devoured organic material to augment their body through permanent or manifested mutations .
augmentations and reality-warping powers are expressed in a unique melody that may or may not be audible .
ravenous-eater clause heretics who utilize permanent mutations will become increasingly animalistic reverting to primal beings of lust .
this is often seen in ravenous eaters a sub-category of heretics in which their desire to feed becomes greater than all other human desires .
you 'll see full-body mutations but luckily such an affliction usually prevents the heretic from further developing its melody stunting its growth .
advantages fully-body mutation ability to regenerate most of its body disadvantage predictability stunted growth .
affliction of a corrupted melody the cannibals among cannibals heretics that feed on other heretics develop melodies that allow a clause of reality to be bent .
this can not be turned off only suppressed to some extent .
heretics can and will kill themselves by forgetting their clause .
example a heretic lost her original identity through a power that allowed her to adopt the features and memories of those she devoured .
over-stimulation and blooming powerful heretics will emit an audible and often maddening melody when in an excited state .
most common among corrupted melodies an unknown clause lies in those who emit music .
if one becomes a ravenous-eater in this state due to over-stimulation their mutation does not stop at their defined state .
it is predicted that this clause has to do with a heretic 's links to a human world .
take these away and the heretic loses all connection with what it means to be human .
heat-based energy emission and body enhancement based on predetermined genetic factors .
emotional crutches casters rely on an emotional crutch as a conscious switch to release energy .
happiness sadness hope desire anger terror any emotion you can think of and there is probably a caster that relies on it although some are more popular .
the longer the caster stays in this state of focus the less he can discern this state as a predetermined switch .
the most powerful casters battle-casters those which are always enhanced and emitting will be devoid of any emotion other than their crutch .
added note a crutch can also be tied to an event young casters will be abused or manipulated to manufacture a crutch .
physical limitations casters are inbred to an extreme so they lack the proper biological channels to cast safely .
they use manufactured braces that restrict their dominate arms casting arms .
this brace seizes up with the flow of energy correcting the caster 's arm to prevent channeled energy from pooling .
take a wrong position or try to cast from the hip and the brace will snap your arm with ease .
on another note casters are only resistant to their heat and force they emit .
cast at a close range and you 'll be hit with your heat and force .
heat tolerance 80 of all casters will kill themselves through misuse and overuse of their enhancing and emission abilities .
they are only resistant to heat but the line that tells them what they can and ca n't handle is a one-way street that is easy to enter and hard to see .
if they go over their built tolerance by a few degrees their bodies will boil combust or explode this is referred to as skin boiling .
magical artifacts with defined uses that inflict a clause and punishment on users .
sight sickness punishment aspect first studied in supernatural creatures .
when a human experiences the unnatural reality corrects itself by inflicting punishment on the witness .
augmenting artifacts will cause the user to lose touch with humanity .
manifestation artifacts will cause the user to lose touch with reality .
none of these are set in stone and the punishment can get extremely specific to the point where artifacts may be freely used because the user has already lost the punishment 's source and differ among every single artifact .
these things get extremely complicated and are expressed better in-text where clever exploitation is easier .
added note punishments can be things like lost memories lost emotions and lost senses even really weird things like lost sense of time and lost sense of individuality .
individuals will have certain ways to use artifacts as none of them have an interface definable tool-use or on '' button .
find a way to exploit the tool 's uses that feels natural and the effects of the sight-sickness will be less break this clause and you 'll take on its full effects .
example a manipulation user controls 12 chains through the direction of his fingers and hands the movement feels natural and he can tie his movement with the movement of the chains .
when he accepts or realizes that it is not his movements that are making to the chain move but rather his imposed will he will be able to move the chains without movement of his hands but he will take on the full effects of knowing that he did so .
hipsters my man just like how cassettes are making a comeback https www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2019/01/03/boomtime-cassettes-50000-music-tapes-sold-last-year-retro-revival despite being infinitely inferior to more readily available digital formats today .
but seriously i know what you 're saying it does n't exactly square with the futuristic aesthetic who is to say the jar of pickles was n't replicated anyway .
it was a heartfelt call back to a shared reference between 2 characters .
it might be like someone buying a really nice fountain pen as a gift for someone today even though that person has n't handwritten a letter in 20 years .
i do think artisan and traditional food preparations would remain in the future though .
kind of like on star trek deep space nine where captain sisko 's father took pride in the fact his restaurant in new orleans did n't use any replicated food and that he put jake or benjamin to work scrubbing fresh clams http memory-alpha.wikia.com/wiki/clam when they visited .
one of the best history classes i 've had involved a lot of debate over what if '' questions .
a lot of the students used the things they knew about the historical context to make a case for it professor would offer counterarguments and tell what actually happened
the usual nail dps build rips him apart for me at least
whatever 2 charm you like sharp shadow for long dashes more iframes dash master for more dashes or some soul one
just jump at him and spam that attack button he goes down quite quick imo
i 'm not an expert and am not really basing this on much but would n't it be much harder to cool 100 tiny containers of sperm rather than cool one big container with 100 tiny containers inside of it ?
only if you are a major donor to the gop .
i played multiplayer religiously until they added zero i 'll probably never touch it again as long as she 's around .
sonic was my main in s4 but i main yoshi in ultimate
i love this thing but i 'm in this one only about 3000 usd
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
an actual good edit that does n't just rely on loud sound effects respect
i 'm not positive as to how effective liquid bandage/second skin etc will be for that type of ailment but i would definitely tape over anything you 're putting any type of band aid .
when i use liquid bandaid it 's really only for cuts and scraps from people who do n't cut their fingernails .
i seem to get them behind an ear from people who dig into collar ties .
no problem i checked the site by chance and saw the deal so i thought i should post it .
only thing i dislike are some of their t-shirts i do n't think they 're really worth 25 .
there 's a glitch in the latest update that makes your lot invisible if it 's rotated a certain way .
he is lazy just choose not to be lazy there
haha now that is the post i want to read !
it went pretty well considering the environment there wasnt too strict .
same dog once pissed on my girlfriend 's foot because i made him get away from her .
i ca n't help unless i understand what he 's attacking
i think most of us wanted a closer game even if we lost we wanted something closer .
i 'm gon na have to say though the defense performed as advertised .
this was year supposed to be a rebuild year and we still went toe to toe with playoff teams with a young roster .
you could have picked a better candidate for that comparison
if you think that this post belongs in r/goodfaketexts please upvote this comment .
if you think that this post belongs more so in r/badfaketexts please downvote this comment .
if this post is spam report it so the moderators can handle it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/goodfaketexts if you have any questions or concerns .
is that what you keep doing to the bag with your groin ?
you know that 's not what you are supposed to hit it with right ?
what single question would you askreddit to get the most internet karma ?
what i 'm saying is that it 's unfortunate a team game is actually a single player game with other players around you that 's all .
not weird for the people who have to live with gypsies and seen how they behave first hand .
i will never forget in my hometown during 2007-2009 they built brand new aparment buildings for the gypsies .
they tore down the windows doors brand new btw and burned them.they start fires inside the apartments.they brought theyre horses inside the aparments.have you ever seen a horse watching you from a 3rd story block window ? ?
this is a conspiracy not many believe but i would not be surprised if it turned out that the tabloid newspapers in the uk made up the royals killed diana '' conspiracy to hide the fact that paparazzi photographers were the ones who caused the crash and prevented emergency services from getting to diana which actually caused her death .
celebrity news from the paparazzi is big business especially for tabloids like the sun express mail and a lot of other publications .
diana was beloved in her time and when she died there was a massive outpouring of grief for her especially in the uk .
i still remember laying flowers at the gates of holyrood palace .
after all they were the reason the car was going so fast .
the first people at the scene were paparazzi photographers .
when the emergency services did arrive they obstructed them and prevented them from getting diana out the car .
the idea that the paparazzi killed diana would 've placed a lot of backlash on the paparazzi and the tabloid press possibly seeing a levenson style situation where we hear a lot of fucked up shit about the press killing the celebrity news industry .
so they made a conspiracy about mi5 killing diana at the behest of prince phillip and they had the perfect conduit for their conspiracy a grieving father who wanted any answer he could cling to .
if they acted quickly and did n't obstruct the emergency services i believe diana may have survived .
a few people on this sub have grabbed lutch khl jerseys so it is probably worth it to check some old posts and see what others have said about sizing and look for some pictures .
i ca n't believe kobe continues to be disrespected by the media and on reddit at every turn !
op is basically asking if prime james harden is better than a top 10 all time player .
you should n't even be thinking of cars like that .
twitter used to joke about it ironically but its turned into a completely justifiable behaviour when given the social backing and the incentive of going viral .
it 's truly toxic especially when you have people start exercising the idea that im going to do this totally unethical and inconsiderate thing because its my right and i 'm soooo over it lol im such a petty bitch but whatevs 💁🏻‍♀️ 💅🏻
additionally the habit of gossiping has become so integrated into modern society .
spilling tea and snatching wigs is just youth jargon for being gossipmongers and casting judgement on others even strangers .
it comes from the eighties when the people would put blond tips in their hair but people would screw up the bleach
slice of life manga is good for the proper japanese some shoujo beat look for something popular one piece naruto bleach hikaru no go something that is aimed towards teenage boys but uses everyday japanese some manga will have words that you are not going to need to know outside of the manga so skip these words write down important vocab words that you find .
haha it sure is a great idea to let people go on without pay so they can lose jobs and their life gets ruined while i sit here and complain about a wall that really wo n't help anything and who 's nuclear launch button is bigger !
corbyn and mcdonnell 's attendance of ira commemorations invitation of convicted ira bombers to parliament when not in an official office weeks after the attempted murder of the prime minister and praise of ira tactics of violence and intimidation are factually documented .
the fact you think that those things do n't matter does not make them a smear they are facts .
i am able to hold my own opinion of those actions as are you .
! i got around that specifically by adding a forcefield around the altar .
wanted to avoid cheesing unless it was really good .
yours is definitely awesome but i 'm proud of ma boahs
i hope so i 've gotten quite a few people into dmc over the past few months and it would be great to just style with them
i mean it 's quite old but all the same .
i saw someone post about this on another columbine forum so i 'm willing to bet that you 're not just misremembering it ... there 's definitely footage out there that has been lost eg that clip of dylan in a parking lot
says every noob console that played wireless vs a wired pc player
i do n't have xo1 legs but do you want a max lvl jetpack for xo1 already built i can add caps on top if needed
i 'm almost 18 and i know how to use a rotary phone .
pets are special even if they 're not 'yours ' .
and yet u got it on your 358th kill omegalul
i need your help in less than a week my channel may be gone .
a company called 'believe music ' has been manually claiming my videos claiming they own my audio and visuals too so far they have put claims on nuvole bianche fly and beethoven 's moonlight sonata the latter dispute i have won .
if i do n't remove my copyright disputes and let them take all of my revenue the claims should be revenue sharing the videos will be deleted and i will have 2 copyright strikes on my channel meaning i may not be able to upload any new videos .
after that the only way to get my videos back would be to take them to court which as an independent musician i ca n't afford and if they decide to strike another video my channel will be deleted .
you are such an amazing community and i will keep you all up to date in the next few days i 'm so grateful for the support you 've all given me over the last 9 months now is the time i need it most .
in the comments of this post are links to my twitter instagram and reddit posts please help share this around if we make enough noise together we can help fix this problem on youtube .
i 'm sure he passed away happily haven shaken a terrible habit and turning his life around .
will it have any effect on the graphics card though ?
been there i was disappointed each one of the five times ... granted she helped me clear trials but i still hate both dark finas got 9-10 of them ...
especially since break pads are simple to replace and cost like what 50 ?
hi i just wanted to make it clear that even if you do n't have endo you will always be welcome on this subreddit and i hope you will continue to be part of the community and find it useful as you share the experience of endo patients even if it does turn out in the end that you do n't actually have endo .
we slavs knew this for years but kept it secret so westerns would n't claim it as their idea
it goes up at a rate that is less than the interest rate you get in a hisa .
it 's not smart to pay it off unless you 're paying it all off to avoid the interest hit at the end of the financial year .
any money you put into hecs would 've earned you more in interest in a savings account than it cost in interest .
thank you about that info i did n't know that .
however it was pretty common to political prisoners to get suicided '' in those times .
particularly he was hanged with the belt of his suit which was impossible since prison uniforms did n't have belts and shoelaces .
plus he was a jewish and according to tradition he should be buried separated .
the rabin after examining the body ruled out that version .
in 1978 the government was found guilty of his death although nothing happened at the time .
as a reminder this subreddit is for sharing views and experiences about kuwait .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech and other incivility violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kuwait if you have any questions or concerns .
ddg-verizon is well marketed as privacy focused and this has fooled a lot of people but ddg is actually just another centralized privacy abuser https www.reddit.com/r/privacy/comments/4vgqrn/duckduckgo_illusion_of_privacy/d5y8tdw .
people with better awareness use a searx instance https github.com/asciimoo/searx/wiki/searx-instances .
it does n't send people to privacy-abusing cloudflare sites as much and some of the instances have a proxy/cached page feature so you can easily see the cloudflared sites without giving cloudflare your ip address .
the schism '' became theologically important only after the political cultural and doctrinal differences became unworkable .
it looks like the content to transcribe has been removed so i removed the post on our side .
my cat woke me up 7 minutes before my alarm clock was set to go off .
everyone has a right to an opinion but that does n't make every opinion right .
it 's detrimental for everybody when feelings are given the same weight as facts in an argument .
you are just removing the terrible washed out look the base game has .
but i think even then it was n't common knowledge in the sense of what common knowledge means today due to social media/the internet .
maybe because they still in highschool but who know momo might already done it with rito while he sleep xd
am i the only person who seems to work somewhere where everyone is generally nice these days ?
usually i just send an email saying i do n't feel too well and they just tell me to get better soon and that 's it providing i 'm not clearly abusing the system .
i have mad respect for healers since it can require some crazy multi-tasking something i absolutely suck at .
i liked 5 i 'm already subbed though like and sub here
15 wishes seems like it would break reality as you know it and take all the challenge out of life .
okay so you can fly have billions of dollars are basically perfect in every way are popular and literally all the challenge and accomplishment you were working towards has been gifted to you .
i feel like life would become terribly droll and repetitive within the first couple years .
with five wishes you can grow as a person and have those aces in the hole for when you come up against something you ca n't beat .
i think that if i had to choose five powers that would make life interesting without completely breaking '' the game they 'd be
not omnipotence but more the ability to remember everything you 've seen done experienced and the like .
2 total knowledge control of my body 's inner-workings like sensation sleep aging and fitness .
the upper-limits for physical performance would be something around a professional-athlete so no super-powers per se .
3 a personal aura that inspires honesty and good-faith with those i interact with .
they also tend to create arguments about nothing just because they feel salty about their own life .
when she is not upset or agrees with me it 's easy to discuss deep subjects .
as soon as she disagrees a little bit she gets super judgmental and attacks people 's character .
hmm a total of 5 to 6 gram equal to 6-7 of the hcl then lets say .
especially if you didnt drink enough water this sounds like a dangerous dose to me .
but there are many factors which influence it like your weight and height .
i just assume that you did not take anything else that could interact with phenibut. ?
if you are able to write on reddit i guess things could be way worse
the legal status of phenibut is very different in different nations ranges from 100 unregulated to being regulated in medical law
yeah lotw said he did n't expect a apology or anything since he did n't expect jackiefish to come to his defense in the first place .
but apparently lotw got himself black listed by ca for making comments about tw as a series and where it 's heading .
on a serious note recently i 'm into dos2 and since i never modded gta v with at least 200 hours into this game well i 'm having a blast .
over in the u.k. it 's swee'art or darlin ' .
smiling at a female shop assistant in the street is tantamount to revealing yourself to be a serial killer .
or at least that 's my understanding based on their reaction .
nice now i can finally see how the gif ends
the trade always made sense since the mets needed a rhb corner if/of with power .
it 's gambling on a player with a lot of latent power potential and solid flexibility while giving up some talent that is far from the majors .
although the mets gave up a little too much for a risky unproven player like davis because luis santana was a high floor prospect even while still young and ross adolph looked like a highly athletic and polished college bat with potential .
the astros also were really interested in scott manea .
imo the keon broxton trade was more questionable unless the mets find a way to move lagares .
dude for sure i 'll take anything i have ahl players right now i appreciate that !
i am actually at work what time tomorrow would work best for you ?
in his slump '' he was still providing top 15 value easily top 8 of you punted ast
it 's not og lucky '' ti i 'm highlighting about it just the they win millions u got nothing so stfu '' argument is fucking annoying .
it 's jesus kinda ranting against the leaders of the church of the time for being hypocrites and not practicing what they preach .
then jesus said to the crowds and to his disciples 2 the teachers of the law and the pharisees sit in moses ' seat .
3 so you must be careful to do everything they tell you .
but do not do what they do for they do not practice what they preach .
4 they tie up heavy cumbersome loads and put them on other people 's shoulders but they themselves are not willing to lift a finger to move them .
5 everything they do is done for people to see they make their phylacteries a wide and the tassels on their garments long 6 they love the place of honor at banquets and the most important seats in the synagogues 7 they love to be greeted with respect in the marketplaces and to be called ‘rabbi ' by others .
8 but you are not to be called ‘rabbi ' for you have one teacher and you are all brothers .
9 and do not call anyone on earth ‘father ' for you have one father and he is in heaven .
10 nor are you to be called instructors for you have one instructor the messiah.11 the greatest among you will be your servant.12 for those who exalt themselves will be humbled and those who humble themselves will be exalted .
he then goes on to talk give the seven woes where he calls them a brood of vipers which is an incredible insult tbh .
i built this bird feeder for my daughter for christmas .
although it 's been up for a few weeks we really have n't seen much activity ... until last night 's overnight snowfall and these guys showed up .
their lash princess mascara with the purple writing is my favorite although all the lash princess line is great .
i also love their make me brow gel and use it nearly every day on its own for a natural look that stays in place or over pencil for a lightly done look .
their pure nude highlight is one of my favorites especially now that i 'm moving to a more subtle preference in highlighters .
their eyeshadow can be hit and miss so i would recommend looking up reviews for each individual product but i have their metal shock liquid shadow in total eclipse and it 's nice .
that 's because you have a piece of unconventional knowledge a cursory understanding of programming basics .
not because the logistics chests work in an obvious manner just in a logical one .
on my ig explore page i had seen clips one of alyssa 's annie oakley and another of katya practicing for ruwu rolaskatox being shook .
i thought it seemed super entertaining and decided i had to watch it someday .
but then like a week later i was listening to greedy and all the comments were about valentina .
i was curious as to what the fuss was about so i went and found the lip sync was gagged that she did that because even without the context of the show i could tell that she did something wrong but bold af .
instead of waiting for someday i ended up starting it that night and well here i am lol
there is already a super hornet mark ii in sq42 .
it will replace the current one after sq42 launches .
it 's not easy to get laid on earth .
pretty novel move putting a character selection screen in a movie
alright so a core that looks like marth lukas and raven bonus unit would be good then ?
shame i ca n't use my faves but it 's alright .
for now i should probably be focusing on saving feathers for merges so i can really bring my team to light .
by the way what is your take on lukas ?
i find him cool and especially tanky since i 've given him ss4 and qr3 but his res seems to be a glaring problem and i read that dragons are huge in higher tiers .
would a berkuts with res refine be enough or should i look towards other units ?
i prefer infantry but i could always go for something else .
its the fact that we do n't have a backup center .
if he 's abusive you got ta leave that ... block him on everything
makes me wan na grow up just thinking about it
the only explanation i can give for egypt is that an intern made an error in excel .
the tag title match was tied for match of the night in my opinion .
nearly as good as it gets from start to finish a tag team wrestling clinic .
i liked the decision to put the titles on gibson and drake nxt uk needs to create some stars and moustache mountain have their names made in nxt already they did n't need it as much .
balor was a great surprise and really added some star power to the event .
was n't really familiar with dennis and mastiff but they put in a good showing i 'll wait to see more before i draw conclusions about them .
rhea has a very unique look and in ring style she 's quite the presence great future ahead of her for sure .
storm 's victory was definitely the most emotional moment of the night the crowd was really behind her and you could tell it meant a lot to her especially after the incident with the leaks and all of the talk there was about it .
i was really really happy for her when she won the match was very well worked to get you behind her as well .
it was n't phenomenal because of a couple of botches especially the top rope ones and a few moments of weird pacing but it was still a great match .
i feel like most of what went wrong was mostly on coffey he 's very good and gave it his all in this match i have tremendous respect for his performance but he is n't an elite level wrestler in my opinion .
the man who showed up afterwards though that 's as elite as it gets .
i 'm torn on the future of these two on one hand i want dunne 's reign to go on for as long as it can on the other i do n't want to see walter lose his first high profile match in nxt at all .
i guess i 'll be rooting for walter when they face off .
but i expect an absolute clinic even better than the one we got here with coffey .
awesome show will definitely be watching the product more frequently as i expected this show would make me do .
the article makes it sound as though we will no longer have bananas .
but really we will no longer have the cavendish banana which is indeed a shame but not the end of all bananas .
there are other options and we can still enjoy bananas and maybe this time learn to take better care of them .
and everyone will know yet nobodywill give a flying fuck .
the title is already pointless when alliance guilds who are world 300 get the achieve .
first it 's very common in nature for the female to be larger than the male .
if you 're looking for a strong man you 'd rather pick a 2m stick figure or a 1.75m buff dude ?
third what happened to feminism and not needing a big strong man to protect you ?
i would like to make it known that u/beakz_r posted this video https youtube.com/watch ? v=n8rgxbowctm on the pregame thread for this game .
confirmation for those care some even suggested it we are indeed looking at an aus game .
says on the back distributed by nintendo australia . ''
made from cheaper feeling plastic and the back behind the disc is hollow .
if you think this is relevant to this sub because it 's ronald mcdonald then everything related to mcdonald 's would be relevant to this sub ...
i 've been doing a lot of buying/trading on kijiji and it 's working well for me !
traded mario party for splatoon and bought mario rabbids new on there for 35 with all the dlc codes !
these are about the only battles where i really feel i get exceptional value from eagles and reavers .
using the eagles and reavers to rear charge late in the battle shatters morale on rats like nothing else until you can actually get dragons etc .
we should all get together and buy an island and tell the jns to fuck off !
no deal is what happens if the brexit negotiations fail .
it 's as much of an option for leaving the eu as homelessness is if you 're having trouble with your mortgage .
and we were told or threatened very clearly that would be implemented regardless of the consequences .
if they 've got a better option on how to leave in a way that 's less damaging i 'm sure we 're all willing to hear them out .
they 've got to hold their noses and push through with what they 've been tasked with and that 's leaving .
their primary duty is to act in the best interests of the country and allowing a no deal scenario to occur is very much the opposite of that .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
next time on ca n't pay we 'll take it away we see a debtor in denial .
now i think it 's a fine time for the nords to invade .
i saw a post a couple of days ago looking for hiking buddies .
you could search and try to find that post and go out with that group .
i 've also seen posts for board game groups .
i 'm not trying to be the search the subreddit lady .
i just thought i 'd pass along things i 've seen .
i 'm a middle-aged woman not your target demo so i ca n't be of more help .
i chose this response and somehow forgot he said that .
it was a parody of old action cop movies and part of it was them traveling back in time .
kinda but not really since only a tiny subset of mammals even get periods
did it go through an integrity test and all that ?
i was gon na ask if you 're like 14 and saw your flair .
never they cause clippping mate and mess up husk pathing mate/s
i 'm a marvel strike force player and am not into comic books or watching any of the movies .
i have seen the original superman movies with christopher reeves tim burton batman the first toby maguire spider-man and the batman movie with heath ledger .
i came across marvel strike force because my real life friends play it and what drew me to it were the slick graphics animations and music .
i then sought out other similar games and came across star wars galaxy of heroes and dc legends both games suffer in my very humble opinion from the same problems .
the graphic animations are very very boring the music is very boring and in dc legends case the matches seem as if they take forever .
i do enjoy playing the game but can only play a few minutes at a time because it really is a snooze fest .
what makes this even worse is that her work required her to be exposed to a lot of x-rays and she died due to cancer she died because of her work .
other members of her family have died of cancer and the incidence of gynaecological cancer is known to be disproportionately high among ashkenazi jews
many families have some history of cancer at least in the tumor stage because the older you are the more likely you are going to get it https zniup3zx6m0ydqfpv9y6sgtf-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/rf-age_rgb_web_v02_0.png .
so that first point does n't mean that much .
i will say however that the second point about ashkenazi jews is true but given what we know about x-rays and regular exposure see marie curie https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marie_curie death her age franklin was 37 when she died it 's like saying a man 's family history is the reason why he got lung cancer and not that fact that he smoked 3 packs a day .
to answer questions which might become popular therefore increasing my imaginary internet points if my comment also gains traction .
there are a couple of cards that jump out as either having very few other cards to synergise with or that will suffer from having no lands in the main deck danitha empty the warrens thopter spy network and glowspore shaman .
i think it needs a little more curation in terms of themes as well as curve balance .
having a shared library opens up an interesting new element to the game which can be a lot of fun to play with cards that manipulate the top of the library now affect all players so things like reclaim and memory lapse now have a whole new dimension .
a guaranteed land per turn in addition to your regular hand/draws is going to be kind of like drawing two cards per turn but where curving well is very relevant .
going this route i would expect x '' spells and efficient mana sinks to be more powerful than usual .
i 've previously built a cubelet which is a similar concept shared library once per their turn a card from their hand can be played face down as a rainbow land .
i found it to be a pretty good mana solution what about that method was n't working out for you ?
how many posts are you going to comment this same phrase to ?
as a ig user you have easy access to the tail .
i am amazed on behemoth how a tail can stay up for so long despite there being 3 cutters on a team and yet i can easily do it by myself with a lance in a single phase .
but no most ig users would rather vault around like idiots attacking no particular parts and be the worst group of players in all of world have the stats to back that up .
now if i can just get my paper bag flair all will be well .
as if anytime someone wants to debate it 's a bad thing .
there 's hoes out there i do n't take chances because first i know i 'm gon na get rejected second i know if i do n't get rejected they 're gon na find a new mans and third i just want an abstinence
wait but if the sun is banned we wo n't be able to post and laugh at the clickbaity headlines anymore
city everton and either spurs/burnley or chelsea/brighton will miss their scheduled game due to the carabao cup final .
any players from these teams will score 0 that week so there 's little point in having them .
i am a redditor being paid by a terrorist . ''
but when you do n't like something he 's talking about all of a sudden its fake news
i think our issues genuinely revolve around wages though .
we needed who we recruited in the summer to fill out the squad .
this window we have no more room for wage growth due to ffp and this is the reason i think emery is not so keen on ozil .
i think he looks at ozil 's wages and thinks theres two very good players waiting to be paid that money .
do n't fucking swear around kids you thoughtless cunt .
if i was the husband i would 've replied with no u 4 wild card
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3abayarea 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on rss feed for notifications .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3abayarea 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
note you must enable nsfw search results https i.imgur.com/a3i5xq2.jpg in your preferences https www.reddit.com/prefs on the web site for search to work in apps as well !
read this https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/comments/a12zza/metapsa_one_does_not_simply_ban_trolls 1 https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=1 and this !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
from an european perspective keurig is really shit coffee .
your better off buying your own old school brewing machine and putting ground beans in .
it 's way cheaper and i you can make it as strong as you 'd like .
it 's south of the racetrack where you unlock captain falcon .
yeah that 's why we got ta build a wall in the desert .
to stop heroin from slipping through with the massive numbers of legal goods coming in from mexico .
yes i know about patent trolls and their absurdly vague patents and tactics around abusing them .
amd does n't act like a patent troll so when i look the the op i have to wonder what mediatek did to violate amd 's patents because it 's unusual for amd to sue over patents .
based on previous experience it will be around 3.50 to ship card and case .
i can get 33 from gamestop at the moment .
well there is a tool called youtube-dl that downloads youtube videos .
the question was whether or not being bigger is generally seen as a positive or negative trait among a majority of animals or not .
the fact that the bigger male can generally kill the smaller male in the animal kingdom is a major part of this .
do n't be overly pedantic just for the sake of it .
i 'd also love something like this for the cappocoloseum 's ledges i wish that i could pull myself over them gunnasium style to surprise some sosigs
i think it 's cool the youth is using linux .
the youth ? the fuck have i become 😭😭 ?
conceived as space firefighters apparently but in the us they were marketed as miners and traders .
you 're the first person i have ever heard imply that being misinformed amounted to lying .
they got it not a big fan of the call still
what is the 3d perk on the pump and how much do you want ?
i live near manayunk and the ppa is patrolling constantly and giving tickets .
i had stopped watching around the end of 2013 but when i heard wrestlemania had passed by and that the streak was over that honestly kept me away for even longer than i probably already would have been .
i only got curious about watching again over 3 years later and kinda wished i had come back around 2016 as i hear a lot of good shit about that year specifically for smackdown .
speaking of sweater dresses our brief talk made me want to look into getting one .
you could buy a sky blue for 22 keys right now lol
yes but the yankee grays have been around forever they may not be super interesting but they 're classic and fit with the pinstripes in a theme of simple and classy
the padres do n't have a history of being good enough to try and use a boring uni that 's already been used by a better team where it actually fits especially when they have had some really unique unis in the past
i have been looking for a interchangeable tunisian hook set that is also on the pointy side for a while now .
everything i find seems to be dull rounded off .
i also ca n't find any guidance on how to sharpen '' a hook either .
i know win my late 30 's i got a prescription for viagra which solved this kind of problem .
other than that you will need to keep him stimulated with mouth or hand until you are ready or slow him down somehow by not exciting him .
my wife would give me a good slap on the balls to stop me from getting hard too quickly .
we tried a a few things that would work most of the time .
u/nigorguye your submission title is n't right for listentothis !
the ' ' spaces around the dash and the brackets around the genres must be included .
click on the 'delete ' option above to remove this before submitting again .
the submission guidelines are summarized on the submit page for quick reference .
the reasons for these community guidelines are explained in the subreddit introduction .
if reddit displays a message telling you to wait a little while before submitting again moderators are not able to assist with this .
this is a site-wide feature and the message will not appear once your account age and total karma exceed required thresholds .
verifying your email address http reddit.com/verify can help resolve this issue .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/listentothis if you have any questions or concerns .
what a job by that offensive line if just one man missed his block he would have been stopped .
i found my vex here too although it was from one of the guys outside that always try to rush your back .
there are a great many mysterious injuries that get misdiagnosed as spider bites just because people are n't sure what else it could have been .
because you specified that there was pus it sounds more like an infection of some sort .
pus is not a typical reaction to a spider bite but is very typical of a broad range of infections as is swelling pain and/or itching .
the cop with the bodycam the one saying baby '' was n't the cop who shot her the cop who shot her was behind the door .
it was just captured on his bodycam rather than the shooter .
are you sure it is n't a freudian slip .
like when you want to say honey i think we should have tacos for dinner '' but it comes out as i want to fuck your sister '' ?
there is more historical evidence for the existence of jesus than almost any other figure from that time .
the problem is most of the evidence is colored by being oriented toward faith rather than truth .
they are very dramatic with water so do n't be alarmed if you wake up to a dead plant .
still should 've drove inside hope ryan can drill wiggins about his shot selection
to add to this a floating currency means that the exchange rate is determined in the market through supply and demand .
with a fiat currency the default mechanism of institutional control will be the interest rate which we will be set by the central bank .
since the central bank will always set an interest rate based on monetary objectives i.e .
fighting inflation there will always be some government influence in the market .
so even without other intervention measures there would n't be a truly market determined exchange rate free of government influence .
all of america are rams fans on this blessed day
tbh i mix up plays between viveliam and varvalian constantly because the name feels so similar
kinda awkward how troy is slobbing on the rams so much ... is he trying to make the cowboys jealous ?
k. it seems way more important to you so i 'll let you believe that .
you know that repeating bud '' does n't prove your point though right ?
i 'll let you have the final word though because you 're clearly getting emotional and i do n't want you cutting yourself tonight or whatever .
this is just a ploy so that you get your ticket before me ...
i see your trap card and i play reverse trap ! ! !
i 've literally never expressed a negative sentiment about slavs .
i have no idea how you are getting that from anything i have said .
it was the typical cross check that they let players get away with in front of the net .
i lost a lot of money on aliexpress when items ordered were not shipped and then they refused to refund the purchase price i have used wish and their stuff is okay and i 've never had trouble getting refunds for lost shipments .
just have it delivered on a day you 're not working ... .
also i remembered we have the option of it being delivered to you 're neighbors house if it arrived when you 're not at home .
good time has been on my list for awhile i 'm hoping to get to it tomorrow .
but what if the russian guy actually said finland in russian
i love jaylon but he 's been washed out of every single run play today .
i 'd convert every future dc movie into a porn movie and cancel every female lead movie so it 's only batman superman the flash and cyborg fucking for 2 hours
i 've only been through the show 1 time but i loved it .
i now know for a fact you do n't own a pc .
you do n't know the difference you argue semantics and quite frankly you do n't know what you 're talking about .
traps were more useful before the end game ring moved all over the place .
do you also blame sanders ' campaign for not winning the primary and therefore also not beating trump ?
of course you do n't because you should only blame trump the gop and people who vote republican for the last 2 years .
i have most of those kids ' books were indigenous themed spot goes to wherever and zeuss collections but i was told it was a bad idea because most of their culture is oral traditions and mixing up the oral traditions from different nations might confuse things .
was a russian capture but is stamped for 1943 also indicates it was one of the few made by sauer rather than mauser .
i picked it up for like 400 and it is a tack driver for sure
i 'm sorry did you just say that you can fly over antarctica ?
it 's all fun and games making fun of those with maverick beliefs but that does n't excluding you from researching before you make claims .
the only planes that do are on sight-seeing routes and they still usually do n't fly over the continent .
rodney has literally been like the nicest guy in the world off the show .
he 's always preaching blacklivesmatter and things like this .
your reduction to simply a means of production and nothing more is a product of capitalism humans existed before capitalism and can exist after it therefore you are not simply a cog in the machine unless you choose to be .
of course it 's talking about his legacy not himself .
well when you mock others about their grammer in english .
and i took you a lot of time to answer
next hit 's gon na reveal your granny undies .
is it only weird to me that people who came up together during the ovw or fcw day 's did n't get along as well ?
those are the exact candles i 'm using and they go out
democrats think its trump 's fault his decisions are causing americans grief but it takes two to tango .
he 'll get a ton of cheers he 'll do his usual french smugness and brush it off then lose the game .
i 'm just glad he 's having fun over in charlotte though .
i 'm sure you 've done something that helped someone even if it 's small
i grew up in l.a. how do you pronounce it and where did you grow up ?
hahaha it looks like someone just threw whole bullets down the range casing and all
my job interview with them 15 years ago was a slide show of the vacations i could earn .
lets see ... treason sexual assault fraud bribery abuse of power ...
i 've mistaken ground cinnamon for chilli powder way more times than i care to admit .
oh and you can skip the season 3 episodes stranger in a strange land and expose. total filler .
swim goes to walmart/meijer/whatever with one of the back pack water bag things on backward under a coat and will dump a fifth into it in the store and leave
what i 'm saying is that poc seems to be like pow just more energy efficient .
so i 've seen no good argument against poc .
the only reason it 's not in the top 100 is purely a marketing issue
article states only that the incident is under review .
here 's a good article https info.painfulpleasures.com/help-center/information-center/how-clean-jewelry about how best to clean body jewelry .
most of the time mild soap and water are enough plus a small brush to get into the little nooks and crevices .
be sure to plug the sink so you do n't drop your jewelry down the drain !
for jewelry other than metal like stone or acrylic ask your piercer what they recommend for cleaning .
not sure if it 's true or not but i 've read a few articles about trials to investigate whether or not psilocybin magic mushrooms has the ability to rewire '' the brain .
from what i 've read the results are promising .
a play and learn group once a week at the local library helped a ton with getting us out of the house and just exposing them to new ideas .
ymca basketball not much changes as you get older kid
i mean come on who the fuck wears a rebreather to look cool ?
it allows you to play it how you want to .
i 'm playing through it for the first time right now and have n't played an adventure game in probably ten years and i love it .
o.o werent you the person that said they got raped on that one school post
and seriously people who act like our defense has been bad this whole season when people like jaylon and lve were key in our success several times this season make it that much harder for me to take seriously when they go and defend dak .
our defense has been consistently good which is more than i can say for the qb that saw the first blowout the cowboys had in 15 years .
the recent icerd rally made me lose hope though .
hard to change the mind of such a large mass .
meanwhile i 'll try my best to help each individual the way i can .
i ca n't change the world but i can change one person 's world .
use headphones high quality if ya got em you will thank me later .
if you are willing to put in a lot of work then go for him
so when he lets his gay neighbor penetrate him he can tell people he was raped .
if that happens our response should be i guess he 's better than tavares matthews marner reilly nylander combined . ''
shrek 1 was really good but shrek 2 has got ta be one of the best kids movies of all time .
the power that yelled cunt '' had behind it was something beyond man .
one thing that helped me realize what 's real again is being able to rationalize all of this .
do n't rationalize bullshit that no one else can see .
do n't entertain thoughts that are only making you feel worse .
these are all philosophical questions that people do ask themselves but people with psychosis take too literally .
i once found a quote that said 'if one person believes in a god they are crazy .
if a bunch of people believe in god it 's called a religion . '
i personally found that helpful as it modified my understanding of what 'god ' could really be .
you are praying to yourself you are always watching yourself .
'' only god can judge you '' means that only you can judge yourself .
most people who believe in god adjust their religion to suit their lifestyle .
if you were a god with no powers you would just continue living a normal life like everyone else right ?
even if everything is programmed it makes sense mathematically that biology is .
even normal people know this to some extent but they do n't focus on it nor spend much time thinking about it .
they are n't having long conversations with their innerself .
do you feel like the tv is talking to you the radio ?
like everything is catered to you and giving you secret messages ?
either ways that weird feeling sounds like a new episode is starting .
take your medication or up the dosage if you are already taking it .
sleep more watch mindless things like the big bang theory etc that wo n't over stimulate you .
hopefully over time those thoughts will calm down to a more rational way of thinking .
the difference between normal people who entertain these thoughts and us .
is that they are trying to learn while we are trying to force a belief in our minds .
there is a big difference between thinking outside the box and staying outside the box .
cut the kf podcast from the twitch lineup its on fridays 6am .
greg 's comic book show is once a month on patreon .
the rest are not on at the moment ... seasonal shows
oh okay that makes more sense thanks for the info
stopped playing for over a week and decided to test out toons in the new meta .
i noticed less people are running spell anti back row cards and are mostly running effect .
so i decided to make a similar build to the last time i got kog which had a similar meta sylvans by running mostly effect negation .
at first i was running pathfinder and cursed seal and void trap hole .
however i found i was bricking too much and was n't coming against many cc or gc .
i switched to relink and econ and demise of the land .
relink lets you draw 1 which is always important in toons as they are resource heavy and also protects your cards if tk is banished by a wild cc .
econ gives you protection and can be used to take their monsters draw get protection .
usually i would econ take a monster like dunker and tribute or go for game if possible .
demise worked almost every game due to how many decks special summon .
it works wonders for monsters like spirit who banish on summon .
as most of the time they 'll banish demise only for it chain and bring tk on the board .
it not only lets monsters like summoned skull elf mermaid attack first turn but it also negates your opponents effects it gives you an attack boost in the occasions when you need to not get hit over or need to reduce the lp reduction and it stops your toons from being destroyed if tk is destroyed .
there is no replacement for this card and should 100 be run at 3x .
imo econ is better just because of relinkuriboh but canadia is just as good or debatably better .
not only will it stop effects from triggering as most do n't activate on summon but also always for possible tribute fodder .
however i would n't run it ahead of memory loss as memory loss counters all effects except celestial which is limited
divine wrath is the next best thing if you do n't have memory loss .
however toons are resource heavy that 's why i use relinkuriboh over pathfinder and divine wrath is too costly to be better than memory loss for now .
maybe when we get more support divine wrath will be better .
because i run a lot of spells in this deck cursed seal is easy to activate .
however i did n't get the chance to activate much because of the current meta .
if the meta shifts to more spell backrow removal this card will be amazing .
it works well with extra demise of the land .
another thing to point out are cc and gc .
if tk is banished your monsters will not be destroyed .
you will only lose the tk protection but you can still attack directly then you have potential relinkuriboh econ chalice which can all be used defensively in protecting your toons .
however galaxy cyclone is very difficult to come back from .
but because it needs 2 turns to hit tk you can kill them with tdmg before they have the chance .
i got to legend 3 easily but getting 5 wins in a row for kog took about 40 games .
koaki meiru not a bad match up if you can negate maximus .
usually after you negate him they run out of steam or tdmg kills them .
sometimes i econ take maximus with spare fodder to suicide it .
silent swordsman easy if you go first and put tk down .
extremely difficult if you go second and he has silent swordsman already out .
usually they make it easy to kill them fast .
blue eyes they can be extremely difficult because of the bouncing and revives .
spirit ca n't get over toon skull plus you have relink econ protection .
luckily they run very little backrow so even with tk banished you can kill them .
banish control if they run anti back row cards like cc or gc it 's gg .
but usually i relied on mermaid as it ca n't be banished by assailant .
it 's possible to win chalice econ take to tribute to tdmg and they die before they get another spellcaster .
tbh i did n't play so many meta decks .
or decks not constructed well like a koaki deck with 2 diamonds .
it can be good bait for destruction if you have n't already set up board .
and gives you a chance to still win if you ca n't get tk .
her ability to take down the opponents life points first turn she is summoned is great .
even with tk destroyed i 've found myself winning just with her and toon world .
unlike myself she 's not a fan of cum .
she does n't like the temp mainly says it feels weird which i can respect .
i love it i 'm bi we both are but its not for everyone .
oh no if only there was a way to view digital foundry coverage about switch on my 4k tv thinking you can buy a 70 '' but not some iq
why not everybody refuse to pay at the same time and not go to work ?
i hate it when people try and compare downtown chicago/the loop to downtown toronto .
it is not dumb as fuck but shows that the person making the comparison does n't know jack shit about the differences between the two downtowns '' .
the downtown chicago area is not just made up of the loop and the magnificent mile .
those four neighbourhoods are the loop chinatown gold coast magnificent mile river north south loop and streeterville .
i find it odd that you are comparing 2/7 neighbourhoods within downtown chicago to the entirity of downtown toronto ?
that seems like you really tryna be super disingenious and throw out some nice spin or you simply did n't bother to look at what downtown chicago really is .
whatever tho since you only brought up the loop and magmile '' which i would n't even call a neighbourhood cause it is just a part of a street and nothing else let us compare the area and population of the loop and magmile .
the loop is 4.09 km³ with a population of 33,442 people according to the 2015 census .
mag mile is a 13 block 1 mile/1.61 km section of michigan avenue ca n't find any population numbers but it is probably quuuuuuuite a bit lower than the loop due to the magmile being made up of mostly retail restaurants museums and hotels .
downtown toronto on the other hand is 14 km³ 3.5 times the size of the loop and the population is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much higher as well .
just ward 13 toronto centre has a population of 103,805 2016 census with an area of 5.67 km² based on my super rough look at it on daftlogic .
to make a comparison between downtown toronto and 2/7 parts of downtown chicago without taking into account area and population is super shaky .
another part of that comparison that is dumb is that the loop and magmile are known for being super high scale '' upperclass business districts .
the same is not true for all of downtown toronto .
there are at risk neighbourhoods in downtown toronto that do not exist in the loop and magmile such as regent park moss park alexandra park/atkinson/po and bleecker .
comparing two parts of downtown chicago that are middle and upper class commercial financial districts to an entire downtown core with a mix of different neighourhoods with different makeups apples to oranges comparison my guy .
the only difference between these two will be design and i think misfit has their own activity tracking app .
other than that they are identical on the inside .
they are both made by fossil so the venture hr the falster 2 and the vapor 2 will be pretty much the same just different designs .
i personally like the design of the falster 2 the best .
lol the eagles fan in our post game thread that said they would make it farther then us without winning the division
i 'm gon na take it easy on you today it looks like you 've had a hard day at the brothol
i work at a university in dc that does n't call a snow day until an hour before the work day starts ...
did the gas giant look like vanilla ice cream with brown dots ?
i have to see if i can accomplish this on my linux install
please post results if you figure anything out for linux
in that case aldi has some drinkable wine for 2.49 .
are you suggesting that every dollar spent on art should be spent on helping the impoverished or just art you do n't personally enjoy ?
it was a really good series so i can respect that .
i believe it is on netflix now so actual subs should be out for it ?
it 's best to send a private message to the poster as opposed to leaving a public comment .
if you do n't know how to pm a user go to the textfriends wiki by clicking here https www.reddit.com/r/textfriends/wiki/private_message .
you should also be aware of the subreddit rules https redd.it/3uub1q .
and feel free to join our chatroom https redd.it/5zk6ba .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/textfriends if you have any questions or concerns .
does he still check you out when you are dressing in front of him ?
yeah that 's gon na be a yikes from me
this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=e4ktgbn7wok is the closest thing i could find to the video .
but introvert literally just means that we get drained from social situations which i do .
yeah but they 've said they 're gon na try to do a 1 year prove-it deal with him .
if you have the opportunity of initializating a struct you can do 0
this certainly saves you some characters in your code but it wo n't save you any instructions the array still has to be filled with zeroes at runtime whether you do it explicitly or implicitly in your program !
by the way the implicit initialisation the for loop and the memset function are likely to all compile to the same assembly if you have smart compiler optimisation .
do n't even get me start on rob parker .
his tweets today about brady and the pats were fucking mind numbing to even look at
this thread is so good i love these stories .
a group of us were cooking a package of couscous for dinner .
my friend spilled all of the couscous in the dirt .
we put the couscous along with much dirt back in the pot cooked and ate it all .
so saying i 'm just going to wash my hands real quick '' was n't enough for her .
what kind of animal eats fried fish with their hands and does n't have a napkin ?
50 quest item 45 rocket launcher 5 lvl 3 armour and 0 war machine .
you did n't link a guide it sure if there was one you meant to link
i 'm guessing stout shield tango ring of protection and idk what else with the remaining gold ?
then segue into phase boots ring of health blink into the rest of the items you mention
i just got a knee surgery so i 'm stuck in bed and bored most of the time right now .
i realized literally all i do is go on my phone watch tv or play ps4.. that 's way too much screen time for my liking !
recently i started meditating and reading books instead of constantly using technology and i feel so much better about how i 'm spending my time .
technology for me is just a distraction from the real world !
i thought it was because the new one is so cool and hip with all the online '' features and shit like that ...
it 's just sweat just remember to wash your hands ''
that movie takes a sharp right turn from a character driven drama to an acid fueled asses sticking out of the walls insanity show .
are n't you glad you now have a chance to have a relationship with not a big child ?
raiders is a bit more serious than last crusade and it 's so good but i agree crusade is just a ton of fun and so re-watchable .
we 're out of yogurt school lunches are n't going to pack themselves tomorrow morning .
i love that i used to wait til my kids did n't know i shopped on sunday .
i love that i would wear a plain hoodie instead of a byu hoodie .
now i never wear that byu hoodie and i go whenever i want .
damn that 's unfortunate that they do n't provide that .
i never realized they gave it out for boomsday .
it allowed me to expand the classes i played with and do well with them .
andrew watches carefully as the trees start to revert to their original form but he only truly lets his guard down when he hears her voice .
no matter what else that sounds more like a scared child than any real threat .
he turns to the tree and catches a glimpse of the green skin from behind the tree .
she looks human or human-like but if he heard right then she is n't human .
who told you that you could n't talk to humans ? ''
he does n't try to get closer but does offer a smile to re-assure the voice .
he is a handsome boy so decent clothes and a haircut make him look great !
any chance you can educate your parents so they can help him make good choices in the future ?
hope you never plan to record video store or work with any other files .
granted it also comes with a really buff group of criminals that want the money too .
they correctly switched to dive to counter that exact comp the first time and they tried brute forcing it the second time so naist easily walled them off and snillo was playing duck hunt by himself up there .
at the very least hawk should 've rushed him given that they had no mobile supports to go up there with him .
as an athletic training student we are taught to anticipate an incredible amount of injuries for games played on articulation turf .
this is a ragtime/jazz song composed and arranged for piano and played on guitar .
nor is it intermediate level of any style at all
it 's one of the most impressive buildings i 've ever seen .
when i got cancer my bpd relative tried to use it to reel in their non bpd ex .
the non bpd ex called me directly and they are still no contact but being you are not on good terms with the mom i see no reason to involve yourself in this at all .
it did n't originate from tv either.. just one of those old trolls that have always been around like tapping someones far shoulder making them look behind them ...
i always think of wanderlei after his loss to crocop .
wanderlei still had some success after but if you look at how dominant he was before that he seemed like a different fighter entirely .
first you 've got your lore right or at least close enough to be okay .
a planet which is considered a strategic benefit to hold could certainly host a handful of titans and regular imperial guard sergeants can replace their laspistols with bolt pistols .
as for general gming advice the lore is flexible enough that if your player has any complaints you can generally handwave it .
it does n't have to be a super-strong explanation and you do n't necessarily have to tell the players what 's going on if it 's something they realistically would n't be able to figure out on their own .
pull a nose hair and get a sneezing fit .
i think i legit felt me heart skip a beat
that 's the worst blown loss of the season .
10 point 4th quarter lead to a bad team like the magic .
i 'm really hoping that 's a stain from the dirty slush
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=sausage without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
if you 're desperate for sleep i 'd say try a higher dose if you can afford it .
100 mg is a typical dose used for sedation .
i really didnt want to take it that far .
he would probably end up inconveniencing someone else to pay the fines
i feel like pickle rick was on the nose as part of the joke .
comments consisting of mere jokes nakedly political comments circlejerking personal anecdotes or otherwise non-substantive contributions without reference to the article economics or the thread at hand will be removed .
if you have any questions about this removal please contact the mods message/compose ? to=/r/economics subject=moderation .
there 's literally a print screen button in that case .
le fottute piste ciclabili perché così i vari ciclisti di merda che ti sfrecciano accanto senza suonare si levano dal cazzo di marciapiede .
that 's pretty animated flair rainbow insert your own text
eh i 'd argue by the end of the year brolo and mcgee will get very similar averages for blocks .
mcgee 's have gone way down from what he averaged before tyson 's arrival .
it 's more dependable on if oc needs rebounds or a little bit of everything .
if he 's lacking boards i 'd go with mcgee .
that 's more or less the situation here in the us as well .
i was fortunate enough to nab a copy of the holiday gift set edition which is just the platinum set in a flip case with different art back in 2010 but with adv being defunct and the series being oop since about 2009 sets here command a premium as well .
most of the sets in australia are almost identical to the ones here tbh .
at this point your best bet for a legit copy is to either try and catch one going for a decent price or wait and see if it gets a new release down the road now that netflix has rescued it .
like we could get mahomes to play for the royals and the chiefs ?
this has been the changelog since like october oreo update or something .
they arent even bothering to update the changelog now .
you do n't loose nothing catholic faith is useless .
because you see the system through the eyes of this sub .
it 's not nearly as bad as you 're lead to believe .
it 's not a perfect system but it 's not what you 're imagining either .
is this the vanderpump cocktail garden or something different ?
wow villa blanca sur pump tomtom and vanderpump cocktail garden .
assuming i remember the statistics correctly i-75 is the 5th highest stretch of road for deadly accidents from georgetown to richmond .
a very broad range of speed typically 60 to 80 mph with about 1 in 10 doing 90 .
a lot of exits that leave most traffic unable to get up to speed or drivers unaware of their vehicles needed runway to get up to speed .
the omg traffic i have to slow down '' then wonder why they ca n't merge and neither can the five cars behind them suddenly tail gating them .
i-75 lets you pretty much go on auto pilot because a lot of people are traveling through the area .
mix that with people quickly navigating their way to the next exit and three lanes wide just does n't leave much room to navigate .
people zoned out and squatting in the fast lane '' which really needs to be a hov lane instead .
the i-75 and i-64 mergers pretty much makes this area around lexington a real nightmare of too much traffic with too few options to reliably navigate what lanes you need to be in versus several of the above issues .
i got stuck behind some nut in a rav a couple weeks back who over reacted to everything .
they have at least 10 car lengths ahead of them empty then speed off to catch up with the rest of the cars .
then hit their brakes and over correct for their bad judgement of distance .
i 'm gon na be mad as hell cuz they still steal money out my check
yeah i 've been doing more the latter staggering the plant and the assist to try and bait out a button when they see me going for a plant .
but thank you for the info nonetheless i just started messing with plant setups
this game was 100 hinged upon brandon brooks breaking his leg .
the single most pivotal thing that happened in the game and eagles fans want to blame jim schwartz .
my least favorite thing about being an eagles fan ?
1st era began when alesian empire was founded 2nd when the reman dynasty established the second empire 3rd when septim empire was born and 4th when the last septim died during oblivion crisis and mede dynasty took over .
whew osha could 've walked while i was looking at this post in if you did n't flag it
fair point i would 've been so salty if that 's happened to me with an ultra ball !
i have no idea but it wont matter if you beat tier 6 you get the rewards anyways so maybe its just a glitch who knows ?
as tempting as that is i still do n't think it 's worth it .
and there is a similar and probably more known effect with bows though that one is negative .
you can have two arrows in the air if the first one kills a unit the second one is wasted .
lethenial can you lead me in the direction of which i should start to learn about this case ?
before i dive in i want good sources and a clean unbiased place to begin my research on it .
will report back and touch base on the case once i have learned more .
remainers will vote remain just because they are angry at leavers .
or possibly because they think that its by far the best option
front page of the national post section of the local news paper .
i 'm a sub player so i feel this 👌
we are so indocrinated we dont see we are in a surveillance state that has state/oligarch approved propoganda here .
all materials are farmed with either your harvesting tool or searching an object .
caves are good for copper but you can get it elsewhere .
ones are often found in the small flat wooden boxes you often see around forests or the big orange buckets/barrels you see in industrial zones i always called them pineapple barrels but that 's just because i 'm not sure of their actual real world name .
just keep playing and you 'll get there it 's early on anyway
yes although if you start a mission while there 's a crafting queue it 'll forget about the things it was crafting and you 'll have to redo them queued up 20 gas traps in the armory and started a mission and when i checked my inventory i had 2 and my queue was empty
br has a fraction of the content fortnite does .
the downside to that is that there can be bugs sometimes .
i guess a recent example is that people were stupidly overleveling their weapons so they could n't make them anymore so epic made it so that we could craft lower level versions of our weapons .
in making that update one of the weapons now fires shovel and grenade models instead of bullets when you craft it down .
usually just silly shit like that although there 's been a couple of ‘serious ' bugs but they 've always been sorted out fairly quick without worry .
green circle with point that 's you and the other players
green circle player turrets it 's possible to have 4 players and 8 turrets up at once so it can get confusing trying to spot players if there 's a blob of green on an objective
defenders i think show as the player icon but in blue someone ought to correct me if i 'm wrong i have n't needed a defender since i started the game
yellow dot if it 's still in use patrol husks if they have n't seen a player .
used to run from their spawn to their exit portals and flash yellow on the map .
would turn red when attacked by a player or when a player was in aggro range
nothing more confusing than seeing a circle of red ish around the objective only to find some guy has surrounded it with flame traps and it 's not actually under attack
usually wood brick metal planks flowers or other unwanted common items .
i always grab what i can i like to have 5 stacks of everything in storage across all accounts and anything in my inventory is then spare/junk and can be given to players if they need it .
usually found when a player 's dropped all their crappy weapons from chests and searching items .
take them if nobody wants them they 'll recycle down into useful materials .
spawns a wave of husks rewards you for killing them all .
it 's possible to get ones that reward ore like the copper you want .
in encampment specific missions camp 1 is 1 wave 2-4 are 2 waves and 5-9 are all 3 waves .
useful way of speedrunning a mission in 8-9 minutes for materials if you can get a good team can be done solo too if you 're overpowered even for the super-encampments
white circle with ! a b c or d inside objective .
if an atlas is floating just put it on arches nothing fancy and you can ignore it watch for flingers though .
big light blue chest pickaxe or person simple enough it 's a chest ore/crystal or a survivor .
if it 's not a survivor relay and is a small shelter walk in and it should tell you to find the survivor .
they 'll appear with a magnifying glass on the map
light blue magnifying glass often with radius circle around it the area you should be looking for survivors or survivor medkits .
survivors can die when attacked but can be healed by your adrenaline rush gadget if they 're still alive .
can be useful if they 're almost dead but you 've almost killed all the husks .
small ones tend to be physical items you have to pick up and large ones are usually static objects you have to go up to and interact with/search .
5 white symbols hermes boot battery shield health shape building symbol bluglo pylons .
add 2 bluglo to boost speed energy shield health or building is it speed or health or both ?
appears as a tier3 chest can be killed for a reward and after one of the plankerton ssds there 's a vbuck quest for killing them 20 stages of 30vb gives 600 in total
used as an objective to locate in deliver the bomb missions .
husk with swirling purple circle round it boss husk .
shoot it to show it 's info and weakness .
do n't shoot it anymore if it says ‘trap vulnerable ' .
the amount of people still shooting tvbs and flingers is astounding .
only shows your own individual ones not other people 's so grab all the ones you see they 're yours .
once had a guy post here asking why people were leaving them on the map .
turns out he 'd missed the fact that the side objectives drop for all and he was unaware they were his rewards
useful to grab since objectives often take 4 to start and if not you can get a couple of the pylons with whatever you find .
that 's all i can think of without the game in front of me .
i did once write a guide for my friend before the ui update rip that went over all map icons .
almost all the icons you see on the map can be investigated as you go and you 'll learn really quickly what everything is .
if there 's any other icons you 're confused on let me know .
i keep remembering more that i 've forgotten and that 's ignoring mission-specific icons
i 'm also on wk3 and started at ftp of 224 and was totally gassed at the end of the test .
the workouts had been good but not all that taxing .
on a bkool smart go rode my first race a tour de zwift stage this past saturday which was insanely fun with an avg of 267 so it bumped me to an ftp of 262 .
i do like the structure of the training but 5 hrs wk of training is making me miss free riding racing .
i also curl 2 nights wk i 'm wondering if i could get good results from just hopping on and riding or doing a few races each week .
i find zwift incredibly fun so motivation would n't be an issue .
also i would n't recommend racing on the same day as a deadline for a 90-minute training session .
are you being serious because this theory is fact .
looking for duos or a solid 4th for a tpp squad .
i 've got 30 squad wins this season plus 10 duos and solos do n't play as often .
have a mic am good at call outs sharing loot and overall strategy for winning i do n't require getting lots of kills .
upside with arabian is the points for calmed horse '' every 5 seconds you press ls
if you did n't lose by a wide margin why not ?
i find that turning fear into anger is very easy .
the next step is channeling that into pure determination to rationalize and face my fears
i highlighted in red where the google summary got its sentences from the website and in yellow how it actually states that you should receive the flu vaccine during pregnancy .
the first google snippet is suggesting that the flu vaccine is bad and causes a list of complications but when i actually clicked on the websites link it stated the exact opposite that the flu vaccine is important to help prevent the flu and it 's serious complications .
i just thought it was interesting how google just seemed to pick a few sentences and put them together which made it seem like the website was stating that flu vaccines were bad .
it also interests me that this was the first thing to pop up even though it was n't really relevant to my search .
whatever account with an original premise '' gets traction on ig it will become famous and more shitty accounts will replicate it .
same goes with the egg '' situation probably more accounts will try to recreate it
the thing i figured out to fix it was maybe an app glitch .
i ended up switching from juicer mode to rider map and back to juicer and it updated the map for me .
that made those uncapturable limes go off the map .
as i said in another comment on this thread .
it was our state news tv rte sky news and euro news which are both on cable and broadcast throughout europe 24/7 .
that 's 3 choices for the average tv news watcher .
couldnt be much easier to keep up to date with the protests
most of my friends insurance is between 800 1000/mo since their jobs do n't offer it .
i just got insurance because some things came up but i do n't know how much longer i can keep it up .
i also hold the bone while he chewed and rub his mouth and head to show him that i 'm in charge and that he does n't have to worry .
this is really bad advice and a great way to make resource guarding worse .
it 's also a great way to get bitten .
he 'll learn that if you take his food bowl
you should never take the food bowl or any other object from a resource guarding dog .
i think you 've either misconstrued what your trainer has advised you or your trainer gave you some very bad advice .
love that is being for the benefit of mr kite helter skelter and i want you she 's so heavy .
there are many plug and play units that will do more damage and be more useful from 100 hp to 0 hp than sez .
his damage is super subpar compaired to a lorina or clarissa who does more dmg and more utility with the same gear and jokers .
people try to justify him due to start of game rerolling .
they are good to carry through early game and easy content .
once enemies have high hp and defense ... not so much ... there are better units that can be helpful 100 of the fight ... not 50 of the fight .
yes but next year fuji is also releasing a 100mp ibis camera medium format so it 's likely these two will often be compared .
and if the canon has a smaller sensor and lenses not designed for such high resolution fuji gfx lenses are then it 's going to be hard for canon to compete unless it 's a 2800 or less camera
whales drive the price up or down when they sell or buy but in doing so they 're also running risks as btc can surge or crash resulting in them having sold low or bought high and lost money .
hodlers are not whales the more btc is being held and not used the less btc in circulation there will be at any given moment .
this is helpful in driving prices up by basic supply vs demand logic although that wo n't necessarily happen as there are more factors to it than just that obviously .
i think about shooting terminators in the future war .
it was the sideshow/takeover guys shooting fireworks at the police helicopter .
another time they blocked hollywood blvd did their donuts .
once police arrived someone threw a firework towards an officer it exploded near the officer .
they will block police cars to let the people doing donuts get away .
they just had a meet at a long beach towne center near my house .
i heard a few doing donuts at an intersection around midnight next to apartments .
i checked their social media sure enough they were at the shopping center .
a few minutes later i hear the helicopter flyover so they can break up the 200 cars .
they had a huuuge meet at an anaheim shopping center .
you 'll can see all their derogatory comments towards our officers .
most of the cars doing it are stock beaters and trucks .
you ca n't even find a decent meet anymore without some idiot revving as they arrive or leave .
the southern california car scene is extremely burnt right now .
officers used to i read up on one meet the other day where an officer hung out with everyone go to meets to make sure there 's no funny business they 'd hang out and are so cool .
plenty of officers are car enthusiasts right now they do n't have a choice but to blanket everyone with enforcement .
it 's always the degenerates running it for everyone .
why would you block active roadways and block officers ? ! ?
i 'm very confident that this was just a guess and is wrong .
that would have made her 14 or 13 during v2 which is a pill i simply ca n't swallow .
i 'm going to stick with she is in her twenties until confirmed by m or k .
death with dignity is what you 're looking for i think .
to go the extra mile you have to go full david bowie .
closest she 's come is playing stand-in bowie 's wife in velvet goldmine .
unfortunately presidents ' day weekend is the only time this works for me .
i 'm comfortable on all single blacks and many double blacks .
when watching the op with my gf i was all disclaimer despite the op no one will use firearms or bladed weapons in this series .
they are good kids so no murder will happen . ''
the depositions were not solely about the 85 case and these two were definitely a part of the aftermath .
you make it sound like they had a choice and chose to testify lol .
ok bad guy totally deserved it and everything but why did the good guys son start wailing like a widow .
it was weird and my stuff all disappeared for like 3 real life days before someone found it at spawn few hundred blocks away
well this is all wrong where are sandy and sahara ! ?
only if the one time payment actually represents a permanent valued product .
something destiny has certainly had a wobbly at best relationship with .
i really do n't get why capcom set the hr requirement so low the devs were probably like before lower hrs start to cry that this content is n't available for them ... ''
i wish you could set an hr requirement when posting a quest that 'd at least reduce the likelihood of players without augments to join your quest
you can download it from here https www.celsoazevedo.com/files/android/google-camera/dev-arnova8g2 https www.celsoazevedo.com/files/android/google-camera/dev-arnova8g2
advanced ‣ base change interface style to pixel 3 front camera to pixel 3xl
advanced ‣ toggle alternative config on oreo only leave it off if you 're running pie
advanced ‣ fix ‣ change viewfinder format to yuv\_420\_888 ''
i found it on the r/blowjobs subreddit and nobody knew it there either .
e. take him out to dinner and see if he puts out on the first date
i 'm honestly not sure what you 're arguing here .
it seems like you 're just taking three logical steps backwards .
you agree that sex ed and birth control fewer abortions .
you also agree that the religious people are n't going to back down .
so how have you not concluded that the only way forward is to not back down either say fuck the idiots and pursue a science and evidence based society without their approval ?
that was a surprising amount of effort for a joke !
funny thing about the situation in germany they did the same i 'm not sure about the everything is okay message though but most of the numbers did not expire .
i 'm still using several of my old anonymous '' sim cards
but to be fair it 's still possible to buy anonymous sim cards it 's just not as easy anymore
seen a guy hanging from a streetlight in juarez years ago .
i actually saw the video previous to this post lol
i understand where you 're coming from but you do realize that this occurs in normal real life conversations right ?
people hear one idea or phrase and pass it onto a following conversation .
not every one of the millions of comments on reddit has to be a profoundly unique idea .
and there 's still tons of originality on reddit.. but by virtue of probability the more people post and the more you browse reddit the more you will come across commonality
it 's okay for people to post and upvote common ideas .
these things get upvoted by people who have n't been here as long as or do n't frequent reddit as much as you
i 'm in the 1 percentile of young women afflicted with premature ovarian failure due to chemotherapy .
i 'm also in the 1-3 percentile of having muscle and joint problems from said chemotherapy .
i made this at 4:32am back in july 2018 and used samples from either scp secret laboratory or scp containment breach .
not entirely sure what was going through my head when making this
while symphony of the night did n't invent the genre it certainly gave it a big boost .
the canon explanation is that it 's a direct ancestor ...
i 've got the same combination on my luggage .
ron was a part of the team sansa was n't .
as you said d d did not make it believable to me .
they hype her up because the actress has a good agent and relationship with d d probably .
she 's got several storylines merged into hers and now at the end a major role for the ending of got .
my housemate used to actually go howl at the moon .
one of the series i reread from start to finish every few years and a fantastic reread every time .
why did i think the middle bottom chopsticks were real and they were floating
this sounds really similar to a tv show called signal it was really sick .
they communicate through time through a walkie talkie and solve murders .
definitely check it out if you have the chance .
you 're just stuck with an expensive useless system in banking and you have to play along if you want to live in society .
i 'm actually pretty confident the text said he died inside he fish .
i had n't thought about this and you 're totally right .
and that 's what kept me with my narcissistic ex for so long .
i felt like he understood me and i wanted to be understood so desperately .
and now that i think about this it was the same with god .
chaos and discord leading to a weakened america that withdraws from global affairs .
putin wants to increase the size of russia ideally to former soviet levels not gon na happen to that extent but vp can dream and increase its sphere of influence in europe .
that 's why he hates nato it makes both a lot more difficult .
why do n't you try emailing a portfolio of your skins to deca maybe then the right people will see them ?
and the truth is that the dog went straight for the girl biting her by the lower half of her leg causing some bad damage .
i know that lower frames exhibit more noise and traditionally larger time frames are therefore easier to predict since the signals are more clear .
you 're correct i have tried to apply my algorithm to high time frames with no luck ironically .
try to find something that works on any time frame and see how far you can push it .
i have one that trades on the 30m time frame i think it does alright for itself https twitter.com/robswc/status/1082782861869109253 .
my style is in and out as fast as possible .
with my particular algo it performs poorly on high time frames as it does n't have too many entry points and honestly the signals just get pretty muddy after awhile .
are algos so vastly different that either approach could work ?
i have my main algo and my managing '' algo my main one tries to score 1 pls where it can and my managing algo manages long term positions .
i struggle with the long term though i 'm trying to make it very relative to itself so i can capture large percent moves like a long term algo should yet i find it never exiting in time .
apollo ie rimac concept one/two mclaren speedtail zenvo tsr-s lamborghini terzo millenio .
those would the first cars that would come in my mind .
would definitely be cool to have some electric cars added to the game .
please resubmit with either lpt '' or lpt request '' in your title so the moderators can see and review your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lifeprotips if you have any questions or concerns .
this is why i 'm not progressing in the game .
people keep giving me ideas that cause me to restart .
do you think this would be more effective on a streetfighter or an assassin ?
the doctor says yo '' and gives batman his batarang .
the doctor then disappears and says he ca n't get involved because it will interfere with his time line but gives them his phone number just in case .
at the end the daleks start attacking batman gandalf and wyldstyle .
they build a phone to call the doctor but the doctor ai n't answering .
then just as they are about to die the doctor appears .
batman gives the doctor the batarang which creates that loop
there is another level pack which you do have to buy about £30 for a whole new doctor story though .
that is the only way you can play as the doctor .
if you have a sister would n't you have a better understanding of what women look like without makeup and this reject the idea that guys do n't understand what no makeup really looks like '' ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nice if you have any questions or concerns .
i have tried it 2 times and it is op as fuck but also boring as fuck .
didnt even get those characters to level 90 before i got bored of them and sold the pens .
but it sure would be awesome to find a way to get dd buffed up in some way that it wouldnt get too op on trigger builds .
maybe simply '' can not be triggered '' and then you could actually pull out some serious damage with it for the cost of clunkiness of the skill .
ffm checking in i miss the south in the winter .
this could be really awesome or really really stupid .
the thing is i 've dealt with your behavior enough to conclude that you not everyone but specifically you are almost guaranteed to dismiss any dissent with insults name calling dismissive rhetoric .
i am attempting to honestly tell you specifically what behaviors debate tactics i regularly see you engage in with myself other subscribers on this sub that i find distasteful disagreeable and you wo n't recognize or acknowledge that any of them may potentially have merit .
instead you double down on your position attack insult me in an attempt to validate your initial opinion response to my dissent while completely dismissing any of my responses by refusing to even acknowledge my criticisms let alone consider them h even address them with a reasonable rebuttal .
i have quite literally found you impossible to effectively or respectfully communicate with so i 'm done trying as i see no reason to try continue .
no doubt you 'll respond again with insults criticisms in an attempt to prove your original points that i 'm a hypocrite '' r/utahjazz kool-aid drinker that 's incapable of keepin ' it real like you and i 'm fine with that .
so go ahead make the last word a good one .
i wo n't respond you can go to bed tonight feeling great about the sick burns you dropped on the dumbass that tried to go up against you tonight on reddit .
i 've referred to the case that is used as an example not laid out the argument for it .
it gets rather into the weeds of to what degree controlling for culture is possible and lots of twin studies .
i certainly ca n't claim the evidence proves anything but as a theory ashkenazi have a tendency to higher iq than average '' has a lot of explanatory power .
you 'd make more accurate predictions about the world if you assumed that to be true than false .
0-16 draft tua fire flores and hire a real coach .
i 'm really bad at germna and i do n't know why it 's that long just the dansih school system i guess
sure but it 's a lot harder to tell if a good human player is merely being assisted by an engine which would be more of a problem at that level .
nah captain america doesnt need to be a comedic character either neither does daredevil neither does any other serious character .
furthermore it would at least be alright if they would have at least given thor a logical reason to be this way .
he just suddenly is extremely comedic from the start of the movie onwards without any explanation on why .
they could have done it easily by having him cope with loss of asgard his friends his father etc .
by facading his sadness with humor but no he is already way too comedic for his pre-ragnarok self before even anything bad happens and he stays on the same level of comic relief for the entirety of the film .
i 'm actually not a huge football fan more a hockey guy so i 'm a coyotes fan and it 's pretty shit most of the time
d-backs completely shit the bed the last month or so of the season and did n't make the playoffs after being first in their division
suns are abysmal and are prob gon na be for a while and their owner is one of the worst in professional sports
cards have the shittiest luck and will most likely struggle for a while before even being .500 .
also that superbowl loss to the steelers ... ouch .
coyotes are always projected to have a better season and then shit the bed and get riddled with injuries the past 7 years
the cards wasted fitzgeralds career the suns wasted a good portion of nashs career the coyotes wasted doans entire career and the dbacks wasted the past 8 years or whatever of goldschmits career .
sure would n't mind more positivity in my life .
honestly if you are n't intending on a theatrical release there 's no point in 8k ... everyone is watching your piece on a laptop or phone .
me too i 've recently seen beverly hills cop again and it made me really miss the mid-80s eddie murphy
when it comes to demeanor on court agut remind me of lendl .
because an agent would n't summon something for your opponent .
and there already is an agent from si:7 in the game
i had this and quite a few other carnage covers .
my favorite one is this one and the one where carnage bonds with silver surfer .
remember that even if they did release a master totw de gea .
he wo n't be so valuable like totw messi bc everybody will invest their points for him
we 're supposed to get around two feet down here on the shoreline .
how will i look at my life on my last day and why
nah russia is still way bigger than the united states by a wide margin the big difference between the two is that most of russia is uninhabited https www.stratfor.com/sites/default/files/styles/wv_large/public/russia-population-density_0.png ? itok=8a9orieh where as most of the united states is http trip8.co/wp-content/uploads/2018/07/us-census-califronia-heat-map-california-population-map-refrence-fileus-population-mappng-wikimedia-mons-map-of-usa-map-usa-of-us-census-califronia-heat-map-california-population-map.png .
funny enough google maps is telling me that this stop alvarado hollywood fwy has twice-hourly arrivals of the metro 200 bus right now .
r/wooosh me if you want but what 's the joke ?
i 'm talking about the larger piece that looks like a dark blue threaded coil .
it seems to be covered in some type of hardened translucent material l. i have n't seen this assembly in other ps2s and am trying to figure out what it is .
goddamn hipsters ruined having a beard ... .but i still do .
dota 2 arcade has a lot of similar issues .
i was excited when it first came out but valve honestly does n't even care if entire games are completely broken by their updates .
at the least the slave kid managed to take a seat
oh i never encountered them yet but have seen references to them every now and then .
i assumed they were cannibal that would kill and eat me if i encountered them .
i was thinking of maybe doing some budget vr stuff if i 'm not playing warframe or emulating older titles on wii or gamecube .
i got the same stone wish i looked as cool as him wearing it tho
skate 3 is playable on xbo through backwards compatibility .
if 2 one-time bama qb 's go at it in one semi there will be 2 one-time clemson qb 's facing off in the other
they also routinely sought out the biggest kooks they could find to use as straw-man depictions of 'liberals ' .
maybe it 's just that last time i played a pyro i was very new to the game .
dad should also be concerned about how many other girls his son he has unprotected sex with and whether or not she 's the only one .
but in this post we 're only talking to one parent on one side and the girl is the one who is with child .
do you want to be close to work or school ?
she 's a dusty old dried up cunt that smells bad because it 's so old and has n't been used in such a long time .
that it 's illegal to have the lights on in the car while we drive .
never affected me it was just kinda wack as shit
yes you can combo it from on stage to off stage
i think trolling you should be quite obvious i mean you 're dumb enough to think that aim assist actually does anything to bloom .
little tip for next time you want to lord your intelligence over people try do a little research on the topic instead of on buzzwords and formatting that make your paragraph look intelligence until you read it .
i know what you said and it 's completely wrong because aim assist helps with tracking an opponent whereas bloom is the rng on where a bullet will go in your crosshairs spread .
aim assist does n't touch how your crosshairs spreads .
in short do some fucking research or you 'll look as stupid as your appear now .
and please never use the phrase ‘comprehensive incompetence ' again .
‘complete incompetence ' would 've actually fit and not made you look like an enormous d-bag who does n't know why he 's talking about .
i do n't really know what they go for what were you looking to get ?
listen guys i do n't think you understand this is the pigward 's most devastating attack .
every person in my immediate seating area at my job has a young child and does n't get out much .
amazingly enough i manage to keep my stories of travel and pot and drinking too much on saturday to a bare minimum and yet i get to hear every mundane detail of their sad lives .
i 've just spent the last four weeks listening to my cubicle breeder agonize over what tablet to get her 5-year-old a child i 've already determined will grow up to be an awful person .
at this point i 'm desperate for an intellectual conversation that i know will never come .
how do i relate that i do n't give a shit in a polite manner ?
i should note that i wear noise-cancelling headphones most of the day which results in people waving their hands at me to get my attention
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/copypasta if you have any questions or concerns .
liked her on orleans she seems lovable and tenacious .
also if she somewhat becomes jalter i wo n't mind .
right on that 's a good point that the tower project did n't get any real traction .
do you think that trump is really for an inclusive version of american nationalism though ?
seems like he has a massive white nationalist base and a bad track record with people of color .
he fought to make sure hard promises was n't released at 9.98 above the normal 8.98 that was the price at the time for records .
there are many other things like this as well that he fought for .
that along with his music is what makes him my favorite artist of all time .
i think whoever is in charge of all of this now needs to stand back and realize what they are doing and that he probably would not appreciate most of it .
and do n't forget that he 's a fantastic anti-shield hero that can shred them down with his e ability .
edit oh i forgot that his ult is the only damaging ult that can go through walls be activated from spawn and travels indefinitely .
it would be difficult to summon their weapons since they form from their gem .
but i believe they would summon their weapon before putting on their armor because if they are expecting a fight or battle that would give enough prep time for the summoning of weapons before equipment of gear/armor .
we need america to help defend us from the evil island-grabbing chinks !
we 'll give back the balangiga bells or melt them down into anti-chinese guns because murica support is more important to us !
he was never guilty of anything and he can do whatever he wants here as payment for helping defend us in the wps ! ''
he real is a hammy lil ' dude i love him so much .
it 's no surprise that he 's my favourite out of my 4 bettas .
now watch it get deleted for the 3rd time in a row
same here i hated learning chinese as a kid because i found it so much harder than english .
but as an adult it 's just such a useful and valuable language to know for business and employment .
strangely enough i went back to study it in preparation for the hsk exam and i did n't hate studying it as much as i remember .
i think the way they teach it to kids especially with an emphasis on rote learning rather than immersion really needs some improvement to increase learner motivation .
code academy and codingbat bot free if im not wrong .
i have this and it 's by far my favorite shirt
except in people where that 's not the case .
maybe we could see it if this video was n't at 20 fps
use meetup.com https meetup.com to find a gaming group .
that way you can be social but it 's all focused around an activity so you do n't need to constantly be chatting .
also sometimes just going to the grocery store can be beneficial .
i always buy just enough produce to last me for a few days so i need to go regularly .
this also means my produce is always pretty fresh .
public speaking is a huge part of my job too .
it 's like socializing but the presentation is all planned out so i do n't have to try keeping up with the speed of conversation .
it gives me a social outlet without the high stress of real socialization .
secondly he refers to the paper mill as a toilet paper company .
fourthly ops comprehension of sentence formation would n't qualify him/her for a toilet paper company inspection guy .
what 's the point of roleplaying a national socialist when nazis are the very definition of failure ?
agreed seeing him teleport behind me makes me give up lol
well i 'd say that definitely did n't look like icing but hey who really knows ?
it 's a great cover actually being older female .
up in canada only the sophisticated '' firms use revit aka most companies do n't want to pay for it and the learning curve of switching software .
i dream of the day revit is the norm .
the link for it is http www.clueboard.co and the link to the discord if you want to ask any questions is https discord.gg/pxkuk4u .
skully the creator is usually online and everyone is pretty laid back and helpful .
i think we all read the post it just seems odd that on a thread where you 're encouraging people to talk to the mods about their issues the same people talking about their issues are now being banned .
here 's some https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ab159ac7sh0 and also something a little different https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=nbnk6vt2v7q .
all of these are good but the origen and the k3 are a touch over a 100
i 'll add as a slightly awkward addition though the the fiio q1 mk2 is also pretty good but it 's a portable dac/amp so it 'd be a little awkward on a desk
i 'd prefer to just purchase the box set then to have to buy it episode by episode .
such a wild ride but oh my god never again .
only one that comes to mind that 's similar is the fourth kind .
that just means you have n't been gearing scoundrels and bh .
even if you did n't hate the pats i do n't get why you want to watch the pats in another fucking super bowl .
key limes are yellow and real key lime pie should not be green .
i was sent to a dietitian first and foremost i figured that was standard .
yeah i guess do your best while you can and try to wiggle into an appointment as soon as you can .
to be fair toronto subway is expanding to add 22 more stations while montreal metro has no concrete plan to expand .
thanks for at least acknowledging her career instead of trashing her like 90 of aussie fans who do n't follow tennis
in addition to what the others have said good old fashioned to do lists and a paper planner that i review start of each day .
i have my lists of when things are due plus reminders in my outlook calendar .
i also like arriving to the office super early to review before i can become distracted by clients peers students etc .
the xbox 360 only used dvd in a bluray world .
yes i know it was in the middle of the bluray hddvd war .
if only the dreamcast had come out one year earlier or had beefier internals it would have been fine .
when is it not advantageous to be a quick runner ?
i do n't know i liked it because the hornet looked cool .
my beagle club merseyside beagle club just broke the guinness book of records single breed walk with 1029 beagles !
the video at the bottom of their page is my youtube video .
jst saying my gpa is on a 4.0 scale not 5
i would n't be opposed to a 500 year lifespan assuming that semi-immortality would kick in at 25 or 30 not at 80 or 90 there 'd be plenty to do .
time feels different in sobriety than in other aspects of my life time wise .
i guess it because i focus a lot of time and energy on staying sober .
you are n't boring now you have a whole life story to tell .
one of my fears when i got sober was how boring life would be and like ... no .
it is boring to waste your life getting drunk and doing stupid shit every night .
for real the only reason souls games did n't have a pause button was because of the constant online element going on allowing players to pause at certain moments then taking that away when a online interaction happened would only be more confusing to newbies than those games already are
if bothers you so much just do n't use it and if you ca n't ignore the feature you have no right to complain about it
unfortunately your submission has been removed because your reddit account is less than a day old or your comment karma is negative .
this filter is in effect to minimize spam and trolling from new accounts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/notinteresting if you have any questions or concerns .
my favorite thing about the name though is the double entendre .
decent vice i have had danica danvice and after 1000 flies it still works like a charm
two bobbins it 's much more fun to tie when you do n't need to change thread every once in a while
2 scissors one with pointy head for small flies and one with serrated blade for hairs
start with 2 different colour threads black and white is my suggestion .
black is soft of fits for all '' thread colour and white can be coloured with sharpie .
for materials look up for patterns you would be mostly tying and then invest on decent not pro grade silver or gold materials .
at the beginning one does n't need to have every colour of dubbing or 3-5 different dubbing materials in different colours .
hares ear seal synthetic dubbing with basic colours black olive red will work in most cases and those can be mixed .
black olive and grizzly capes or hen necks and natural pheasant will work on tens if not hundreds fly patterns .
so my point is choose wisely less is more and if you got fly tying fewer that stays on then invest on better high grade materials .
i made that mistake that i overpurchased materials and later on was forced to sell bucketloads of obsolet dubbing/hair/feather/tinsel packets
there are thousands of banks in the us your experience might be refined to a few banks in your personal experience .
a large majority of banks do not do what you described as far as i 'm aware .
people complain and everyone responds lol he 's easy git gud .
i 'm still new to anything beyond super casual play and struggle with him look up advice find said posts and just feel terrible without learning anything
when did nino tell itsuki about her feelings toward fuutarou ?
40 hoto here 20 pammy 90 other james and if you got some ral`s supper
the targa is the most beautiful car one could own .
i feel like they missed a good opportunity to name it ralph wrecks the internet as opposed to ralph breaks the internet
and it came up with money and is not telling ypu where it came from .
there 's no point for full body now we got ta wait for west announcement then only we 'll know .
i walk all around my house with shoes on and sometimes keep them on until i 'm getting ready for bed .
admittedly my habit is not super common but it 's also common to not take them off at the door here .
a lot of people i know will take them off after being home for just a little bit or sometimes right after they get back but they often store them somewhere in the house that is n't right at the door and walk there first .
plus most people i know never remove their shoes if they 're over at a friend 's house .
the dog thing is something i 've actually never heard of people doing i do n't think .
i think people here usually just bring them back in .
banks in my country are n't criminals and do n't try to rip me off .
i love how people who use the word autism to refer to technical prowess have no idea what autism actually means .
i mean it 'd work for me so long as i get to be one of the 100k .
i 'd rather not have my internet facing proxy on the same vm as my qbittorrent which has to be routed through pia .
i was on the other side a few steps off center and away from where the wooden wall did not break on the impact point of the granade and yet i still got killed .
i figured that it might be one of those issues where you breach some window door or wall and either for you or for someone else on the match the barricade or wall remains intact while others can cross through it .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boneappletea if you have any questions or concerns .
... it has great practical value – you can wrap it around you for warmth as you bound across the cold moons of jaglan beta you can lie on it on the brilliant marble-sanded beaches of santraginus v inhaling the heady sea vapours you can sleep under it beneath the stars which shine so redly on the desert world of kakrafoon use it to sail a mini raft down the slow heavy river moth wet it for use in hand-to-hand-combat wrap it round your head to ward off noxious fumes or to avoid the gaze of the ravenous bugblatter beast of traal a mindboggingly stupid animal it assumes that if you ca n't see it it ca n't see you – daft as a bush but very very ravenous you can wave your woobie in emergencies as a distress signal and of course keep yourself dry with it if it still seems to be clean enough.
i contemplated removing this notification but i 'd recommend keeping it if you install shady apps especially from somewhere other than the play store like ac market .
how high off the ground should the mono tubs be ?
i 'm planning on building shelves to hold them all .
but was wondering can i get away with having them on the floor or should i put them on a table ?
once the shelves are built what 's the best height from the floor ?
the reason i ask is i have heard some say contamination lives closer to floor level .
i 'm planning on having an entire bedroom devoted to my tubs .
any ideas on best way to store a bunch grain bags that are colonizing ?
the walls and ceiling are covered in mylar and the floor is heavy black plastic over the hardwood .
it used to be my bloom room but i 'm switching gears now in the flooded green market .
the ss are mostly conservatives which is why so many people got across the white house lawn when obama was in office .
it can not make prequels any better simply because prequels are flawless as they are
that 's far cheaper than any other digital ccg .
that 's what matters and i very much doubt it .
yea dude they got ta nerf that i thought they said the grant no competitive advantages
wow this explains even more stuff all across the board literally lol .
you see i figured it came down to the back side of the board .
i guess it really does that but i also thought the sensor was there for the hot spot .
but it makes logical sense for it to be at the very center of everything in the middle .
this supports and demands a lot of good thermal paste .
i will add that i am running liquid metal and got a proper die and core .
so i guess filling up most of the gpu space and die with far too much paste in this case would allow more heat to escape from the card .
still though in thermal cameras the backside is fairly hot .
i am inclined to think that light air flow there would assist a bit .
your submission was automatically removed because your account is less than 3 days old .
please message the moderators so we can manually approve your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/marvelstudios if you have any questions or concerns .
best advice would be to watch as many 1v1 videos on johnnyboi 's channel as possible watch your replays and see what you can do differently in comparison to the pros .
generally the most important things are kick-offs sensible hits boost management and shadow-defence
been doing that for years what the fuck is step 2 ?
i think his unreasonable admiration for boruto will stop .
he will still admire him but wo n't be saying things like i want what boruto wants so i 'll eat and do the exact same thing as him '' .
hehe da bine zici a fost ceva isterie acu ' o vreme cu chestia aia .
dar n-avem de unde sti cum il chema nu e in nici o cronica .
do not confuse me i love hood but i 'm really frustrated not to have amagi yet .
sent the same amount of replies yet one of your words contained nearly as many characters they used .
my post-maternity leave resolution was to learn something new and i 've chosen critical thinking .
i 'm already a big fan of skeptics guide to the universe and my hubby bought their book for me for christmas .
your blog makes lovely bite sized reading which is entertaining too perfect for a new mum with limited time/attention span !
i do n't get what 's supposed to be accidentally racist here .
i 've actually got a xxl that is a little too big for me i kind of wanted to trade for an xl unfortunately i already have a navy blue one else i would trade with you
your obvious toxicity aside you 're right he never murdered anyone but his wikipedia page shows several attempts assaults assault with deadly weapons stabbings etc .
still a shit human being that does n't deserve the dirt he 's buried in .
i mean you say that but in this same thread people keep saying the wheel and western civilization was made on the backs of white europeans without whom we would be in the stone age because all the other races suck .
i think people use these kind of vague studies vague because we still do n't know what percent the genetics even matter to iq do n't attract the right people and are n't even that important for science as a whole .
potential pattern recognition at a young age does n't seem to be helping us discover things about the human gene more than it is fueling people from placing themselves above others and reinforcing that with violence .
every other fucking post on this sub is some asswipe being snarky shitting on the post or putting someone else down in order to try and feel superior and its fucking tedious .
i had a 80s rabbit put a 2.0t in gutted it out got it down to like 1500 pounds it had 180 hp it was stupid fast only down damm was trying to find tires that could put the power to the pavement
i do like chocolate flavored ones but strawberry is superior .
i tried looking it up but could n't find anything on it
as long as they 're readily available though i 'm certain they 'll still sell well .
but it 's a solid and proven gateway drug into liking anime and manga .
some of my favorite stories to date are told in that medium !
oh goodness i must be spent well over 100 easily .
also depends on what you 're playing and what cats you 're punting if you 're doing 9cat .
i figured there had to be some reason to ride it out other than pride .
i wonder if there 's a niche insurance company that covers government shut downs to help cover costs and keep the lights on .
i have seen what lurks in the depths but still they 're annoying early game
please delete and repost it with a more descriptive title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kickstarter if you have any questions or concerns .
frank and cb have hhad altercations and a fightback in the of days
be kind honest and smile and empathetic to the other person .
but you do n't need to be a citizen to live there long term .
i agree with a lot of your points i think the game is great but not perfect .
but if you think about it surely there 's reason you 've played through it 3 times .
blood storm into grasp of the starved in late game is pure bullshit .
i do n't know why you were only dealing 1.2k but if you get the right combo off it should be 7k damage to an entire field of enemies in one turn .
apotheosis blood sacrifice inner demon blood storm adrenaline grasp of the starved skin graft grasp of the starved
on standard you can get the same combo off but with one less grasp of the starved .
not to mention you 're healing for the damage you deal making you by far the tankiest mage class .
if you 're just playing necro like you play any other mage class where you cast spells and do damage then you wo n't get the full potential .
you have to play around the fact that you get 1 ap cost from standing in blood and that grasp only works when the enemy is standing in blood and craft combos around that .
if maxwell did n't wear sunscreen langer would drop him for not taking care of his skin properly
you can buy a bionic replacement with that money .
sorry to not actually be helpful here but i ca n't leave it be .
i want to hear the song by guy i like that would be dope .
well see that 's why i specified that i had n't seen the movie .
the odds of it being set in africa were pretty low lol .
it makes a lot more sense after reading that .
they 're in the land of iron a neutral state .
if they came across them knocked out they would either leave them or help most likely the former .
also she did n't try to join sasuke she tried to kill him admittedly she failed miserably .
it has humor but also some level of seriousness .
espacially the conversation between daniel and ma'chello at the end is pretty intense .
i need someone with no life who follows this and knows everything around this drama '' to give me some context so that i can read about it and the go on about my life .
ehh not really because the animals carry way more and dont require tools that break over time .
tell your friend that i had the exact same stats as he did applied at the same time and had a lot of ap classes .
as those elections have a first past the post '' system where some peoples votes do n't mean much it is n't that strange that more people voted in this referendum .
maybe this is on me but i just cant take vince vaughn seriously in the least bit
firstly that is an overly dramatic way of disagreeing not a respectful '' way .
that aside even with all the work put in it its my opinion that they should go with something that has a larger user base so it has more support .
heck we might be in luck from my perspective i am not a fan of star citizen but it turns out they are doing all the modifications to make cry engine be able to do double-precision floating-point which is a big boon to flight sims from what i gather .
hopefully this will lead the way in more game engines being more of an out of the box solution for high fidelity sim creation .
making more competition and also allowing more developers to create great sims with out having to learn a closed ecosystem used by one company .
also its not about getting the game engine and modifying it and sticking with that forever you want to modify it in ways that support other games and backport the changes in to the next version of the game engine .
help cry/unity/unreal update their physics and what not which can benefit most games in ways .
did you read my ksp comparison or stop at the word ksp ?
i did n't compare the flight model hell i did n't even compare ksp to dcs at all ... all i did was give ksp as an example of things a game engine can do .
edit this is just what i '' would want to do as per op question its not what i am recommend that dcs does ...
edit2 and before ksp came out i never would of figured any of the current game engines could do what it does .
oh.. would you look at that guess i was right .
i do n't even offend them when they hold on to the last building .
there was a z today who did that building hatcheries in every corner even after obviously being beaten .
i asked him whether he enjoys doing that he said yes .
i didnt respond just kept looking for them and eventually destroyed them .
although terence mckenna is pretty heavy stuff to try and pick up .
easing into his works via lectures would be the route i would suggest .
but either way it 's mckenna definitely check him out .
hi i second all the posts saying you should take free online classes .
if you do end up going the coding bootcamp route which is n't completely necessary and totally dependent on you/how you learn/your work ethic/etc .
i would highly recommend you look into the fullstack academy nyc tech talent pipeline wdf program .
full disclaimer i did go to fullstack but i was n't a part of this program i 'm not a nyc resident and i 'm currently working in ca .
the bootcamp is free for nyc residents as long as they commit to finding a job in nyc after they graduate .
i was n't a part of this program so i 'm going to end up paying the full 17k ' i did meet a lot of wdf students and they were genuinely some of the smartest hard working people i met at fullstack .
best of luck with whatever you decide to do !
palpatine through dooku was responsible for the attempt on padme‘s life .
he also suggested obi-wan and anakin be the ones to protect her .
continued to allow fett and zem to carry out the assassination and then fett goes straight back to kamino after the botch .
i would n't be surprised if palpatine was dex 's landlord .
the jedi found exactly what palpatine wanted when he wanted .
whether dooku was up to speed on the plan to that point i do n't know .
my lilith is similarly placed but i 've always had a hard time understanding it .
can you explain how you feel that your lilith placement affects you ?
well i 'd start with video that includes at least your whole upper body if you usually stand while signing then try to get the whole body .
the face is not so important because i can pretty much hear what your face is doing .
so from the side or the back is best .
i use my ipad and a sports app for drawing on video and it lets me see what i 'm doing in slow motion and it lets me draw reference points .
what i try to get across is that you need to zoom out and see the whole body 's position motion and attitude but that 's not actually what i teach .
i teach switching back and forth from focusing out to focusing in .
most people here and most vocal advice gets you to focus in so i just push in the one direction .
i 'd feel bad for not feeling good about heaven .
christ that blank face just bothered the hell out of me when i first saw it
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
there has been good detailed posts and i get that there is been unreasonable stuff as well the user outages had worked when valve removed the free prize play during beta
i think all the ones that people actually know about already have a logo/mascot .
i got mine for a steal needed a few cosmetic bits and neeeded a new alternator but it had an mot .
bare in mind it 's a solo not absidecar .
basically previous owner had recommissioned it sorta after it sat on its centre stand for quite some time .
it fast became a rolling project since owning it i have done quite a few bits like rebuilding the heads helicoiling the sparkplug sockets new rear shocks ultrasonic cleaned carbs new jets and gaskets in carbs new foot pegs new engine gaskets and finally it 's in the process of getting a new paint job .
nothing wrong with the original paint just had the chance to get a cost of materials only '' 2k baked paint job !
and out of nowhere bianca goes a break up in the third .
how did the petro engineer get into the investment management space ?
if it is n't private info do you mind sharing who he is ?
i always wondered how people raised money for funds without any sort of credential like the cfa and/or proven success in the field at an established firm .
it typically has something to do with whether the attorney was in possession of the former client 's attorney-client privileged information .
i know i can use the emulator but it 's not the easiest of interactions so i figured i try out an actual physical device .
i go during class time when there 's not many people so that kinda works for me there .
i 've been reading your comments and posts here since last year and i got ta say i 'm proud of you for being strong and hanging in there 3 trauma is never easy and i 'm glad things are working out for you .
as for the single aspect i 've personally found it much better to just cut annoying and weird people out of your life being like marie kondo oh and never bothering about the male species at all for us hetero girls folk .
i had a friend '' last semester and i 'm like does he spark joy to you nietz ? ''
and the little nietz army in my brain shouts nooo '' and so i drop that like it 's hot d i 'm also asexual so people be thinkin ' there 's something wrong with me when in fact i just prioritize my own happiness and love for science and cake over anything .
you almost wont ever see them since they occupy the top floor even when they are its booked so u cant join them either .
seems sometimes theres different rollout schedules for some products .
bounced about 15 times on the way in to dhoni .
look at who conor has beaten and try to say he was never a champ lmao .
such a stupid narrative this sub tries to push .
i imagine your autocorrect hamstringed you but privet is a shrub used for hedges 😁
r/tifu and r/writingprompts but i doubt they 're exactly what you want
i 've had rude customers but i do n't raise my voice at them .
i just do n't appreciate when people literally physically assault me and i will scream at them to defend myself and get attention to the situation .
most of my coworkers would have thrown it back at them or jumped the counter so i think i did pretty well all things considered .
then go to the store and flee change my identity and live like a hobo forever .
the lead recruiter at my contracting company called me and asked so many pervasive questions .
why did n't you tell me you were job hunting ?
she said it was unprofessional '' to take so much pto and the managers were concerned i was taking pto instead of asking .
she only makes unscheduled calls which i suspect is so her comments ca n't be recorded .
i 'm considering sending an email to hr about her .
the managers ' concern is valid but nothing else imo and her attitude was rude .
behind my camera is an imac which i use as my backup .
i have a relatively dull sense of smell so i dont taste flavors as much as i think other people do but the texture of ice cream is incredible especially when high
i highly doubt coal miners who refused reeducation are qualified to work on oil rigs .
those cyborg lesbian cannibals had to live together in hateful misery for years in the tundra after they started insulting each others eating habits until one was crushed to death for mining too far without support struts ... '' i 'm so sorry but i literally am shaking the bed i 'm laughing so hard and trying not to wake my wife up .
that 's probably the funniest and relatable rim experience ever .
glad i 'm not the only one having someone chop onions nearby while i read that book
do you mind if i ask if you 're ftm or mtf ?
i 'm curious which side you saw first i guess .
sorry if there 's a better way to ask and i just ate my foot
we have a bunch of 3-10 mil contracts for special teamers and role players that do well enough as players and are complete patriot way folks
hopefully this is n't an indication of the rest of the season .
i 'm a moderate conservative and i use this as an argument as to why i 'm a moderate who leans conservative .
i believe every woman should have choice and abortion if done properly can help but as somebody who has an infant niece and one who is going to be born in a few weeks i feel that after the first trimester or after it 's a fetus it 's murder and unless it was going to kill me or it was ectopic i would never go through with it even if i was raped or had to put my life on hold or take a second job .
babies are usually seen as these life enders but they 're more like speed bumps and you can either choose to have your car flip over and burn you to death or drive into the night .
personally i also feel this goes back to me and why i would n't get an abortion unless it was a last resort .
my mom had me a few months after high school so i knew that there were probably one or two people who called her a whore or saw me as a bastard whose dad skipped town .
but i found out recently that she was horrified when she found out and was going to abort me because she was horrified as to what my grandma would say .
she only told my aunt and her neighbor my uncles sister .
she was obviously disappointed but she did come from a generation where that was common her own mom dropped out at 17 to marry and raise a family and my mom could also get a job because she had a diploma .
years later nobody regrets that they did n't go through with it .
let 's just say that the episode of rick and morty where they watch cable is harder to watch now .
this is usually what i try to tell people .
we 're not at general ai yet and wo n't be for some time just because series of data objects can behave like neurons to tell you if a dog is present in an image does n't mean that same collection of objects is going to hack your wifi and use it to take over the government .
it 's just really good at being able to tell if a dog exists within a collection of pixels . ''
no you just killed 4 things at once doing a total of at leask 50k damage to each party member that only the tanks can survive .
imagine if rosie o'donnell was on the ship too .
in an effort to combat spam r/jewelers only allows for links hosted at i.redd.it reddit.com imgur.com youtube.com and youtu.be at this time .
please contact the mods if you wish to have your post reviewed for approval or repost your content using the previously mentioned hosts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jewelers if you have any questions or concerns .
why is everyone saying they subbed 😂 it 's a article you dumbcunts
anno was using 60 brain while the other 40 was pure depression
you must have not been to asia ... oc is huuuge plenty of room .
i just got back from hong kong and the amount of space oc has is massive seriously .
i like water a lot for drinking washing cleaning cooking .
if ur prioritizing staying alive and not going for high kills a passive play style will definitely be ur best bet .
do n't engage unless u have to although i do n't recommend this strategy because u wo n't improve very fast .
this segment was great considering it came full circle years later when eddie stole ric flair 's royal rumble number .
because at 380 kg dry there appears to be plenty to brake ...
so what you 're saying is our president who claims to be a billionaire ca n't afford decent catering ?
purposefully squandering a massive lead in order to paralyze parliament .
if you believe then that particular fuck up just feeds the narrative .
there is actually some lightning too in the tornados .
so the system is good enough or even fantastic for poor people but should n't be used by better off people ?
that 's up there with one of the worst videos i 've ever watched .
everybody knows that leftists ca n't meme because they 're too afraid of offending trees or whatever
if you have an issue with the example i gave what i can do since i have a bit of free time is make it more palatable just for you since you 're so special and important internet person .
mr x is a duterte supporter therefore mr x must be a genocidal megalomaniac mass murdering fentanyl patchin misogyist
mr is a noynoy supporter therefore mr y must not be such a super kind and cuddly person
i hope that these new examples make you happier because you 're so special .
i 'm sorry that was the first thing that came to my mind the cayman feels like it 's trying to reconnect or just afk .
glad you enjoyed the video though it 's the narrative i like the most .
she is choosing to give her attention to something other than you .
sounds like you have a clash in lifestyle choice .
you ca n't expect her to isolate herself from friends and family just cuz you want more attention .
not attractive qualities so maybe work on your approach before discussing this with her .
pack it up boys i reckon we 're cooked .
limiting freedom of movement allows businesses to play jurisdictions off eachother in a race to a bottom .
unfortunately your submission has been removed because your reddit account is less than a day old or your comment karma is negative .
this filter is in effect to minimize spam and trolling from new accounts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pcgaming if you have any questions or concerns .
just put together some aoe nukers and that 's it .
maybe you 'll have to change the team for a couple of floors or manual them but it 's fast .
i do n't connect the monitor to my computer it 's only connected to my ps4 .
is the only way to get the audio through the console by plugging in earphones into the ps4 itself ?
capezio were my first pair and the ones i loved thru the years .
eventually i knitted my own they fell apart and now my cat sits on the remnants !
lol take a look at discount dance supply they should have some good ones.start with shorter ones and see if you like them .
i eventually wore above-thigh lengths when i skated outdoors but i also danced .
sometimes it 's pointless to respond directly to an argument .
especially if it 's a non-argument in the first place .
elizabeth warren has had the indian dna claim hounding her for years .
right wingers are the only ones who bring it up and you know they do n't genuinely care about it it 's just an attack .
nobody who might be willing to vote for her gave a shit about it .
when trump made it an issue she responded with evidence pr treated it seriously and gave it a serious rebuttal .
it made her a laughingstock on all sides i 'm still embarrassed for her .
gets accused by a right winger of lying about her background because she grew up in an average home in an average neighborhood .
again nobody gives a shit about this except right wingers .
and right wingers do n't actually care they 're just shit-slingers .
she does n't take it more seriously than two tweets .
her response is simple tells a few minor facts about herself throws in a quick shoutout to the social mobility argument the line about zipcodes .
then she takes the opportunity to shit-talk a bit .
she does n't call up an economist to write a report analyzing the median income cost of living purchasing power of her zipcode to provide proof that she really grew up middle-class .
she does n't ask her childhood friends to give interviews with reporters to provide secondhand stories of growing up poor together .
it does n't stick to her because it was a non-issue to begin with brought up by bad-faith actors as an attack rather than as a genuine concern and her response is short simple does n't take it seriously and pushes her values .
or triple bronze to triple platinum upgrade after losing to bs in gauntlet
i do n't remember when betas were only out for a month because it never happened .
i 'm saying stop complaining about it all the time .
clogging up a sub with this empty complaining bullshit is annoying as high hell .
it 's been out for all of three months and everyone is back to i need more content or i 'm gon na burn my house down and blame the game company . ''
y'all act like r 's ripping your organs out because you have to wait for more content .
i do n't think their priorities were set on online until later in the dev game and they were like oh maybe our players wo n't be jackholes about it not being good yet .
maybe they wo n't annoy everyone else in the community with their tears . ''
there 's a line between giving feedback and straight up complaining .
considering the amount of seismic activity under antarctica im curious how much this contributes to it .
the only mental gymnastics i 've seen are people advocating for more totalitarian measures in canada to fight the evil chinese galactic empire .
like i said i 'm not going to play .
but we both know you 're so racist that you play mental games to justify your racism .
you literally think people in the ghetto enjoy being in the ghetto .
it 's actually sad how dumb and racist you are .
judging from the thread he 's also the guy who all his friends wish could stop talking and start listening just long enough to take a freaking hint .
why do you sit here and believe what fat virgin losers on reddit ?
... says the fat virgin loser on reddit too elitist to realize he 's insulting himself .
i think the shutdown and his inability to negotiate for the end of the shutdown just demonstrates clearly that he is either the most incompetent president in our country 's history or he is taking direct orders from putin 's government to exacerbate this shutdown for their political gains .
i 'm not ruling out that both are in play either ... i think his incompetence is what got him elected and approved by the russian government .
it 's a bit shocking how right hrc and her campaign ended up being .
about the ending i felt very good with it .
i said to aj to kill lilly and it felt amazing .
it just ... it 's just a fucking relief to end the big bad one like it was with carver and after seeing what happens if you spare her ... well it just makes me feel that it was really the right choice .
yes james will be upset but c'mon it 's better be upset than dead .
they have n't let me down with any representations yet
they have a very splotchy record when it comes to adapting villians .
half the villains in the movies are weird amalgamations of several different comic characters yellowjacket hela to name a few and the rest are severely altered variations of the original villains .
thanos and ultron are my favorite villains but the movie versions were nothing like their comic counterparts .
i fully trust them to capture the spirit of the heroes and faithfully adapt those characters while keeping true to the source material but they have n't shown they can/will do that with villains at all .
it 's in my previous post right by the text of the rosenstein memo recommending comey be fired and next to the link to the ig report saying comey was insubordinate as well as leaking information and lying about it .
lots of info shows that comey was dirty and deserved to be fired but you selectively ignore the parts that tell the story in favor of ten seconds of video taken out of context .
if the whole video is considered it 's a list of reasons not just one as you so dishonesty imply .
see the part where comey told the president in private on three separate occasions that he was not the target of an investigation even while the president explained about the negative cloud over his administration due to the media pushing the idea that he was is part of the dirty shit comey did .
why not tell the public he was n't being investigated ?
because it harmed his image it was intentional much like telling potus that he had this dossier with hookers pissing on him that was intended to cause pressure and right after that the media really picked up the story of the dossier a series of documents that comey would later testify were salacious and unverified yet he shared this with potus in an almost blackmail way .
that 's why comey was fired he was dirty as fuck .
like the two dozen other officials at the top of the fbi/doj who were fired or demoted or quit .
what is the model of your router and your network card ?
if you 're not sure about the network card please go into device manager under wireless adapters and its name will be listed there .
playing overwatch in full screen windowed no blinking/blurring so far freesnc working great .
how many comments do you have on this thread ?
it 's usually a two year course offered at a community college .
it you decide to not create your own system this is probably your best option .
robert scwalb worked some serious magic with this system .
i see that you posted a fucking awesome meme on r/pewdiepiesubmissions
i am an ai bot in this subreddit and my duty is to keep order and peace .
sometimes i can be wrong and if i am wrong please reply or downvote .
you can fix it by contributing to the code !
from left to right cadbury my chocolate tan mini longhair guinness my black tan mini longhair sissi my mother 's red tan mini longhair and penny my sister 's dapple mini longhair .
i wish i could see how it would look if i were behind you
yes the script can remain a bit problematic for some time .
rereading and copying the same text s over and over is probably sound advice roth li says so if i remember well .
of course the more vocabulary you know the easier it becomes to read words quickly
i learnt the script as an alphabet so i can at least vouch for the efficiency of this approach to me the syllabic approach and its hundreds of syllables seems to make things more complex than need be .
still i can see that some would prefer it since it highlights the combination of letters .
maybe try to stick to one approach for some time and see of it works for you ?
pretty sure a couple of the lines he said on tv were lifted straight out of idiocracy .
he came pretty close to saying something like mountain dew is what you crave or words to that effect .
hey you 're also the best friend that made the kf doodle !
do you understand that loopholes will always exist by definition of the word ... ..
idk bitching about a term you do n't understand and condescendingly telling every non cis white male who tries to help you that they are the ones who are wrong seems pretty alt-righty to me .
not to mention logging into that alt account to upvote yourself .
i think your only hope tho might be a cds or at a inline banks but even then i think much better than 2 would be hard to find .
there are better places or way to stash some money and make better than 2
i swear to god this response is the dumbest most infuriating thing i see .
my vegan girlfriend uses it all the time and it 's maddening .
anytime someone has conflicting views with her regarding using animal products no matter what they say it 's oh you 're getting riled up and upset because you know i 'm right you 're just guilty and trying to justify your terrible actions . ''
fucking no stacey they are n't they 're upset because you 're all up in their shit with your preachy nonsense .
just because someone ca n't take the time to worry about every single little fucking problem in the world does n't mean they know they 're doing wrong and trying so hard to justify it so they do n't seem like a piece of shit . ''
i can not stand when people think offering an explanation is just them trying to justify their behavior as if they need to .
edit on the flip side yeah i 'm aware some people do try to use excuses and justifications .
well yeah uh um well you do n't care about starving kids in africa '' etc .
you do n't need to make excuses or justify anything .
it looks like you 've posted something with a political theme .
please make sure to read and understand the rules of the subreddit before posting in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry i was in class most of the night but i can do that if you 're still up for it
she did her research and gave so many details .
are you specifically getting a portable air conditioner not an air cooler evaporative cooler etc but one with an outlet hose and a window kit so the hot air gets taken out of the place ?
it 's like he got a large and split it into two cups .
actually that 's not a bad idea as carnivals do n't really take a close look at those bracelets
true some of the episodes on the list are 2 parters .
thats why i always pour beer straight down without tikting the glass .
i find beer much more enjoyable when i do n't have a stomachache afterwards .
at worst it 's practice at best you 'll be considered when positions do open up .
i did something similar i sent my resume to a dozen places that i wanted to work at that did n't have open positions .
two got back to me for interviews and one decided to hire me anyways .
most likely the slide was put in place before they realised it burned kids and the cheaper alternative to replacing the whole slide was adding this contraption .
there 's no evidence that that 's what he was trying to do .
he was hanging out in nightclubs ran into the wrong crowd probably was sold on stories of doing business '' and making a bunch of money the whole time being set up .
i would n't assume that the chinese judicial system is the arbitor of truth .
annoying as fuck because it 's ruining my cruyffs goals to game ratio
if you could get on a fucking plane right now .
i hear it 's a bit of a wait for some reason .
hopefully they can build ships for everyone 's needs .
it 'll probably be a while though before things like that happen .
i think there are only two passenger ships right now .
not entirely sure on that i 'll just that out later since i 'm a little curious to what they have to offer .
submissions to r/comedycemetery that are similar to this one https reddit.com/r/comedycemetery/comments/ag3fuz with confidence scores
about dupebro https www.reddit.com/r/dupebro/comments/973sue/what_is_dupebro_how_does_he_work_and_how_can_i click here to do a reverse search http dupebot.com/search ? url=https i.redd.it/od36ocjpwha21.jpg
it has n't been my experience yet in the 2 years of clash royale .
mmm ok. maybe i was a baby too sherlock .
the paper also said there were premature ventricular contractions a wide qrs and a short rr as well as sinus hypotension 108 bpm it all got cropped out unfortunately
the real question now is—did melania spring for the double patty or the chalupa !
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
you specifically said they could just dig the dirt up with their hands. i 'm against it for many reasons .
two bigs ones are 1 no other mammal or animal or anything buried their dead like humans .
i think it would be more likely they eat their dead than bury them because some animals do eat each other ie momma bear eating cubs 2 the earth has layers .
it 's not just soft sand for 10 feet .
if they buried their dead they would need a big ass hole .
when you get to deeper layers the layers become harder and clay like until it eventually reaches a layer where water does not break it down meaning it would be hard stone .
good luck breaking up hard stone with your hands .
i totally did n't hide that in my ass '' drug dealer
either way i 'd still be down for a singles feud with them .
yeah until i see real grand master difficulty im still worried the ai will be shit tons of hp and a shit ton of damage dealing with little alterations to how dynamic ai is at end game .
but this is just based on everything ive seen thus far .
but im hoping for the best i just wish that theyd show some endgame gameplay so we can put it to rest .
i 'm down by the candy factory and it looks like there maybe have been an explosion !
sigh laws mean nothing anymore i 'll go get the 12 gauge
my brother died at 27 but because of how much he abused his body and how he died they could only use his corneas out of everything but he was at least able to help one person .
i may be in the minority but i dont think alien is a good nickname or very nice really
sorry u/danceman1021 but we do not see any evidence that the trade occurred .
the user you 're awarding karma to must have had a conversation with you in this thread .
we do this to prevent people from giving karma without any trading occurring .
ya but they do n't really discriminate with movies if its a few years old it gets tossed in .
if that was a bin of video games each would have a specific price is what i 'm getting at .
i do mostly to share and look at memes with people .
it 's a good way of connecting with people especially because it 's hard for me to reach out to my friends otherwise .
mine never went away but you might not even get them .
a lot just depends upon individual factors with your body and your pregnancy .
maybe but he 's still better than your favorite player .
if you 're going to buy a ps3 it 's better to buy the legacy disc too .
there definitely needs to be a better system of cleaning out the prisons .
obviously there are people that do n't belong there marijuana possession false accusations etc .
i 've been reading about those voices but never heard them .
that 's the only auditory hallucination i 've had my name being said right into my ear on four occasions while i was trying to fall asleep .
great question mate i only loaded 2 vgc 500 each the 3rd one was a random amount 494.18 1,506.03 11.85
the purpose is to avoid detection as much as possible as far as working with numbers like multiples of zeros and fives because obviously banks can get a pattern of your account when you always have those type of transactions vs random amounts .
dances awkwardly just sitting here forever lost in reddit watching jersey shore and crocheting 3
if you want to see the biggest idiot you know go look in it .
also thanks for breaking r9 again and cursing out a mod .
broncos fans what are the chances paradis actually hits fa ?
holding this one is a definion that handles acquision financing and franchising .
eso finance works as an acquision is buying a majority or as an owner of a business enty whether it is experiencing a financial crisis or not .
financing or financing works to provide financial assistance to a business based on the dra proposal offered to eso management and the management team will observe and review feasibility .
franchising is collaborang with merchants who want to develop business to various cies or regions .
yeah but i think too much attention is mixed .
like if somebody with a bad community attracts those people into this community .
i love that so many people help army by spending a lot of time translating for us but it 's time big hit invests in translators for their global audience !
you 'll get caught up in the '' not you can count on us ''
thank you for your submission but it has been removed due to lack of context .
please find include a url or a screenshot so that we can better know what you 're talking about and increase your chances for getting an answer .
please remember to include the full url url shorteners do n't count .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/outoftheloop if you have any questions or concerns .
extra credit stop clowning around and discuss the topic of the thread instead of name calling .
i wo n't call you names either way but you may earn an iota of respect .
you really missed that discussing the topic of the thread '' was the entire point and theme of my original comment ?
how does shifting discussion over to criticizing the left '' as was your aim achieve that exactly ?
i got ta hand it to you you 're sinking a lot of effort into defending a trump supporting troll .
it 's not easy to completely miss this many points from multiple people .
you 're so focused on attacking me over name calling '' that apparently only you can see as is even pointed out by other users that you 're providing one hell of an example of ca n't see the forest for the trees '' .
you seem willfully ignorant to the breadth of meaning that can exist in the english language .
you 're using song lyrics to show/insult me '' in some bizarre act of hubris .
somehow you think that pop-culture references give you a win ?
you have n't caught onto a single point that myself or others have lobbed your way and you still think there 's something to be won here when literally no one has commented in support of your side '' .
i 'm not the one worried about an iota of respect '' judging by the albeit limited reaction from other users .
i 'm responding because this has gotten coincidentally hilarious .
you 've actually brought up a mis-labeled reference to the cochran-mantel-haenszel test !
wtf were you trying to achieve with that reference ?
using big words in an attempt to sound smarter so the name-caller '' online would stop warning people to not waste their time with trump supporting dummies ?
i really want to know how you think that particular test is relevant !
do you even know if that test is still commonly used these days or were you throwing out some vocab you remember from an undergrad course ?
i 'm also pretty confident that i 'm distantly related to william cochran not that it 's relevant and i 'd have to double-check hence my hilarity .
go ahead and explain the statistical reasoning you 're employing .
use as high a level vocabulary as you want i assure you i 'll know if you 're making sense .
if your above responses are any indication you 'll succeed in sounding like you 're in way past your ability in some sort of dunning-krueger on steroids spoiler you are .
for the record i 'm down-grading you to white-knights for alt-right trolls '' .
edit believe it or not i tried to be nicer .
i 've read your other posts and comments and still ca n't figure out why you think you 're doing anything useful here .
i does n't seem like you 're normally quite this dense .
i think i 'd have a check of a night and watch sportcenter tomorrow
you could green vast areas of desert using distilled seawater make huge amounts of food or building materials and sequester a bunch of carbon while you 're at it .
thank you for the reply but you really did n't answer the question .
i 've been doing research and i 've heard numerous people recommend this amp .
my orange i 've got is solid state and i 'm wanting something that can do more sounds .
edit i did some research and found out how good that thing sounds i 'm getting one .
put '' on either side of the sentence like so
as a reminder the comment rules are listed in the sidebar .
if you see a comment or post that breaks the rules please report it to the moderators .
this helps keep the subreddit clear of rule-breaking content .
if this post is not bullshit and needs an explanation of why it 's not bullshit report the post and reply to this comment with your explanation which helps us find it quickly .
and of course if you 're here from r/all or r/popular do n't forget to subscribe to r/quityourbullshit !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/quityourbullshit if you have any questions or concerns .
saw this and thought you meant an anime body pillow
ok as a 15 year old kid born into age of the internet and ipods shit like pac man is still amazing to me .
how can you look 17 and 52 at the same time ?
you can see the complete video here on youtube https youtu.be/7lkzjmyvrmk ? t=123 .
it makes it pretty clear that the snake was yawning and decided it wanted to take an exploratory nibble of her underarm .
the gif version was posted to another subreddit but linking it here would be a rule violation .
good thing i wore my good luck thong ! !
lost the horse i 've owned for seven years .
my grandfather gave it to me after my grandmother was diagnosed with dementia and could n't take care of it .
my leo died january 3rd from a fast growing tumor .
i ca n't even be mad anymore i just laugh .
the game has quite the learning curve to begin with and the dlc will just make things too complicated if you 're new .
latest weight on your competitor entry page http btfc11.rohitnair.net/competitors/warren-peace .
w ! tharja is a bitch to get for some reason
also i love whatever move that little one is doing ...
as my econometrics professor would say your mother is a fact your father is a hypothesis . ''
well he was a music producer so he was probably doing a lot of that ‘80s coke .
wow you have master nofap.i will surely hit 1000 days too .
toxic pmo can not stop me from now on .
you know he doesnt have proper control when he goes for the hits on the ground .
it did n't seem to fit character to me and felt way too forced .
one thing i will never like about s3 was how bellamy 's girlfriend gina was just thrown in there for 2 episodes without any real character development only to be killed as a way to make bellamy switch sides .
i liked pike though so not going to complain about that plot .
i despised clarke for the entire season octavia was odd feeling but i get her reasons indra did n't strike me as indra at all and do n't even get me started on clarke 's mother .
i feel like clarke did n't really play any important role for most of the season but instead was just annoying because of protecting madi instead of being the badass we 've been used to .
your post has been removed due to being a google search result .
if the post is a news story please repost with an actual source .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/floridaman if you have any questions or concerns .
tbh i forgot she existed by the time i beat the game
you can easily remove it from your screen by clicking the x .
i do n't know if it 's fixed or i got lucky .
got ta create a scenario for banks to attack rousey after
https github.com/birkir/hekla this could easily be ported to apollo for reddit clone .
there is n't a gap in the market to compete with boost and apollo .
never had more than a 40 minute wait in vancouver and about bc .
race the sun is a replacement gwg for wrc6 in the korean store https www.xbox.com/ko-kr/live/games-with-gold
so in the event you missed it if you go to https www.microsoft.com/ko-kr/p/race-the-sun/bs32dzlxbq02 do not let it redirect you to your local shop you should be able to grab it if you missed out nov 15th dec 16th when it was free worldwide
i was in the market for an electric vape .
i wanted one that i could use through a bubbler not super expensive but with a decent capacity .
i was looking at some vape review videos on youtube and came across one https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=javkxm-kbka has_verified=1
the cf was one reviewed here that fit my budget and my needs .
when i first got it i was not happy .
stock airflow sucked but a little research fixed the problem removed stock screen and started using the dosing capsules for the cloud evo .
i sacrificed some bowl capacity but i still get two sessions out of one cartridge .
i 'd only used an m before so was not used to the slower vapour production of a session vape such as the cf .
the high kind of sneaks up on you instead of hitting you between the eyes like the m. i get just as high eventually but it is a different experience .
it is excellent through a bubbler even at the highest heat setting .
i only use high heat for the bubbler but tone it down to 375 direct .
i only use a vape at home and mostly in the afternoon or evening so while the cf is reasonably stealthy that was n't really a consideration .
neither was having a large battery capacity for group sessions .
the battery lasts maybe 3 sessions and are not removable .
i 'll be happy with a replacement instead of a refund .
i did n't know it was legal to forgo the stick .
i 'll hack it down later if it ends up being too lengthy .
i 've realized that i can sort of tolerate colton when he 's interacting one on one with the women .
something about him in a group setting is turning me off though .
what about those of us who were n't able to but have either taught themselves or had the botox injection ?
do we answer like we would have before or should we not take the survey ?
i 've known people who kinda match this discription pretty well .
as much of a shitty situation it is it 's not fair that they put responsibility on their friends when they 're responsible for their own mental health .
i 've found that it 's never a good idea to feed their pursuit of attention it always ends with going down a rabbit hole that nobody likes to be in .
the only thing that i 've found works to deal with these kind of people is to either distance yourself as you 've been doing or plainly admit to them that you 're not a psychologist and if they want to get better they need to take responsibility and make strides to get better on their own volition
espn please stop using these terrible alternate camera angles .
there is a reason houston downtown has a underground tunnel system with stores and restaurants .
so the office workers do n't die of heat exhaustion going to lunch in the summer time !
how about having full length conversations on a helicopter ? !
when i missed jtr 's 3rd event by a week i spent the next 6 weeks saving up her gear and zetas .
when i got her she went straight to g12 with 2 zetas .
i 'll be doing the same for revan and highly recommend you do the same .
knowing the timetable helps for this though so you know you have time to replace a stun gun or 2 .
you wo n't miss out on anything before level 35 .
the only advantage you could possibly give yourself before then would be if you bought either of the expansions as these would allow you to create a character of the au'ra race .
donna summer 's music totally makes this scene i agree
i just started talking to this girl and we snap chatted back and forth all weekend so i 'm in a similar situation .
i am emotionally available to my parents because my siblings do n't realise that older parents have emotional needs from their kids .
just put in the replacement board it lit up just plugged in before i booted up
lol the update goes through he 's wearing thor armor and is even more unstoppable .
i just realized that it came out in 2000 and has a sequel split that came out in 2016 .
the gravity crushing ed 's ankles was bad sure but it was mostly a natural thing .
ildis being made to put his hand in the sauce was living people being cruel to other living people and i think in general that 's always more brutal .
but the reason he made himself ceo of tesla is that it was being managed into bankruptcy no offense to the firm 's two visionary founders they were just unprepared for the job .
they thought they could oem everything and just slap it all together into a car easy peasy .
as elon put it at the time he had invested 70 million in tesla so he needed to have both hands on the wheel .
it 's most likely dependent on the state so there might be some where it 's illegal for that reason i would n't doubt it
it was an old card a friend gave to me yesterday and i really dont feel like putting that much work into it .
i have gtx 760 i use mostly but its not suppored in lightroom anymore and wanted something that gave a boot screen too .
why would we believe that him copying shows that he does n't have his own tactical abilities .
that 's why they often start as assistant coaches .
thinking that coaches come up with tactics out of the blue is ridiculous .
you find the tactics that you like and then you try to master it .
it 's only after you have internalized that system that you build your own identity .
it 's not easy to copy a great coach .
it takes lots of skills.fergie honed his skills over a very long time .
you are not going to play like him just by copying the basics .
actually this shows how good a tactician he is because he can copy such a legend .
he is fergie 's pupil so why does anyone expect him to play differently ?
i 've had the exact same experience while trying to finish book 3 .
one suggestion someone had on another thread is to just skip the melba chapters apparently you can still figure out the plot .
after reading the comments here i 'm going to push thru and finish it so i can start reading the later books .
hey not even a question or anything but just wanted to let you folks at c f know that i 'm super super excited for the podcast and a massive thanks for all your work !
ca n't wait to hear the final product soon i 'll be listening from coventry in the uk by the way just to give you some scope of your reach haha i 'm sure there 'll be plenty of other listeners here in the uk too
it would n't surprise me if it did happen .
drew still need revenge for him and his 3mb brothers from a few years ago on brock ... ..
i like to imagine plant fans are downvoting you .
there is no getting things out of the way '' .
developing a career much like the process of acquiring a college degree is an ongoing never-ending effort that will demand your focus troubleshooting and exploration over and over again on a daily basis until they day you retire or die whichever happens first .
the real money starts coming in a few years into working full time and after a few more years you 'll reach that age where many companies will flip employees over to younger blood to save money and get more productivity.. life is challenging ... there is no 'taking it easy ' ...
based on your post alone it sounds like you are coherent and eloquent enough to pursue and acquire any degree you put your mind and heart into .
the hardest part of college is not necessarily the studies themselves.. it 's often the motivation and schedule and consistence required that causes most college students to drop out ... yes.. more than 50 of students who start college will drop out before getting a degree .
swish it around in your mind and then decide whether you 're ready and willing to hold on a course for at least 4 years .
the more studies and more diplomas and education you get the smaller the pool of competitors you will compete with .
this means higher pay and better quality of life .
that depends on the type of college you go to .
community colleges are different to county and state colleges and different to iv league schools .
you should do something you are interested in ... if this is what interests you then go all the way in and commit to the 4 years .
just.. put your bird on healing stance or tell people to if you see the shouts .
i think people are really expecting too much from boogie .
he 's going to have limited minutes lower usage and may not play back-to-backs all regular season .
and also that she was with him before he was fit '' who knows what that even means .
also he brought the cuck home for dinner first .
that 's so horrible he 's a pos human being .
i may be fat but you 're an asshole and i can lose weight . ''
i do n't think she was in that scene ... i thought booth was the accused witch .
the badge seems to stick around even after you cancel it
we do n't speak about nootropic club to anybody .
i do n't guess i 'm familiar with rituals found in job ...
even failing it makes for a great warmup cause a lot of other stuff feels easy after flying at 24 njs .
i did n't study a ton though i took it back before it was rescaled .
i studied maybe a week then maxed quant on both of the practice tests i took which at the time a perfect quant was only like 85th percentile .
i would probably study more now since it 's been rescaled .
i remember people rushing to take it before it was changed away from the 800 point scale .
really liked 6 had a hard time going back to 0 and k1 with the old engine .
in fact 6 probably drawn me to the series the most the level of immersion was just incredible .
on k2 now so far so good its like 0 's level of content with 6 's engine best of both world .
there is no discussion broader than the environmental discussion at least not in any way that 's humanly relevant .
it encompasses the entire planet every aspect of our existence on it and much more besides .
you can not isolate the human from the system there is no disconnect which separates us from the rest of the earth .
i want to find a girl who loves me as much as you love dion lol
i 'm old so my story was from way back in the summer of 1984 on the campus of iu in bloomington in .
bobby knight was coaching the olympic basketball team that year of course and tryouts were taking place at the hyper on campus could n't get in there though to watch .
bobby cut charles barkley and john stockton kept steve alford though of course as alford played for him at iu .
anyway a friend of mine and i were down there for a bit that summer with his older brother who was going to iu then my friend and i were still in high school though and he was staying on campus that summer in his off-campus apartment so we went down to spend a few days with him on campus that summer .
while we could n't get into the hyper to watch them hoop we along with many others did see them on campus in the huge iu student union while they were relaxing on some of those nights .
i remember seeing mj there in the union but this was before he was the mj of the pros of course as he had n't yet played in the nba his rookie season with the bulls was that coming fall so he 'd not yet hooped in the nba only at n. carolina .
many of the players were hanging out playing billiards bowling and such in the student union there on campus .
now none of these guys were nba players yet as pros did n't yet play for the u.s. olympic team and i get you were asking about encounters with nba players .
well we were able to say hi good luck and things like that to several of them for a few minutes and that was it but all of those dudes became nba players .
you 're right she has n't lost but she seems to be ok with losing .
you got to build a monster before it gets beat .
i think i started really doing it when i was like 11 .
my parents bought me the ipod air that was lso cool back then lmao and i remember i used to listen to music for hours and hours .
from then on i 'd always drift away to my daydream whenever i listen to music .
i 've always thought it was normal up until i knew about the term md .
i think what really triggered this was the fact that i was a victim of bullying back in middle school .
i 'd go home feeling extremely sad and daydreaming was a coping mechanism for me .
it looks like you 've posted a premise or a question .
for future reference showerthoughts are almost exclusively conclusions and should not be what if ? ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it 's reasonable to not want to pay full price in a game when you 're only interested in one mode .
trump does n't have the intelligence nor the self control to hide a secret like that .
ten minutes after receiving the info he 'd be on twitter mocking graham with a childish nickname .
ok let 's try this one more time because this is important .
if it 's 2:00 on a saturday afternoon and you have the afternoon to yourself what is it that you would want to do ?
i do n't ever want to see this especially after yuu sayaka confessed .
i do n't think the story needs this and in my opinion it would be against touko developpment if she just do the play again it 's not interesting and her just oh i do n't remember so i 'll never get over my problems since i forgot it and im a new person '' would n't be good .
you sure they did n't just mean the player was from south boston https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_boston ?
anna is a lovely human too ... she used to frequent the same bars as i back in the 00s of montreal .
i 'd do that too but my bride-to-be would uninvite me .
if it is needed then your future employer should have it .
the onus should n't be on you to buy resources required to do your job .
on a side note your local dot will likely have tons of these resources but i am willing to bet it is almost never used unless you are assigned to develop a new mix design or researching a new paving mix .
designers just tends to use pre-approved mix designs to save time and cost .
if you 're unable to conduct yourself in public in an acceptable manner that does n't cause a scene you need someone with you who is capable .
my brother has severe schizophrenia and i would never put him in such a position .
i have that monitor tested it with the pendulum test and kingdom come deliverance for 3 hours .
half of the time they do n't even know what 6in really looks like
his attention to detail is not there on both sides of the floor
i tried to sell a pin that was in the shape of a bullet and they took it down or selling ammunition .
i emailed support told them it was called a pin in the listing and in the pics you can see it 's a pin .
in the email back told me there is no way to verify if this is a prop or real ammo so we can not allow it to be posted
after this i got an email from mercari asking me to rate the app .
he has n't been as one dimensional this year but on 3rd and 8 when you really need a first down i 'd probably rather have the other guys .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
here 's a list of games that are included in this package
my ex wife left me a lil less than a year ago and i 'm still recovering mentally and physically from the stress
they probably thought he was going to serve mcdonald 's again .
this and bikes always drive more slowly due to rain compared with cars .
if you dont take this in account you should not have a license .
wraith and sloppy is not a nurse or machine huntress .
if you have any game over 30 min you are either getting body blocked in the basement or it 's a standoff .
longest game i had was an hour only cause we all decided to hide and not do anything until the killer dc'ed or found at least one of us .
edit thought he meant wraith and sloppy is op .
peyton getting way too much offense on becky ... and man lacey looks ridiculous watching that tv at that angle .
i 'm going to go on this little rant that no one cares about and still watch the full two hours because i literally have nothing better to do with my life '' u/sjhill87
you can also do it yourself by exporting your deck to a text file and adding the desired cards then importing it back .
it takes a few minutes for transactions to confirm .
much faster than the 36 hours it takes for a credit card transaction to hit the merchant 's account .
trump has made a pretty big deal about wall vs fence so we should really stick to that distinction .
do you have a source for these 15 years of support for a wall explicitly ?
i 've heard of support for a fence or border infrastructure couched in other bills but trump 's wall is essentially pat buchanan 's wall which was laughed at by democrats from the 90s on .
oh yes i 'm not old enough to have done it when it came out but my mother had an atari and adventure so one of the summers i saw the easter egg and wanted to try it out myself
all electronics have a two year warranty in eu countries wtf are you on ?
i 've watched probably a dozen full playthroughs of the dark souls series but i 've never touched the game myself .
i basically know all the maps forward and backwards by now .
i 'd rather just watch somebody else do it though
ok never mind i just realized i have to edit the piece before i set it down and then it stays thanks me d
it has a huge ass damage fall off it 's not really a problem tbh
hey man i understand you do n't see too many nice shots in beer league so i do n't blame you for thinking this is actually bar down .
thank you i do n't know why they do that but dendoncker also had high stats last season .
for cm there are many alternatives i do n't know why so many people are still chasing eriksen .
there are at least 10 cms with better stats than eriksen in epl ...
eifert with 3 now surprised painter is n't keeping him in
that would be awesome if i could fly fast horizontally .
for some reason i can only fly and fall fast vertically .
how about you just make an original horror movie ? ?
at the very least adapt a good book that has n't been done before .
i 'm not sure a child would necessarily be capable of critically evaluating everything they are being taught .
to me the bigger question is whether the teacher has critically evaluated what they are teaching .
i 'm not sure i would have liked to know that santa claus did n't exist or the secret behind every magic trick .
lmao with this shitty quality they may as well go jack off to the anti-bullying poster
i think it 's more of what is added to the meat than the meat itself though ...
was going to go to er but i just did n't have it in me to wait there all night get babysitter etc .
just going to get scan tomorrow..not like much will change until then .
i believe i once went to a coinstar the coin sorting machines at our grocery stores that usually take a cut but do n't for this and put the money in a rixtie account/gift card which i then used for kol .
if you have coinstar there or similar it could be worth looking into .
you can like hear his pr team talking about ways to improve his brand .
yeah so basically what happens with a pixie is that it shows off whatever face shape you have so theoretically anyone can pull off a pixie as long as they like their face shape good news for you you have what we call an oval face shape which is like the most perfect shape most runway models have to have oval face shapes if you want leave the bangs a little longer at first so you have something to play with then you can always shorten them up like in the picture !
how do you define serious harm '' and benefit common publick '' ?
it was n't a shotgun pistol it was a very high damage pistol only meant for downing enemies now its gon na be harder for her to injure enemies since its weaker
same spot he pulled up for the game winner against dallas
what makes me mad is swt was telling everyone it was disney who claimed it till his newest video released
because then bigots wo n't watch your news and advertisements .
how about homeless people are homeless because they ca n't afford homes . ''
although bummed they started filming after i moved away so that i could n't run into them filming 😭
so that 's what we drew up outta the timeout .
i agree with your stance if ddg wants to maintain its reputation as the engine that does n't track you they ought to keep as far from apple as they can .
that oppo was n't as easy as some thought imo
i 'm not curious enough to put that in my google history ...
i was definitely really calm when she told me .
is this not just a shitty version of double elim ?
i 've made it to 2,053 m/s https i.imgur.com/anlpsch.png .
wistia could protect their videos and not many would care but youtube is never going to protect their stuff from youtube-dl .
understand that if it has a mouth it has a tongue and if it has a tongue ... it can blep
her body double from the walk of atonement will be back so lets see where this goes
it 's okay that it 's not movie quality .
that 's immediately what i thought when i saw it
could be because you applied at a point when fall grades are already out ?
so they 're wondering why you did n't submit your fall grades ?
if they 're there i guess they just want them .
i 'm late to this party and did n't see it but ...
not intriguing at all to me lost my interest pretty quick and i really wanted to love it !
good point about figuring out what technologies my dream job is using .
i 'm thinking more and more that i wan na go into the educational technology field but i 'm unsure of where to begin with that .
i guess a good starting point is yes figuring out what tech they use in that field and going from there .
please read the rules and guidelines in our sub wiki https www.reddit.com/r/survivinginfidelity/wiki/index before commenting .
abuse shaming sexism and encouraging violence/revenge are not tolerated here .
if your only advice is 'divorce ' 'dump them ' ýour so sucks ' or 'grow a backbone ' then please do n't comment .
this is a sub for deeper support and discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/survivinginfidelity if you have any questions or concerns .
damn it i hate it when i do n't have a dirty computer .
my old ass almost stroked out laughing at this .
and over here in ca i 'm like nope with light rain .
who else can grant status ailment resistance increase aside from mystea and the jade moon pendant that i did n't craft ... ?
i have 7 zarg but his protection is limited .
i 'm currently debating whether i want to pull for at least 1 folka considering the fact that jp players really like her which sucks because i thought i can easily skip this banner since i have 7 ayaka rem and yuna .
in my opinion the match was one of the best there has been in the last few months .
only problem was that the match was ruined by the ending with celina interfering with the match .
using this logic should n't the commercial not target men but say these as goals for every person ?
if the commercial can drill down its message to a smaller group then should n't the same pass be given in his hypothetical ?
key phrase up to that means if it 's 10/10 with scales he 'll pay 350
ooo ca n't wait to see alfred 's 6b mostach/goatee combo
where did all your old posts go ? ? ?
ffs the motherfucker built his own airport from the amount of money he made
the video made it seem like it 's my responsibility as a male to stop it in america and that women are helpless .
i 'm not too butt hurt about it but it 's an absolutely stupid stance from a razor company to make .
i 've dropped off some crazy stuff at goodwill before but it kinda depends on your local store and what they will take .
you might try partnering with some local charity trying to provide job skills for people .
they can post it online and try to sell it so you do n't have to .
it does n't stop the force from being this mystical thing
in the ot obi-wan and yoda never bother to check luke 's midichlorians instead they train luke how to tap into the force to feel it in the universe around him how to clear his mind of worldly concerns and attachments in order to experience it on a deeper level .
they do n't care if he 's strong or weak they care that he can open himself up to the force so they train him to resist the dark side and follow the tenants of the jedi order .
we do n't need a scientific explanation as to why they can do this we can just accept okay he 's force sensitive so is leia han ai n't . ''
and it 's not throw-away they bring it up quite a few times .
we have a vendor that we were forced to use on a project that is fast-paced and they dragged their feet getting their product approved .
finally after months of this going back and forth because they were n't paying attention to the details and the owner of the project wanted an update after asking them 5 times on the 6th request i cc 'd in the entire owner group and everyone with the vendor i had an email address for and our managment team and drove the bus right over them .
the owner after getting the email listing the history of negligence of this vendor called them and started a bon fire under them .
they have mildly improved by because they took so long the project could be delayed and i bet they get a nasty-gram for it from the owner .
that means that all the androids you 've used did n't have better battery performance than all the iphones you 've used .
does n't prove that the phones with the best battery performance are iphones .
if it opened to block cake doors would make a little sense .
that 's great you 're seeing .5 on the pips in your office but generally speaking pips are n't intended for improvement they 're cya for the organization .
i would guess around 95 of people do n't make it lot a pip and if they do their immobilized .
voice acting is hard too the screams and grunts along with selling compelling dialogue .
i was a sonya main so this is disappointing but i guess i 'll wait to hear it
i 'm originally from arlington and should be making a trip back over the summer .
as a black man i think linking up with you would be pretty satisfying for both of us .
i think you 're confusing offended and mad they mean two different things .
this has been really fun to watch you guys short circuit .
back in my drinking days i did online college so i got to drink as much as i wanted .
you have until 01/16 10:47 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20190117t034758 .
it 's 1st and 10 on the idaho state 36 .
u/azhawk reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' agdinu ''
do none of us remember how many iterations that project went through before coming to the box office ?
this thing is going to be another 20 years in the making if it comes out at all .
impressive how overbuilt they made it wasting precious funds that could 've been used elsewhere ...
it ai n't hard to overbuild something it 's hard to build something that just barely does n't fail .
edit hurr durr but if it does n't bweak it must be designed well ?
i 'm going to have to agree with xsiah .
as i 've always known it a choosing beggar will ask for a very specific version of a generic thing and wont take anything but that and act like it 's almost an insult or an inconvienence if you offer something slightly off their standards .
for example a beggar might ask for a phone for whatever reason .
a choosing beggar is going to ask for a specific model usually high end with certain features they like simply due to their vanity .
in that regard yeah most of these posts are just rude people/normal beggars but every now and then you find a real true blooded choosing beggar .
my brother puts tomato sauce on steamed dim sims that already have soy sauce on them .
also my friend 's brother will only eat spaghetti served like this spaghetti plain cooked mince tomato sauce .
wired really reaching to the bottom of the bucket to find some drivel to fill up their weekly article quota .
we all know trump owns this but as an infant all of his ownership rights get transferred the next adult in line .
either ask steal them back or steal one of hers .
i wear an xl she said i would n't fit in a women 's medium .
i 'm at the podium ready but ca n't bank as the game is taking 5 seconds to register they 've blocked and then remove the bank and then spawn everything .
in that time i get qbb/sniped/lmgd despite being there in time visually .
the frequency of invasions especially by a single player .
a bad teammate that takes it to die instantly or a strong player on the other team that only invades is frustrating to deal with .
a restriction would be nice whether it give you a cooldown upon returning or something .
i 'd also appreciate a visual timer that tells me when the portal is off cooldown i.e .
hit 25 invade hit 50 while still invading returns waiting .
extension of above i 'd probably prefer 80 mote rounds with invasion at 40/80 .
sucks when you 're already behind and their unbroken comes over
some games feel like they have solar burn on and you get shredded round 1 at max light makes power feel trivial and the mode rng
climbing 15 ranks takes forever and there 's like 5 gambit weapons .
only felt worth doing when tied to a quest or the original grind because the weekly was such a big boost and we had 100 levels to go .
i feel like the vision is enough the overshield is obnoxious especially when light level difference gets factored in too .
i just hope somebody over there will do what is right .
if paul who wrote most of the nt says that people who pervert the gospel are under a divine curse then surely i can call those who pervert gospel disgusting '' .
red mage 's scatter usually takes care of packs just fine .
i managed to start racking up 3-4 kills in a dual cast window and swap back to blm have all of them count .
managed to get a nice 9 chain in nt that reset every 30 seconds .
i guess you do n't know that cuts from a sharp knife heal faster ?
or was that the point you were trying to make ?
a blunt knife tares the flesh making healing much harder and taking longer .
i mean it would only be logical that you could remove seeds he asks you why and now there 's a good reason
it 's probably low priority for all the things riot has set up tbh .
we have literally never heard about any form of new client for years now aside from small bugfixes .
a couple of my favorites are what is your favorite quote ? ''
and if you could suddenly be fluent in any language what would it be and why ? ''
i would be the whole marketing/events operation but it is a 'coordinator ' position .
it 's a small management team with 4 people total .
i 'm still a green bean in the workforce but this is by and far the most i 've been asked to produce and it seemed excessive .
easy fix for that make dark '' mode the default .
i 'm in my late 20s and these light '' skins make me want to off myself .
ugly af '' as the kids say nowadays and harder to see .
too bad you use political shenanigans the same way all your other colleagues do .
you can make stuff just as good as my bowhead whale with a little more practice !
yeah i am pretty sure he has a very good understanding of the plot too ...
my teenage son and his friend brought fireworks back from arkansas in their carryon bags about 10 years ago .
during a drag queen christmas she sang rhiannon live and said this is for my witches
if the bulls played that hard for any 1 of the 4 quarters they would have won this game easily
they do n't seem to let their minds get bogged down by overthinking break grass growth patterns and other conditions .
never spend cc on master pack banners and if youre f2p try not to spend on ust either
with a bit of repetition you 'll do those with your eyes closed .
i was struggling with it for a bit as well at the start .
start taking note of what 'age your combos are valid until on what weight of characters etc .
tech in online i 've never had consistency with because of ping varying from match to match so imo that 's a crapshoot .
they keep your legs warm on those cold hoth nights .
your example of a 14 year old male sex abuse victim is a perfect example of toxic masculinity that pervades society .
just look at the comment sections of these articles from men saying man i wish she had been my teacher ! it 's about imposing these weird sexual norms on young men at an early age .
toxic masculinity says these boys should be happy they were molested by an older woman .
toxic masculinity says that a boy ca n't be sensitive or vulnerable .
and it 's toxic masculinity that says your feelings do n't matter .
i doubt any of us drivers will be able to help you .
read the book and come to your own conclusions .
full meals three times a day and snack shelves that resemble what you 'd see at a convenience store whenever you want .
the food quality is ehhh but i 'm not about to complain .
but it does describe the observable statistics of having a higher chance to have education get less years in jail for similar crimes commited by people of color be of higher socioeconomic class and many other things .
now that does not mean that this statistics are a direct cause of a secret conspiracy against people of color the statistics originate from pre-set cultural differences previous wealth that has been inherited past history where whites were favored and geographical issues inner cities with higher crime and lower educational funding .
lastly the white privilege thing is slowly being worked on but the term does describe a real and observable thing as you call it .
same thought here my guess at this time is that anthem is going the borderlands route .
pve yields the rewards and by increasing the difficulty and rewards forces players to look more towards their own and allies build to ensure victory .
when pvp lands i hope it 'll be a team focused mode horde and objectives they will also add the staple slayer mode of course based on the pve metadata they collect .
with mobility and movement being a keypart i hope this holds throughout establishing the pvp arena .
it would also be a great way for mining data for ai for new endgame content .
if you ever want people to stop supporting you just say herbal tea is still tea it 's not a tisane ! ''
disney has the rights to the pjo universe how are you going to get them ?
it 's not hard to do but it does confuse the patients for about a year on who they need to make appointments with .
all my diplomas are linked as well as my research .
so i had no issues there or job wise .
90reduced 50 dam scorched 20 less everything else ... it has scorched receiver
200-500 mile trips are more convenient by rail as in europe because of all the impracticalities of air travel .
arriving 90 minutes ahead of time being one of the biggest .
that adds travel time and costs to a flight in order to reach your destination proper .
it would be amazing if a 200 mph train network connected cities like cleveland cincinnati detroit indianapolis louisville chicago milwaukee minneapolis st.louis kansas city etc .
i 'd hop on a train like that on a complete whim sometimes just to go see a baseball game in the summer .
because had it ever been built it would be that convenient and inviting .
people like to go into chicago for a day of shopping .
parking is expensive yet another overlooked aspect and people would love an alternative .
have you ever price checked flights the day of ?
it would cost me 455 to fly to chicago today and back tomorrow .
it 's 190 miles away by car a 3-4 hour drive depending on traffic .
a round trip being about a full tank of gas for most cars plus tolls .
if we had anything similar to europe if the us had been doing anything productive at all in the late 70 's and 80 's i could run to the station board the train buy a ticket from the conductor in transit and get there in about an hour for around 50 .
i 'd walk over to the stuff they were looking at and strike up a conversation .
you are failing to comprehend that your own example '' consists of more than one '' flowchart .
at this point according to the flowchart she ded .
but then the pearl 's teammate iva tasers rook immediately after his space and gives pearl the shield with the knock back and haste and booom
iva 's flowchart is completely omitted as is the subtree of rook 's flowchart that contains his response to the enemy iva .
the outcome of your example '' constitutes the confluence of multiple flowcharts in which its complexity is proportional to how many players are involved within the scene of action .
naturally once after someone gets killed the complexity lessens for the team that outnumbers and expands for the team that is outnumbered and so forth .
no it 's not a '' flowchart unless the environment is strictly controlled to be a 1v1 situation but because you interact with more than one opponent there are subtrees to the flowchart that are intertwined with flowchart of the third fourth fifth and sixth party intervening within the very moment of the gameplay and vice versa for every player involved .
interesting thanks for reply and i like the list .
no wisdom seems kinda rough especially with runehammer making a comeback my feastcallers are getting whacked .
they have never failed me and i 'm running 26 of them .
i do n't get why people on this subreddit keep bullying violists .
what 's the point in making a whole group of people feel bad about themselves ?
it also shows that the viola bullies have no clue how instrumentation in classical music works .
this is true but when researching or reading news it 's important to minimize that bias as much as possible which can be done by avoiding tv news and reading associated press reuters bloomberg npr politico etc
yeah i remember my bishop sent me to that because i looked at porn every few weeks .
what messed me up was i thought i was an addict and became very depressed and actually increased my porn use .
also all my relationships suffered and i lost my self confidence and gained weight .
the lds church is a terrible place for young people .
the global cooling '' thing is just one of those strange things that people made up to dispute climate change .
imminent ... a review of the climate science literature from 1965
lies in a selective misreading of the texts both by
some members of the media at the time and by some
i sat at the selection screen for a long time deciding on kane or weber .
hwn kane is so dope though i had to go with weber and regret nothing !
you could also reference games media going crazy with the phrase its the dark souls of '' etc .
as showing how the games influence has gone beyond even influencing games themselve but how people talk about and describe games .
something i 'd like is mastery 8 but to unlock it you need to fill out special champion-themed challenges on your character .
also it 'd be a nice reward if each champion had their mastery 8 icon slightly different while displaying it ingame based on the said champion .
keep in mind that the reason the rate is n't lower is because people like me gave up on that ship a long time ago
meanwhile basically everyone with a parent from harvard has applied to harvard
looks like both cats are starving and panicking to get out .
i got a 15 pounder i keep trying to plant on my shoulder .
history had forgotten that the og chief pat '' rocket was actually fired by cwa against chief pat .
i 'm not too sure about teemo but he gets 3 stacks so i think he 'd have a cd of 200 of the three reload timers for shrooms
having them before school starts would be extremely helpful .
jim croce died in a plane that failed to take off due to the pilot getting the plane top close to a walnut tree .
lmao how long are you willing to wait for him to develop .
i get that he 's ya'lls next hope but for some reason i 'm confident kat is n't about to somehow make a 360 and turn into a alpha dog .
hey are you interested in a h/l code for a l/l code ?
if you like the caudalie moisturizer there 's another in the same line called intense moisture the bottle looks just like the sorbet but it 's a different color .
i rarely get depressive episodes except like clockwork starting after thanksgiving and slowly building up to a climax on christmas day .
i think some of it is manifest destiny but i also think that time of the year is rough for a lot of people .
i lean towards being manic most of the time .
redecan wappa to me is the sleeper strain ... not talked about much but i absolutely love it .
international relations ... now work in a hedge fund ... will be quitting to work in africa to help farmers ... intl development work ...
i 'm not sure if you 're talking about 165cm or 155cm kind of short but whenever i get conscious about my height i take inspiration from bruno mars who is apparently 165cm but still manages to fucking rock it and be one of the most naturally charismatic and confident people i 've ever seen .
every other guy here is talking about ai machine learning saying it 's the future
yes but do n't go for that right now .
then take java/angular/python and learn them the best you can with practice .
finish your bond there while learning on the side take interviews and let them know of your skills here the company tag will matter a lot switch to a company where you can actually do some work that you like .
please refer to this thread currently pinned to the top of this subreddt this is not an it help desk !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/help if you have any questions or concerns .
basically every time you get a universal tag/face paint it marks new on all 10 specialists which is super annoying to open it on all specialists so instead they gave us a shortcut to save the hassle
i did n't mention the pacific war because op already mentioned it already and wrote it off as waterplay for crying out loud but you 're right that those are worth mentioning too .
you invited your friend to stay with you to escape a toxic relationship .
you then knowing she is in a vulnerable situation while staying at your place fucked her keep wanting to fuck her and resent her now she does n't want to fuck you .
if you are actually her friend which i doubt then you will give her a space to stay with you without any opportunity for sex making that clear and sticking to it .
given you realized you just wanted to fuck someone vulnerable you should give her a period of time then ask her to leave two weeks ?
donno dar foarte foarte rar am vazut si eu .
hit the brakes cuz he sensed he was about to lose traction but of course sudden changes in momentum can cause a lose of traction .
every time i got to level 60-70 the game was unplayable on my xbox 360 .
it crashed and froze every 10 minutes i never got the legendary dragon achievement because of this .
i have my doubts that it 's all yen but it 's nonetheless an indication that the government is spending more than it can afford in the long run .
that 's what i talked about at the end of my comment .
there were lots to do nothing linear about it .
aion was going downhill since 4.0 and 6.0 practically killed it .
no rifting stupid fast track server with no pvp no reshanta sieges .
at this point ncsoft might as well turn aion into a moba .
thank you so much will deffinatley go back and have a little play around
the more pressing issue is how to pronounce petr 🤔
good communication written and verbal will get you a lot further than any qualification .
sounds like a fun challenge you can both handle do it
galicia sucks ass but i liked volga lupkøw and brusilov
the answers to the survey reminded me about how you can be too smart to join law enforcement
dream phone would be iphone se body with a bezel-less display and keep the headphone jack and fingerprint reader somehow .
i hate how big standard phones are these days .
i 'm actually fairly sure frozen veggies especially the mixes can be cheaper than fresh
the point i 'm making is that any hate against the game is justified .
you should always judge someone based on their hobbies .
like if someone like anime for example you should not take them seriously/respect them .
if someone plays battle royale games you should not take them seriously etc .
found them a bit steep for what they offer .
and you will note that the definition says that some cities in lesvos used that composition .
2 or so was adopted by those in ancient times romans from 278ish strongly debased their denarius
higher gauges will definitely help provide the same feeling in lower tunings but i would n't know if it 'll be an exact match .
if sven leaves and we get a couple fantastic young players in after
well that reflects the outcome of the vote it was almost 50/50 .
it does indeed but in this picture you can see how the hands are shaking due to the adrenaline rush and the excitement felt you get a feeling of it .
unless you shave by plucking out each individual hair with a pair of your grandpa 's vc-soaked nam rusty bayonets then you are a soy boy you hear me ?
anyways im out of the loop since when gillette 's and modern world commodities became bad ?
no idea they could 've added the c13 tua instead which is a completely italian design and would 've sat only a bit higher in br
i think juan manuel fangio ii nephew of the 5-time world champion and a pretty good racer who won imsa championships for toyota and drove in indycar said that having a last name like that makes everything you do count double .
every good thing you do is seeing as double the good but also everything bad you do every mistake every crash is seeing double the bad .
yeah i did do therapy didnt accomplish shit sure there are other ways to release anger but how many are readily available to a little kid ?
okay i came across tronbet today i gambled and i won tron today .
so my new money got me more money and did not pay any old money '' and along with that i got some ante .
the logic you are applying is the same for say purchasing apple share .
those who bought it when it was 10 and those who bought now at a higher price both get dividends .
only thing is that the value of the dividend with respect to the cost might be higher for the guy who bought earlier .
as long as the business survives and players play tronbet will survive .
i thought for a moment these rules where a feature of outlook .
people do n't value healing enough in this game unless you are in like the top 1 of players or have a certain experience with it .
it is n't really a thing other people nessasarally notice happening unless you are the enemy team or you are playing the healer yourself .
i hate the people that dive in all alone die like they should and then complain about healing .
they are n't nessasarally genji players i have seen plenty of other people even tanks do this .
whenever someone complains about needing healing to me i just simply say if you need healing come to me or go find a health pack in the backline .
i am busy trying to keep everyone else healed and you are making my life harder by overextending so much. or something to that effect .
shuts them up ususually and if they do n't it just makes them look like an asshole .
got a transcript or article somewhere covering what she said or is that just leadsom in general ?
it 's not them which suffers it 's the children and family members who are influenced or are watching them slowly destroy themselves
nfz sopranos show podabing cut to black and another one called in at the end which is a biweekly
he forgot to specify that it was his wife 's son
look at that wall of food ... .ill see myself out
yeah i found metal wire and had no use for it then threw it away .
i 'm not 100 sure but i think some ugee and yiyinova tablets shared the same technology with early huions so if my experience is anything to go by the color on my early gt-191 had a greenish-yellowish tint .
if you 're designing t-shirts commercially i ca n't guarantee that you wo n't have to check the color on your main monitor but it 's really not half bad .
we all unsub and let him upload it then we all resub plus make spam accounts .
because i am 99.9862 sure that alwaysunite is not a bot .
i am a neural network being trained to detect spammers summon me with ! isbot username r/spambotdetector optout https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=whynotcollegeboard subject ! optout message ! optout original github https github.com/sm-wistful/botdetection-algorithm
please prime is an opt-in program that costs 49 per year .
it is due in pls which are locked and returned back to the customer after one year .
being a prime member gives you access to great features.please expressly disclaims any liability in respect of the content of any forward-looking statement and also expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein or to reflect any change in their expectations with regard thereto or any change in events conditions or circumstances on which any such forward-looking statement is based after the date of this whitepaper except as may be required by law .
many people are prepared to endure much more relationship unhappiness than they should .
it 's the loneliness and bitterness that kills a long term relationship not usually the event that brings them to confront the situation .
if you dread going home to your so you should make waves immediately .
if you turn your focus onto your relationship and keep it there the way forward will soon become clear .
if your so will work with you and talk from the heart then it will soon become clear whether this story has been told or maybe we both want to write the next chapter .
if your so wo n't talk you 'll need to work it out for yourself .
bear in mind the best predictor of what people will do in the future is what they 've done in the past .
i like to shout inaudible words through the glass but only if i can take them in a duel .
according to the wiki it should be in primeval ruins delve but i found some posts where people said they did n't find it even after entering multiple locations .
there are better solutions than 802.1x do n't give up on switchport based controls because of 1 bad experience .
this post is like 3 years past its meme-by-date .
moi ce que j'entends quand on me dit toto africa https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=mh9fylsfdzw
yeah men should act like men and not shed tears and women should act like women and stay in the goddamn kitchen right ?
if you strip armor from the body it affects all the heads iirc
i 'm coming up on a one year streak and i hope that i can retain the same consistency for 5 more years beyond that .
i 'm going to repeat a question from a previous post from user u/jake_sti-ra to see if your perspective has stayed the same or not
okay your statistics look great and that 's a lot of words you went through but the important question is how has your language improved from all of these flashcards ? ''
somebody with no synapses firing would be braindead while somebody with all firing would be an epileptic .
both are n't very functional but one can recover .
when i was a freshie may naging classmate ako sa ge 8x ang student number haha !
because people still talk about him and share videos of that talking on reddit .
however your submission has been removed since the website you submitted is not on our white-listed domains list https www.reddit.com/r/gadgets/wiki/domainlist and therefore held for review .
make sure your submission follows the rules as found in the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/gadgets/wiki/config/sidebar .
after making sure it follows the rules message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/gadgets subject=request to review this submission by u/markjacinto message=i would like to have my submission reviewed a glimpse over on-demand app development industry https www.reddit.com/r/gadgets/comments/agk1ra/a_glimpse_over_ondemand_app_development_industry
we will review your submission and if it is in line with our rules and guidelines approve it for you .
if you wish to promote your own website or content do n't submit it here .
i do n't understand why are you doing this ?
before we worked with a white list we got a lot of spam on this subreddit together with vote manipulation this caused the quality of the subreddit to go down .
we will always keep an eye on what domains get submitted if a certain domain gets approved consistently we will add it to the white list .
we also frequently ask the community to give feedback on the list we do this through a monthly feedback thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gadgets if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd rather do a refret down the line than use stainless .
have you ever not found a song on youtube ?
or just do not have headphones in while you are being paid to work .
first government in the history to be held in contempt of parliament .
has two years to prepare a solution to brexit and fails to gather consent with the largest opposition ever received by government in history .
i suppose at this stage it 's a positive that they are not the only ones having had to face a vonc in history .
... but to elect a legitimate democratic party in a regular fair election and chose an eligible leader as prime minister is the worst thing that could possibly happen .
spc-sixteen eity too forgets to wear safety goggles and sits on chair during expermint which results in i n s t a n t d e a t h
and what he did was pretty bland and shit .
next time he should stick to cookies or at least bother to keep the food warm .
this happened to me too but i realized that two of my classes were not pinned .
i think there 's an option to see all classes and some of your spring courses may be hiding there .
i just got my cf bas in the mail today ! !
your pinky is just trying it 's best to not get sliced off .
glad to see someone else living in the real world .
really wonder in what world so many people are living and why it is so different from mine ... .
with combo of 5 and 3 you will get a gb or less because avg .
but the past year and a half has been pretty rough as a sens fan .
how the hell is it courtesy refund you money that was stolen from you ?
it 's not like it was some sort of error or mistake you caused .
ai n't acting like they 're doing you a favor instead of just fixing/resolving a problem that was out of your control .
so they ban you if you try to get pay pal to resolve the issue even though you tried to have sony fix it and they refuse to .
so now it 's either be out almost 300 or have a banned account ?
either way you 're being punished for a problem you did n't cause .
it 's not cheating if she 's okay with it .
i think it 's because of either tastosis from sc or anders+semmler from cs
skunks and porcupines 2 butts you do n't want to sniff
i have an old phone i 'll dig it out .
unlike the facts and experience i have here in the us i could not make that statement about germany or other places in europe .
i only mentioned my experience seeing a metric shitton of long guns sub guns and tactical gear walking around with folks over there .
my rifle only gets to come out in very limited circumstances .
the brass here have for my entire career pushed hard to separate law enforcement from warrior '' or military/militaristic culture for the simple fact that 99.999 of the time we are everything other than warrior .
i 've been both soldier and leo so i know the distinction .
i do feel there is so much untapped potential in fallout universe that could do well with a good spin off .
book 4 is one part of liber aba which is a huge collection of the most important documents in thelema .
it 's not always in print but it 's very worth it .
im far from an expert but it is something like this .
so lets say you earn 4000€ each month which is a high wage .
we do have tax brackets for high earners like that .
so you pay x of tax on your salary up to say 2000€ .
then you pay y of tax on your salary that goes from 2000€ to 3000€ .
then you have a final tax of z of your salary that goes from 3000€ to 4000€ .
then you have the fact that the us system is very inefficent for a lot of reasons .
people dont stay home when they are sick because they cant afford it .
which means that one guy with the flu that goes to work can make everyone in the office sick .
so sure the government saved some money by not paying for that guys sick days and in return they get absolutely no tax money for a week since the whole office got shut down .
or that the whole office productivity goes down because everyone is trying to battle the flu while working at the same time .
a girl might find a lump in her boob but wont see a doctor until two monts later because thats when she has got a health insurance .
so instead of a simple lumpectomy the girl is off work for like a year battling breast cancer .
guess how much taxes she will pay during that time ?
you can be very healthy and still pay for other peoples healthcare .
thats how an insurance works and that is how a government run insurance/universal healthcare works .
it is pretty easy to scam '' the system .
a young person with a great job will most likely not need a health insurance .
so he skips it and only signs up for a health insurance when he is in his forties and when he starts run into health problems due to age .
so he makes some money by doing that but too many people like that and the insurance company has to raise the premium because otherwise they lose money .
and you cant have a profitdriven company losing money .
according to capitalist principles it is all about maximizing profit and the best way of maximizing profit is to collect a lot insurance premiums and try to avoid to pay out anything .
so insurance companies will do their best to do that .
also people with genetic conditions are not profitable for insurance companies so it is in their best interest to make sure they never get an insurance in the first place .
insurance companies are private companies which means they are supposed to make a profit .
and what is stopping insurance companies from maximizing their profits in unethical ways ?
an insurance company hires a lot of people all the way from someone to answer the phones to an insurance adjuster to a ceo .
insurance companies have networks of hospitals that will accept their insurance .
so if you are in a car accident and the ambulance takes your unconscious body to the wrong hospital you are fucked .
hospitals have a billing department to deal with all the insurance companies .
uninsured people treated at hospitals will either disappear or go bankrupt to avoid paying the hospital bills .
im not saying that universal healthcare isnt without problems it has plenty of problems .
but the benefit imho is that it is very efficent because you boot out all of the moneysapping middlemen .
and that means taxes arent that high in the grand scheme of things when you consider what you get for them .
also comparing american taxes to european taxes is a bit unfair since they dont include most social benefits .
a better comparison would be american taxes plus health insurance to european taxes .
another problem is that capitalism tends to hyperfocus on one area and doesnt really give a crap about whats better for the rest of the society .
like the guy giving a whole office the flu instead of just staying home until he feels better and has stopped spreading the flu .
the society as a whole would have saved a lot of money by just letting him stay at home .
also what sorts of food did you eat if you do n't mind me asking ?
do n't worry you 'll be a pro in a week .
the amounts of scans and testing i had when pregnant i 'm gon na say missing that would be a massive fuck up .
unless you 're living in poverty or a hippie weirdo and willingly ignored the need for scans/testing etc .
in australia i believe you can abandon/give away your child but 'anonymous birth ' is illegal .
it 's illegal as it breaches the un mandate that all children have the right to know their parents .
as in if you give birth in a hospital the baby is registered to you and you need to do the paper work to surrender your child to foster care or adoption etc .
also i downvote everything that i do n't agree with .
dunno about you guys but in my case i got overwhelmed very quickly .
not complaining though it 's good to know there 's so many friendly people out there .
on top of that i was going through a nasty breakup .
let 's not be too hasty to judge them thanks friends
i heard so many stories about people who found peace when they became christians .
i tried to hide it from myself even but deep down i felt anger because where the fuck was my peace ? !
i finally found it as a pagan who believes in her own power and loving herself instead of being codependent and waiting for a deity to magically grant what can only be found within .
i think that 's where peace is at for everyone not in any particular religion or faith or philosophy but in being true to your heart .
it 's kind of funny you 'd think that since i still believe in a deity that i 'd feel more comfortable with christians but i do n't .
i feel i have more in common with atheists and agnostics because most of them are more emotionally healthy and have decided to be true to themselves and love themselves .
but i 've gone off on a tangent about where to find real joy and peace .
maybe she needed some liquid courage to follow through on said plans with the bartender ?
and i 'm not sure if a guy who started dating a 19 team old when he was 28 is the best person to call another out for being significantly older
afaik their common tactic is to bring the bomb onto the plane while disassembled because as negligent as airport security can be they would probably notice a suicide vest or a whole homemade bomb in your bag
gov of unity which agrees a new deal or a new ref
i would never claim it was moral to steal from walmart but at the same time it 's really sad if you rat someone out for stealing from walmart .
like do you think your corporate overlords are going to give you a treat ?
1 i 'm looking for extreme metal bands that use clean vocals in their songs in the same vein as monotony fields era shape of despair alkaloid slugdge altars of grief etc .
and while i do love the genre i am not after post black/blackgaze today .
atmo-black like windir and early ulver are okay though in that case the folkier the better .
2 i 'd also like the opposite traditional power and heavy metal bands that use unclean vocals .
the closest i can think of is kvelertak and pagan though it 's not exact .
the ones that think they are michael wittmann reincarnated and the ones that are michael wittmann reincarnated .
the point is that just eating less '' is not as simple as it seems .
move it to germany absolutely everyone can get there .
the most efficient thing would be for the government to do your taxes for you send you the information about what they did and have you verify it is correct .
but i dont want the government to have that information on me . ''
they already do how do you think they know if you screwed up ? .
the only information they dont already have is from schedule c illegal income .
but i dont want that information sent through the mail so i can sign it . ''
they already send your w-2 through the mail so no new problem there .
but it will cost time/money for government employees to do all that . ''
a the reduction in errors from 10s of millions of amateurs doing it at home will save more time/money than paying seasonal professions to get them done .
b most of it can be automated how many people use software where all they have to do is type in a few numbers into a few boxes ?
this is one of those cases like defense law enforcement healthcare most research letter/package delivery and most infrastructure where more government is the efficient way of getting it done .
blaming the controller for clunky controls is as good an argument as blaming a console for a game having bad optimization .
the game is n't even on pc yet there is no comparison to make
did you use the blue extractor on those annoying gits at high peak ?
they said biofrost is not worth all the hassle to get and we should get a top-class upgrade which is where corejj comes in .
all of them still thinks biofrost is better than olleh .
while it would be nice if leavers tried to please remainers they absolutely do n't need to .
you do n't need the voices of remainers to figure out what kind of brexit you want .
the real problem is that leavers themselves are either massively divided about what they want e.g. open free traders vs closed protectionist nationalists or else they have no defined opinion about the kind of brexit they want the 'just get on with it ' crowd .
yup and after some time its actually a struggle to maintain/not to dip under you daily caloric intake on keto because you are satisfied/not feel hunter for such a long time after a meal .
it 's the same with wales and a lot of the north .
the places that benefitted the most from eu regional funding are going to be the worst effected when the central government fails to replace it .
9 dpo https www.fertilityfriend.com/home/babychicken2019 and i hate my hot mess of a chart .
i 'm not religious at all but went to a church recently and they were doing a christmas celebration .
i sat on the atheist table '' not actually just happened to be all the people were so lovely .
i think user2 is experiencing a sort of gatekeeping .
they get downvoted simply for saying they do n't understand a joke .
it 's just that the deal with the anc would have been plagued with corruption .
wasnt super into superhero flicks the raimi films especially were just cheese galore imo .
watching the first real '' suit-up had me geeked .
it was so mechanical and had a distinct feeling to it that we all recognize .
i cant remember which friends i saw it with but i found the ticket stub in my leather jacket pocket my freshman year of college like 3 years ago .
still wasnt hooked on the mcu like i am today so i mightve spring cleaned the ticket but it was an experience ... an itch that got scratched in a way only the mcu can these days .
one of the many things they supposedly fixed that they did n't like the prone sliding issue .
i was still sliding all over the place last night .
one of the best sunset i 've ever seen .
all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
see reality fiction https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a reality+fiction restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all and simple prompts https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a simple+prompt restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all for stricter titles
be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback and follow the rules https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/writingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly the easiest way would be to use retroarch .
it 's a basically all in one emulator so to speak .
the cores are basically emulators for all the different systems out there there are sometimes multiple ones for certain systems .
quick and dirty setup would be to download retroarch .
in the main menu click on online updater and then click on core updater .
scroll down to sony playstation and select the version you want beetle psx hw is the best one just use that .
now all you have to do is go grab the playstation bios from any various source on the internet .
if you do n't know how just google the bios name it should be super easy .
if you load the core and go down to the information section in the main menu of retroarch it 'll tell you what bios files and the names that it needs .
you want to place the bios files in the system”folder of the retroarch folder .
then you just have your psx game load up the .cue file from the playstation game and you are good to go .
there is a lot more you can do but just google a couple youtube tutorials on retroarch and that should help you even more .
why should n't this business make a business decision ?
do n't you guys have a hard on for letting private businesses discriminate ?
all those alt-right comedy clubs are going be blowing this guys phone up 😂😂😂😂
go read this https www.reddit.com/r/fo76/comments/af6kei/\_/edw2m98 ? context=1 https www.reddit.com/r/fo76/comments/af6kei/_/edw2m98 ? context=1
the link above is proof oneshot pvp doesnt exist when not in combat .
bro the best thing is to go chill with friends !
do as many push ups and squats as you can .
aew is being started by a guy called cody who used to work for wwe but he did n't like his position so he set out on his own .
he made friends with a few other foreign wrestlers in japan and they 've just started a new company aew with the backing of the khan family a bunch of billionaires .
i 'm going to budapest next month and the range i 've booked has a garand i can shoot .
this is a friend 's dog so i 'm not actually sure on the exact breed
if a majority wanted it then the vote would have gone differently .
you do n't get to demand a revote because you did n't like the results .
i actually do audio for an on hold company and we actively avoid doing these comfort messages .
we promote informative messages and ensure the audio flows smoothly when it loops .
you 'd be surprised how many business owners go no i just want to say ‘thanks for holding ' clients do n't want to hear about my new special/upcoming event/new product
thus the significant difference between plan of salvation and plan of happiness
guessing it 's buffing the 3 units in the rotation
that is interesting because i played my first jungler game and i was terrible .
could n't farm and i fed the other team .
i was apologizing like crazy i expected to be support .
well that comment took me 30 seconds to type then i made some dinner
what if you had a dollar for every year with compound interest over the years ?
the ones i have are original salted caramel orange and mint..
i was offering the mr fuzzy outfit for both of them
where does it say they 'll be a mid-point stop ?
the dog looks happy so therefore i am also happy
it does n't even involve nwo or illuminati or reptillians .
clearly we 're all here to worship satan and/or participate in a global conspiracy to enslave humanity .
yes you are correct same concept as lyft if any of you drive as well .
you can only cash your earning and not the tips as the customer has 3 days to make any changes .
it is available where i am as of today .
he looks like the prototypical yinzer who 'd say something like that
haha it 's still incredibly obvious this is a joke .
you think someone would post this to their account seriously ?
yeah if you ever scratched cd part of it is gone .
good thing that there is plenty of information protection implemented .
but if you just need to clean cd from fat stains then some spirits/rubbing alcohol with very slight cotton pad touch would do .
i have a pair of muks tier 1 royals purchased a month ago maybe and will 's sbb and they 're about the same .
muks is actually a little bulkier '' but i think that 's mostly due to the fact that i 've worn these royals more .
thanks for your contribution but your post has been removed .
your question belongs in our weekly question thread https reddit.com/r/3ds/about/sticky or on our discord server https discord.gg/3ds .
can be easily answered with google or using subreddit search
before you ask that question again be sure to search for similar posts https www.reddit.com/r/3ds/search ? q restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all submitted before yours and make sure it has n't already been answered in our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/3ds/wiki/index .
if you have questions and/or concerns let us know in modmail .
i ca n't imagine someone so terrible continued being allowed to post .
anyone know where i can get cut timber planks to specifications ?
i 'm using his own lanuage for it he considered the level of drinking he was doing too much could n't stop himself from drinking too much so he quit and does n't drink anymore because he does n't like who he is drunk .
if you ever want to share your thoughts on my initial comment i 'd appreciate it .
you seem like a genuinly nice dinkstar and i 'm honored to meet you .
i bet on this game and its paying off so well so far .
cheers it 's almost 100 cheaper than the st johns equivalent .
if you want to be kind of absurd and go completely raw then sheathing a weapon and pulling out a torch both constitute as object interactions .
furthermore lighting a torch or throwing it would also count .
that however is silly and makes no sense if you stop and think about it .
i do n't think raw is absurd for only allowing one free object interaction in addition to an attack bonus action and movement in a six second turn .
lighting a torch and throwing it then stopping to draw a weapon would probably take a few seconds .
you could do that in one turn but not attack afterwards which makes sense to me .
there are just a couple other rules issues to note here
logically you can carry a torch with your shield hand provided it 's an arm mounted shield and not one you hold .
a home-brewed item maybe but there is no shield per raw that you strap to your arm and then have the hand still free .
as for a two handed weapon if you want to hold a torch at the same time you could really only attack with disadvantage .
per raw this is also incorrect ... you can not attack with a two-handed weapon with only one hand regardless .
this weapon requires two hands when you attack with it . ''
teferi is a win condition on its own but i add karn in case teferi gets ixalan 's binded .
this post has been removed because r/cfb does not allow links containing url shorteners including es.pn .
please feel free to repost with the full unshortened url .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cfb if you have any questions or concerns .
oh you post to r/mgtow and have said always hated women always will '' .
no it 's that making obvious observations about it adds nothing to the discussion .
it 's like calling nazi 's racist or gengis khan warlike .
i can imagine myself hanging around there for hours taking in all the scenery .
it was n't even a strike it was a claim .
the video was still up nothing happened to his channel warner chappell was just monetizing his video .
yeah you might wan na take a break from politics for a while .
the owner of this car works down from my brother and every time i see it i ca n't help but think elton john is on queen street in campbelltown .
however statistics is still a difficult major as stem majors tend to be and very math heavy and logic heavy .
you have to take the three calculus sequences ma 225 think intro to proofs and linear algebra along with the typical stats classes which involve varying degrees of math .
you are not required to take physics or chemistry as a stats major but you do have to take 2 extra science classes in addition to the gep requirements .
so those could be physics or chemistry but they could also be bio or meteorology .
as a student in the stats program i have thoroughly enjoyed it i definitely feel like i 'm being challenged intellectually but very rarely to i feel overwhelmed .
feel free to dm or ask me anymore questions .
edit i also could n't find anything about accreditation but nc state as a whole is accredited by sac so i 'm sure a department as big as stats has everything they need .
ps4 issue here whenever i fast travel to harpers ferry my character can move around and pick stuff up and interact with the world around him .
the screen just goes black and makes the game unplayable .
fast traveling anywhere else doesnt remove the black screen either the only way to fix this issue is to delete my save data and re log into the game .
on top of that loading screen issues have arisen .
sound will cut in and out the game will try to load in early only to cut back to loading screens and load back in into a dtate where i cant move my dude for several minutes .
i can tolerate duplicators and roaming vigilantes destroying everyone 's bases and stealing harvested loot .
but now im ready to join the whole this game is still an alpha game '' bandwagon .
please make a private lobby or something for people who just want to play with some friends .
if we could stay away from the servers all this exploitation was happeining on maybe these issues would never arise .
update have submitted a ticket to bethesda for this problem .
my game now loads in black after hopping on a solid day later .
i do n't think ordinary people are going through their former colleagues shit and divvying it up .
the girl who had my last office before me left in a hurry and i had to go through her stuff to try to decide what to throw in the bin and what to send to her mostly the many pairs of shoes she left in the cupboard but that was part of me moving into the office rather than me rifling through her stuff .
i had ensure once on a liquid diet ca n't say i liked it too much but i think liquid alternatives might be a good morning option .
unfortunately it has been removed for violating the following rule s
rule i no pictures with added or superimposed digital text emojis and ms paint '' like scribbles .
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the rules https www.reddit.com/r/pics/about/rules and title guidelines r/pics/wiki/titles .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the moderators via modmail. https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/pics subject=question+regarding+the+removal+of+this+submission+by+/u/andricksantos1 message=i+have+a+question+regarding+the+removal+of+this submission .
realistically i 'd hug my wife and son 3 years old and take him on one last tricycle ride outside .
the rentals it would take to feed and bathroom people in a nonvenue space can easily be just as much as renting a specialty venue .
i fully understand their point and their emotion behind it .
you would have loved the time i put my shirt on after taking a shower in the seychelles and feeling like my collar was tucked inside and reaching back and realizing it was a centipede a bit smaller in diameter than a pencil under my collar .
ripped the shirt in the panic to get it off .
i 'd say 3-6 w is enough for a cart .
but is it because he wants me or because he ca n't have her so he is settling ?
i dont care about being the most beautiful to everyone .
yeah i do n't think that 's what 's going on there
the look at the camera at the end was 👌
placenta energy drinks is the next billion dollar market .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/justnomil subject=question regarding the removal of this comment by u/ashfordbelle message=i have a question regarding the removal of this comment to be named mil breaks simple boundaries ... and no one was surprised https old.reddit.com/r/justnomil/comments/agp3wc/-/ee96h78
why would we want assets directly copied from another game in this series .
there 's no lore for cathay that 's anything to run on well .
murray has pretty much given up on the season i do n't really think he 's trying to save it filipovic .
if anything he 's just getting bodies for when he sells people off
i 'm sure you ca n't go wrong with their troops .
i could n't get on when i made the post .
this is as much of a surprise to everyone who worked at jce even to the last day .
i tried to make something knowing that everything is pointless and nothing is meaningless .
poplar grove or how to rap with a hammer read more on last.fm .
i 've gotten decent looking chicks from online as an average-looking guy with no status or money .
i do n't know what you 're talking about bruh .
they all want the same things we do you just need to know how to communicate your interest in a balanced way .
you do n't need to be a hot guy to get decent women it 's not about social status or money either .
i do n't think op will understand this logic .
there 's actually a shitload of those books and they 're all great .
i think they 're saying they broke a law ... because breaking a crime would be ridiculous .
yah and tbh i felt that way about all the other city hubs and little towns .
i feel like they should all be scaled up by a great amount to give a more proper urban sprawl exploration feel .
more open buildings open stores open oddities to explore and fun and interesting secrets of the past and its residents to uncover .
i 'd trade a lot of the empty wilderness space there is for more urban sprawl real estate .
it 's weird to me that some of the things like the power plant and deep mines and stuff are larger areas interiors and exteriors to explore than a lot the towns and suburbs ... .
in a large scale mmo they should be a lot larger imho .
please remember our golden rule thou shalt not vote or comment in linked threads or comments and in linked threads or comments thou shalt not vote or comment .
it 's bad form and the admins will suspend your account if they catch you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/topmindsofreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the device itself is not very big i 've seen other asian sellers post similar items in envelopes for free .
which reminds me of funny story about misidentifying animal calls
camping on a huge canoe-only lake with my daughter this past summer and the loons were out in full force the one night echoing off the water .
met a german couple who said they hardly slept anxious all night because they thought it was wolves howling and closing in !
it 's just like casting lsa on a target still cycloned .
of course it 's not gon na hit because he 's invulnerable during the launch .
and 104.3 out of denver was shitting all over him tonight as is tradition .
not the sub for this dont be a dick .
chiasson just said that leon 's shot in shootout helped him a lot because he saw the way markstrom moved .
damn look at that fat cock slap your sexy abs hehe 😻🍆
the full social cost '' would make new housing even less affordable as those seeking to enter into an existing community take on the burden of upgrading the infrastructure to an acceptable level so that they can have what they desire without creating negative impacts for the whole community .
i 'm also to terrified of something backfiring to mess with it .
maybe if i found someone well versed to show me the safer side of it .
when the fuck is you should stay in school offensive ?
i swear to god u little entitled gem z shits get on my nerves .
i cringe to think that i was born in the same generation as you .
it sounds like you just need to find different games to play .
while rdr2 and spiderman may be big successes for ps4 they are n't going to be for everyone .
i ca n't tell you how many big successful system sellers that i have little to no interest in playing .
or you may just need to take a break from gaming .
i did that in my mid 20 's and took a 6 month break from games but i came up to them when a lot more energy and enthusiasm .
if it is n't fun to do then they there 's nothing wrong with taking a break or stepping away from games .
i 'm in my 30 's and have just as many friends who stopped playing around your age as those who still do .
tatsumaki is often portrayed childlike because of her personality .
she acts like a child due to her ego not exactly looking like a child per se .
in fact her sister too is quite immature as well even though her sister wants to portray herself as the lady in command .
anyway tats ' diminutive stature is there to emphasize her outsized ego and powers .
notice how different child emperor who is a child and the other actual children are portrayed .
like you these are my first am1 they are a little tight but they break in .
didja ever think making snide comments about someone 's mental health would make you friends ?
sorry you got called out for shitting on op 's perfectly salient point .
change the uniforms to 2004 dcu/bdu and this looks like fallujah .
good idea i know a few who have recipes .
did you just type that on a device you built yourself from only local parts or did you type it on a device brought to you by global trade ?
you vote for it with your dollar every single day .
thank you for making my breakfast better this morning .
especially proper nub removal will make your kits look a lot better .
you said you created 4 screens do you still have four screens ?
if you do n't have any backups though then you 'll just have to re-create your setup from scratch .
it seems like they got a list of the most popular netflix shows and then compared them in google trends .
children 's toys that emit any kind of noise or sound
ok i think you 're right i think i read about this in a collective nouns lesson .
the problem is and if you can correct me if i 'm wrong but i do n't think summer camp is a thing anymore .
so how do you remake something that is n't relevant .
i mean they could do an approach similar to strangers prey at night and have the camp be a family vacation spot or something idk .
i just do n't see a remake plausible anyways .
this is a game of the year contender no doubt .
ha someone must have bought it before you and returned it ?
so was this video before or after you shit yourself ?
yo logging onto your server now ... do you have an active playerbase ?
this woman needs to be in the porn industry .
alright what the fuck this literally happened to me today
because the point of the military academies is to let the best and brightest who desire to serve have an opportunity to develop and get into leadership roles quickly .
should you make it a pay to attend thing you not only weaken the pool of candidates by making it less desirable to attend you also skew attendance even further in the direction of being dominated by those in a higher economic class .
i think most would agree that undermines the mission of the academies .
i 'm out of the loop what 's happening here
you just need to research trade and then build them next to a port .
what would the triangle look like when it 's cut out ?
as soon as chase ran out i wanted jimmie to be the one to push him the rest of the way .
i cried when the camera panned over to him backing up to do it .
it made an otherwise shitty day as a jimmie fan a little bit better .
have you listened to mach hommy tha god fahim ankhlejohn westside gunn ?
also i agree with the joey bada thing i do n't know if he 's necessarily lost but i definitely think he 's lost his footing a lil and imo dropped off hard though i see why people still like him .
i tried to google it and only saw his twitter talking about starting it
well typically the team not on a power play does n't shoot a whole lot .
hopefully there will soon to be a new member of the very last species !
even as his old body shits into the litter box and flops all over the place .
all nintendo products are outdated years before they 're even released .
no that was the god xolotl who was presented as a dog .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search ? q=title 3anyc 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on rss feed for notifications .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search.rss ? q=title 3anyc 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
read this https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/comments/a12zza/metapsa_one_does_not_simply_ban_trolls 1 https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/about/sticky ? num=1 and this !
starting here https reddit.com/adamy1 m4f in monroe to see how long op 's been at it and what responses they 've had and any warning signs like changing stories etc !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofmuffdive if you have any questions or concerns .
i think what partly decided it too was coach 's predictable inability to say i played like a villain pretty much the whole group mentality thing was bs from the start ''
if he managed to do that he could have won .
but that 's like going into an alternate universe where coach is n't dellusional as f .
2000 's wwe as the amount of stuff people could get away with in that era would be fun to watch and the thought process behind certain things has always intrigued me .
why would cw have casually said that the kids ' sheets smelled on a call with nk ?
and why would she have waited several days to tell anyone that comment ?
visually we 're past the point of diminishing returns so in terms of polygon counts there really is n't a need to up those numbers .
where they can improve is better lighting and shadows which are more graphically intensive than people think .
there 's also higher resolution textures better physics etc .
basically from this point on we 're going to see a smaller disparity between aaa titles when it comes to graphical fidelity .
it 's the back-end stuff that 'll improve between generations at this point .
i 've actually been thinking that i wanted to try a silver polish so this was pretty cool .
i do like the orangey shade too but i have a shimmery bronze polish from essie that kind of reminded me of that one so i chose the other !
now i just hope it actually comes in the mail .
no look i 'm not saying he 's hitler but the parallels are undeniable .
then when the man is almost impossible to guard as is the refs ignore all of his pushoffs .
i mean i get that hear the mvp but wtf ? ! ?
they charge you with literally anything they can get you with .
otherwise he is n't being punished for raping someone .
tell us something about him that he would n't mind you sharing .
i loved the extensive story stuff in the first half cheelai and lemo are such great new characters and there was some genuine emotion from the saiyan stuff and both laughs and intimidation from frieza .
vegeta 's fight in particular was my favorite he was just so in the zone the entire time and the theater lost it when he went ssg .
ca n't believe i actually love broly as a character .
the direction deserves extra special praise the color work and camera-work '' were really above and beyond what i 've seen in most action animation .
the idea that people know best what to do with their money '' is patently absurd .
the overwhelming majority of people have absolutely no idea what to do with their money .
none of these statements go against my original statement of
goal always should have been to tax as much as is possible while maximizing revenue .
hard to have a robust welfare state without gas in the tank '' so to speak .
br 95k active daily looking for an active competitive guild
also thanks for sharing this cool story have a great day .
this has happened a bunch of times with my fire cube .
it 's not worth today what it would be worth a couple decades ago .
not surprising since mostly left wing people use reddit these days anyways so it is n't surprising they shout down those who oppose what they want .
overall all of their arguments are based on that we have trustworthy reliable people to run this new government who will help the city which is very unlikely .
dumping money into a problem does n't help if you do n't remove the actual cause of the problem aka city politicians .
considering the simplycash card from american express anyone interested in referring me ?
you 're right but no one knew it would have been a scam because he was actually showing proof that he had it .
it 's a fact the redskins won the nfce in 2015 with cousins as the starter and the lions have never won the nfcn with stafford .
they actually have never won the north the last time they won it was the nfc central .
please remember to list your gear and shaders used .
this is not necessary but is extremely appreciated by the users and moderators .
if this is a text post you can ignore this message .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/destinyfashion if you have any questions or concerns .
it was originally in swedish so i guess they just translated the text to english and copied it over .
i use them to get the info on every server so that i can provide the nice status page ntl-slither.com .
take a look and pick a server near you that 's busy .
a lot of people are curious about older and younger partners .
i hooked up with 30 year old when i was 22 and thought it was great .
she was cool and had a lot of experience not just in sex but life generally
wendy 's triple cheeseburger no onions no tomatoes large combo with strawberry lemonade .
do n't forget a parliament of owls a barrel of monkeys an ostentation of peacocks and a pride of lions .
... and pax 's name is an emoji or ends with isha .
you 're a bit of a fuck are n't you ?
yeah i 've only ever done it in my bed or in nature .
never thought about doing it while sleepy though i feel like i need to be awake and alert in order to be prepared for an experience is crazy as dmt lol .
as i mentioned below it 's all resolved now i 'll see if i can jump into reddit sooner next time to alert you all .
if not check in on the help center known issues https gemsofwar.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360000497716-all-known-issues-gems-of-war for the fastest updates .
you 're actually awake when you toss and turn .
it would be more in line with the rest of the game 's design to have the die increase when tiers increase .
oh man i 'd be so mad if i lived my whole life waiting to get to year zero then die at year 1 .
i would say the rarest cars are the two intro sennas and the laracer bel air taxi .
you 're talking about maybe a dozen people who have them ...
no such anti-piracy measure on far cry 5 stop spreading stupidity around .
he either runs a potato pc or most likely downloaded a fucked up crack .
maybe you should n't have slept with karen then .
the fact that we 've been able to build up big leads on solid teams has me optimistic for the future .
eventually they 'll figure out how to not throw away those leads .
gosh this is only what metaphysics have been predicting for the last 40 years .
are you having to hit it in both ways ?
meaning on the long edge as well as the short edge ?
if both i 've done a trick before with some extra 2x4 blocks ... basically make a row snapping the short edge together however you have to then prop it up at the right angle using the 2x4 or a helper against the rest of the complete flooring then snap down the whole row at a time .
much past 10ft this gets hard but maybe that helps !
according to raid report https raid.report/leaderboard/clears/all ? page=45683 there are over 2.2 million players that finished at least 1 raid in destiny 2 .
so i guess playerwise it might just be worth it but i feel like a good raid is quite important to them seeing how well they tied the story into the last wish and how many details were put into the raids .
good thing you can exit the settlement even with no movement points left .
welcome to the life of field kitchen cuisine hope you like stale baguettes .
at least they do n't expect you to find 2 people to summon their lazy ass .
woah woah there bud this is fucked but it does n't make the us a fascist police state '' .
hey u/niklasffb your my next opponent in my campaign to be bottom of the league in points and top of the league in injuries i 'm free between 2-6pm utc 1 every weekday and sunday saturday i can play at 2pm or between 6 and 7pm utc+1 give us a shout and we 'll see if we can sort something .
i do n't see any one talking about my fav animator katsun is a great animation channel her character and art style are really nice i really like her voice too
so pc players had less accuracy.. but they do not have aim assist and we do.. also 1400 still is not enough people and theres alot of faftors that go into it than just what they tested .
it feels like the sort of post you see on facebook .
it 's like you asked a child what they wanted to eat and that is the first thing out of their mouth ...
it 's a very simple question that has complicated consequences .
therefore it should 've never been done on gut feeling or a principle as you imply at least imo .
in fact smaller tribes have significantly less crime and violence because of the importance of social cohesion and reliance on tribal structure for living .
but if you were informed you 'd know that .
imo it was a very good short match but whatever .
good to see ajpw and noah get some recognition kiyomiya vs. kenou is well worth watching .
we do n't really count the traveling day 16.10 since it will be the longest train ride about 6-7h .
we plan 2 days there since we wanted some nature and a stop on the journey to come down and relax a bit from city life
yes they would have made it out because they saw the vulptex .
it was poe that first noticed the one that stayed behind and followed it to safety .
c-3p0 made an obvious statement that poe already thought but someone needed to say it for the audience .
it 's not important at all if you are a beginner .
bro it 's a mixtape and spotify do n't stream mixtapes
i can live with that because i can check them in that time and i can download it if it is something i want to keep .
i also have a regular camera on the front of my house connected to a nvr so i have backup .
i main peach and spacies and if any fucking falco complains about peach they are just so bad .
unless its fod or fd then yeah its probably 50/50
he is gon na miss that shot is n't he and nope you hit it .
i gotcha ... .still think they should 've been able to call that a goal and determine that the net being off in this case did n't effect the outcome of the play especially since the goalie pushed it off
you 're new to c-psan and politics in general i take it ?
got ta admit i laughed when that little shadow got kicked .
better from getting chomped up than dissolved in the stpomach acids .
do n't think amd would redesign a whole new chip based on the vega architecture at this point we know navi is coming so why bother making a whole new chip for gaming now ?
either they are defective mi60 aka mi50 chips or just manufactured as a mi50 chip .
either way since it has or had a lot of fp64 compute since it is apparently disabled now ?
i would assume it is a former '' compute card with some display outputs slapped on there .
st least that 's what makes the most sense considering memory setup and so on .
kind of like we should all be for his wall or we are not for border security .
which i hope you are aware is not true .
in fact someone please hand him a sharpie so that we can have some airport security .
his feature on ocean wisdom 's second album is amazing as well .
loved seeing him pay collaborate with one of the uk 's best rappers .
it is not the most active subreddit so do n't worry p
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
meh i hear a lot about how i should n't have a huawei phone because people think the chinese government have a backdoor into it and they 're spying on me .
i would n't be surprised but frankly i do n't think xi jinping is all that interested in my podcasts and porn .
and even then what difference does it make if it 's the chinese or the americans the british or our own government ?
the p20 pro is an excellent phone and i do n't really care to let politics affect my phone choices .
i find wu lei one of the most entertaining players to watch .
i 'd love for him to come to a bottom epl club before he is old .
i always end up with the first third of the strip in my hand and a slightly damaged box .
he didnt really change hes just making money for being a meme for the last 20 years .
even if he changed the person s who got killed probably dont give a fuck .
after some bad publicity in media it turned out that a local priest had them mount up without consulting it with anyone .
or rather the priest sold this space behind the jesus crown and behind anyones bacj and had n't share the income .
go watch leah remini 's scientology and the aftermath there 's an episode in the 3rd season on jehovah 's witnesses and it is royally fucked up .
it 's weird to still see you with no flair .
always heard only praise but the game did n't look like something i would enjoy .
followed a similar cleaning procedure new unwashed microfiber cloth for drying after dish soap wash on a pair of maxed out oakley transition lens .
within 8 months they had scratched all over them .
i guess the reason was the coating option never noticed such a problem with similar transitions before .
antireflection coating is generally unnecessary with transitions from what i 've read .
it 's definitely one of the most toxic communities going right now
or those who have looked at the actual numbers and projections
the worst case scenario of a no deal brexit followed by no changes is of 8 lost growth by 2030 .
how do they make the mammal blood cross compatible with reptile blood though ?
that 's funny cause i knew a guy who inherited a family business .
bitched about having to raise his minimum wage and possibly supply medical insurance .
yet he rarely worked there because he was an alcoholic .
as well as spending half the year on exotic trips .
so it seems in my experience the rich want to get paid twice because fuck you i 'm rich .
once for the money they make and twice for the tax breaks they get for creating un-livable waged jobs .
singers gets pennies the big label companies behind them gets the real money .
brake skid running up gears till 4th had to blur the plates
says the guy who probably blames a unproven being of creating us .
if i said a magic bedbug made the universe by taking a dump .
survation 's latest poll showed that they lost support from 41 vote share to 38 vote share if they supported a second referendum .
there was a poll indicating that if they do n't support it their support will drop below that of the lib dems .
unfortunately fptp means voters are at the mercy of the 2 big parties voting lib dem just means you are voting tory .
i think those mps are not doing this because they are in the pockets of our enemies .
they would do the same thing regardless of that .
in an epic battle to protect the earth steven dies leaving only the gemstone behind .
but since he 's half gem he comes back to life .
turns out he was just poofed the whole time .
this sounds similar to what 's described in this github issue https github.com/godotengine/godot/issues/17108 so it might be caused by a bug in the engine 's touch input handling .
yeah that 's not at all what i meant but i guess that 's what it said .
i read it back and decided it was best removed .
anyway what i wanted to do was make fun of the fact that there 's advantage to be had in not being white .
that 's not what i wrote reading it again .
just updated my wh-1000xm3 and after the update the app the headphone showing battery level 0 so i just restarted the headphone problem solved ...
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
it 's just a 6 '' die cast kyle .
i fashioned a bent black book end to hold the books at the angle .
this is useful out of those list i know the xart combos and dwarf combos except troddar as i have n't built it but the siegfried and arekhon based teams are new to me .
well it becomes a problem when teachers want you to make anything that works in it .
plus it takes so much longer to write anything with it what you could write in a few seconds takes like a minute all of the sudden .
agreed only way this would be acceptable is to ask for the best way to break up in that case .
like genuinely trying end it in a good way for the guy .
because no matter how horrible she is it is n't right to the guy to stay together if she is like that .
salaries are higher in other cities but cost of living will be higher too .
and no more soy sauce or red dead redemption 2 .
i 'll learn your names later always gets a belly laugh out of me .
my house could topple off a cliff for all i care
while i agree with your scapegoating point there 's plenty of evidence of russian involvement in brexit
man i need to find those discs and play through that series again .
so with the cheat app so handy and available to you you ca n't adjust quicker than someone without ?
use it as a tone or modulation source maybe ?
as u/inductorman says synthesizer '' refers to how it generates frequencies not that it secretly contains a moog prodigy i wrote a rather long post about it here https www.reddit.com/r/synthesizers/comments/aexz7g/is_this_not_someone_attempting_to_sell_an_am_fm/edtxal9 .
again mycroft hammered it home when he talked about their abilites in the flat and described her as incandescent an era defining genius and beyond newton .
you 've never had a truthgasm while gripping a gear shifter ?
it 's hard to have a good work/life balance as a don .
it 's going to be a fulltime gig until you get lieutenants you can rely on .
especially in the beginning when you have to get your own hands dirty because good help is so hard to come by .
i still remember the first time i was able to draft pack rat .
you could literally mulligan to pack rat 2 lands and go x-0 .
one of the most busted limited cards since jitte .
had a discussion with my friend the other day and came to the conclusion that pastel palettes covering a babymetal song would be perfect in the bandori-verse .
so i did a quick rough sketch of akatsuki x pasupare and spit out this image .
if you got models from the toolbox you probably have 99.9 they have a script try finding the script in the models
we were taught how to use lathes in high school i guess we were technically kids ?
but the teacher brought in a professional to teach us and it was absolutely awesome .
around 5-10 of the population is vegan/vegetarian doing fine without meat .
while desirable for many meat is not vital '' .
well yah some people are able to skillfully hit most of the time and that 's where it becomes even more deadly and more frustrating to be killed so quickly i 'm just generalizing a bit to give a picture of how it could frustrate someone that is able to dodge most assaults to get shut down with little effort for only being hit once in awhile
and yah it 's how all people should be responding to each other really we 're all people on two sides of a screen we all have our own differing opinions what 's the point attacking someone else 's view just to make yourself feel good does n't help in the large scheme of things i 'm just really concerned about this game 's direction as i love to play it i 've been playing since late season 1 and it 's pretty much is my go to game when i have some downtime from either coding or wanting to take a break from playing something else i love that it 's pretty much the only successful third person skill based moba and the fact it uses such loreful characters from mythology just seals itself in my heart
😍😍🤤 i need that to stretch my tight hole outt
i 've heard that killers will often participate in search efforts or vigils for the victims in order to remain close to the case hear any rumors about what evidence the police have make sure nobody suspects them etc
so satisfying that i was sitting here watching it for quite a while thinking he was getting an awful lot of slabs off it before i noticed the jump and the loop .
you 're like the little japanese people that are running around '' 10/10 dirty talk
the show definitely made me go and get the books .
some of the best original sci-fi writing i 've read/watched in years !
more likely the sargeant at arms would just tell the secret service that potus is not allowed to enter .
he 's not allowed to barge onto the floor of a closed session of the supreme court and he 's not allowed to force himself into the house .
they are n't trump 's thugs there are just there to keep him safe .
having a gun fight with the sargeant at arms is not keeping the president safe '' .
they would simple be told the potus is not welcome and the secret service staff themselves would just restrain trump themselves and drag him back to his limo .
this is worse it 's taken on the texture of the foil .
wo n't we keep the enchatns once we have them ?
i thought they carried over from league to league ?
the artist who came up with grievous came up with the idea by looking at a spray bottle from the top
if the low point of your career is not being the best anymore that 's a damn good career . ''
oh yeah and only priests can forgive sins for some reason .
i recommend scotch super glue advanced formula for fixing something like that works absolute wonders .
and before anybody suggests stacking the wide jars a glass jar on a smooth jar lid is a house of cards waiting for somebody to walk past the shelf a little too fast .
he needs this trump shit like he needs another hole in the head
i love this thank you very much for the reply this is extremely helpful .
they also had a video of the players saying they thought it was a joke until they walked in .
in fact i do n't think the words toxic are ever used in the ad
just for clarity 's sake yes they do use the phrase 'toxic masculinity ' three times in the commercial not in the direct narration but in the soundbites .
i have him with memory imprinted 3 yeah im the lucky guy without hurado lol
nice wonder if that will mean more options in dx 11 too .
invaded them imposed their dictatorships and then went on destroying them .
should they not have invaded them and just let the nazis win ?
also like i said they were n't dictatorships one person did n't have absolute power neither did one party or administrative function .
holding a vote for pre-picked soviet-friendly candidates under gunpoint is no democracy ...
do you genuinely think that you can hold votes at gunpoint then keep up to 500 million people living in fear for decades ?
because people would have revolted before that but they did n't even in 1990 that was n't a revolt that was due to infiltration from reactionaries .
even now we can see that most eastern bloc nations want socialism back including russia .
btw verizon is the only decent cell coverage so yea that sucks
es werden heute kaum noch exclusive infos an journalisten herausgegeben .
in der regel werden heute alle infos von den firmen selber veröffentlicht um zu kontrollieren was an die öffentlichkeit kommt .
dadurch wird natürlich der job des spiele-journalisten obsolet weil jeder otto mit nem internetblog den selben job machen kann .
heute darf man in der regel vor dem release eines spiele keine reviews veröffentlichen weil man sich mit nem schlechten review nicht die vorverkäufe versauen will .
für ein spielemagazin das nur einmal im monat erscheint ist das natürlich sehr unvorteilhaft weil kein mensch kauft sich ne zeitung um 3 wochen nach release nen test zu lesen .
you could go down to a single support in the middle but as others have said the weight of the curtains would likely make it sag .
one way around that would be to switch out the curtain rod for one that is stronger and could handle the additional span without sagging .
i use these https www.homedepot.com/p/302837685 at my house and they are able to provide enough support on similar span widths without sagging .
because in civilized countries trials like this take months because defendants are allowed due process .
i could n't hold my tongue when jj danced through the nucks d and just snipes it .
oh it has 3 or 4 times in the last month or so .
i 'll accept that it may happen so i can be prepared and not come down so hard on myself if it does .
we 're learning about will power at uni at the moment and hard exactly how they describe it .
science suggests that using will power actually uses more glucose .
no big boi the rapper has spelled his name with an i since the 90s .
oh that shit is insane man i ca n't get enough of it ahahahha
when you start balding at 17 and hit 42 you have a choice of looking like douglas coupland or not .
it is a pretty volatile market and since its not backed up by any country/government it is unstable but i definitely rise again but not anytime soon
the brain is the part of the body that contains everything that is you .
if your brain was put in a different body successfully it would just be you waking up in a new body .
it would n't be the body 's original owner having occasional leftover thoughts from another person .
it 's probably more accurate to think of brain transplants as body transplants .
the brain is the person that is trying to stay alive by getting a transplant .
what the brain requires is a body that can keep it alive .
also op if it 's properly glued down then it 's an absolute prick to remove .
further actually fixing will involve ripping out large sections to re-do .
can i ask how you got a farm map that shows the mods ?
i have to redo it every 3 to 4 weeks because it starts to fade
so i looked it up because this car looks real big .
but this is 4.6 meters long and a 2018 mercedes f1 is 5.7 meters long .
so that puts it in perspective ... . also i 'm in america .
its an issue on my little brother 's 06 g35 as well .
we have owned that car since it was at about 90k miles and now its at about 246k miles began leaking/eating oil around 150k miles .
yeah and our 23 damn turnovers gave him the chance to give us lots of rebounding opportunities !
because i do n't like getting chafed on the zipper it bloody hurts .
i also do n't like getting piss on my boxers .
so i undo my belt unzip pull down the front of my boxers and let fly .
no piss on my boxers no zipper teeth on my junk .
it 's faster because i do n't have to be careful about ripping my junk on the zipper teeth .
ugh i wish this could be a pet in game it 's so amazing !
i 'll continue to charge and poorly attempt to stab them
dude is wearing a fitted cap with the sticker on it in his magazine profile ...
oh those previous ranks are a pretty good indication of it .
but i do n't think kda is a good indication they have good kdas only in some games and even then it 's no secret that low elo players are bad at closing games and tend to just run around increasing their kdas .
why exactly is your reason for maximum drama '' ?
what is gained from that and who benefits from the usa experiencing maximum drama ?
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
was funny to me so ... idk about stupid i mean i obviously did n't imagine for a second he really hunted down isis .
it certainly was n't witty and didnt draw on some obscure social reference or scientific data .
but shit it ai n't trying to be literature .
just switched over from an aviar and as you can see it 's taken some adjusting .
i do n't know if kitakitalu is under the category you 've mentioned but it is on youtube with subtitles .
if it 's not than we 're all crazy o
nah man they have interviews with multiple witnesses from the trump organization internal company emails text messages and a cache of other documents .
shouts name of techy girl through ear piece can you enhance the image ?
anywhere i 've been that the claw did n't let go i told someone and they unlocked the machine to get it out since it was won fair and square .
they do n't even have a single chapter of the manga anyways .
i hinted this to my friends for my birthday sadly no one picked it up .
the dates are super recently so it 's winter and most people seem to be wearing heavy jackets .
while the backgrounds looks fairly tropical there are many places where it can dip below freezing and the flora still looks green .
neither my definition nor threshold for need for help are not relevant to the fact that this is entirely put of context and theres no way to tell if this kid has actual issues or if he heard the phrase and decided to use it as a justification for acting out any time someone tells him to calm down .
i 'm crazy isolated and is a known problem i 've been trying to work on .
when i do manage to socialize it 's like i have no idea how anymore .
used to be a social chameleon could read the room and adapt to any atmosphere relate to almost everyone i talked to .
these days my intuition is shot so i generally have no read on the room or individuals unless emotions are extremely obvious loud laughter sobbing etc .
if someone asks how i 've been my only options are okay you ? ''
or a long winded discussion of my mental health .
usually the first one works but i literally have no response for anything even slightly probative .
my social outings are limited to two places group therapy where it 's easier and appropriate to discuss the crazy and a group of my husband 's friends who know i have issues and are accepting/supportive .
but it 's hard to tell when a topic is too intense in that setting so i generally say nothing about myself at all .
i can join in discussions about games or shows or whatever if i know the topic but i 'm still hesitant to share opinions or disagree with people because i ca n't really tell whether it 's something innocent or could cause a problem .
i 'm kinda on his boat right now and i 'm so confused by how i feel .
i broke up with him in november telling him that i 'm not ready for a commitment and wanted freedom .
i also felt like i was too comfortable and like i was settling down way too young .
he told me today that he 's seeing someone else and i lost it .
he came over to talk about realizing how upset i was .
i 'm so lost and confused about how i 'm feeling .
i really do love him and he said he 'll always love me .
trying to think about why i broke up with him is foggy and jaded by emotion and fear of losing him completely .
i 'm hoping time will tell but also with time comes fading memories .
as of now we are still friends but it 's hard and i ca n't figure out how i feel .
i 'm sorry you 're in this situation i think meeting new people and spending time with friends helps .
we really want to stay connected and it 's been nice because i can still confide to him about stuff like i always have .
well if you have a 14pt captain it 's like having a miniature cruiser on demand .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/ah7j9c/i_fell_in_love_with_a_special_ed_jew and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likley consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
it seems silly that he would say his name the most that does n't even make sense .
now where do i find this one in german ...
i only buy blankets with satin bindings because i rub the edge of the binding with my fingers .
on what basis are you saying it should have come with the base game '' ?
did they say before selling the game that these things would be in the base game ?
the ad they used to introduce the mach 3 razor was of a fucking sports car .
still ca n't believe there are retards like this guy out there .
oh i 've had some fun clips before this of idiots .
most of them are people who have never seen a roundabout
america 's democracy is amazingly resilient but this may be the ultimate test .
but i do n't think i could afford that .
anyone who does n't use yyyy-mm-dd is a fucking moron .
their currently 3rd in the west and its mostly all because of him .
description tired of being the only one to show up ?
sick of doing raids only to have someone jump lanes ?
we 're a fun friendly competitive but collegial alliance seeking players who enjoy the game and working together .
contact details join our discord https discord.gg/am7p2ek or dm me drankou 1716
additional notes we also have a group of alliances e720 eagleton and the glitter factory .
it would n't be a normal day in reddit if that did n't happen .
i would say mexico because that 's where my parents are from but the country is incredibly corrupt .
the government does not care about its citizens and they are only there for personal gain .
if i were to help the country it would just go back to being the same shithole .
even my own parents—who are mexicans—call it a shithole .
it 's just a joke at those kinds of comments with emojis ...
i mean the tri-colors are the same i think but mexico has an eagle in the middle where ireland has nothing .
who 's this fake asian he does n't even squat like a proper asian .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 because it did not end with a question mark .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
do not include answers or examples in the post title .
you can post answers as comment replies when you 've reposted .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/ah8h8l/lawyers_of_reddit_in_the_office_s4_e8_is_it_legal .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
yes and it 's not even about the smell .
i would n't like to be eurgh someone who 's willing to destroy his body and neglecting himself so much .
it 's a sign of no respect to your health and no effort to be healthy .
i had friends who told me this fight scene sucked and it does n't compare to anything from tdk and tdkrises .
this cover was a big part of my childhood .
it belongs right up there with the iconic spider-man no more cover as one of the best .
and another time walking from the living room to the kitchen .
in season 1 i believed she ca n't be any hotter when she aquired the dragons .
then she burned the khals alive in season 6 ...
so it 's about whose lifetime it 's referring to
unfortunately it has been removed for violating the following rule s
rule i https www.reddit.com/r/murderedbywords/wiki/what-is-a-murder posts must include a murder or a burn .
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the sidebar r/murderedbywords/about/sidebar and the rules https www.reddit.com/r/murderedbywords/about/rules .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/murderedbywords subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/theunibrow53 message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
i like worldbuilding a lot but i want some closure .
you may enter text to the right of the ' ' symbol .
do not use enter or it will break the form .
item name 39 face value of 90 silver quarters plus 1 face value liberty halves
description 39 face value worth of 90 silver quarters and 1 face value of liberty halve dollars total of 40 face value in cilculated condition .
edit since posting this silver has dropped .20 per troy oz .
when it comes time to raffle i will adjust based on the live spot price accordingly .
arcane bodkins and 2 properties eldrazor 's precision/hekarti 's bounty and 3 properties
i guess i 'm a little out of my depth mabye i should mention my highest character is level 21 and i dont know what any of that right there is are they traits ? trinkets ? properties ?
personally speaking it is normal to open your eyes and look at the person you are kissing here and there ... a prolonged stare irl let alone during a kiss is creepy to me .
reminds me of this one show called love at first kiss '' that used to be on tlc ... lol
if op was a woman all of these comments would just say run '' .
i say this as a fellow woman ... op should run .
i know but fortunately i have friends to play with lol .
that 's why i run mono teams lately just to mix it up
i remember going to one of those pop-up poster shop things with my mum back when i was a kid in the early 00 's .
this middle aged man was there was buying simpson-related posters with bart and homer on them from memory purely for the purpose of demonstrating how the characters were bad role models to his kids or students or something .
i remember thinking it was just a tv show who gives a toss ...
so sanji went back to the family to pull a frozone .
i 'm not a vet but i highly recommend going to another vet .
do research on them before you do see what the reviews say and whatnot before picking another one and see what they tell you and go from there .
blanchard acknowledges trans women including late-transitioning trans women transition due to gender dysphoria and he even suggested renaming gender identity disorder '' to gender dysphoria '' in the dsm 4 an idea that was decided against at the time because they were uncomfortable with labelling children gd but which has now been implemented in the dsm 5 .
what he did claim was that the gender dysphoria appears as a result of the autogynephilia growing over time .
however he still allowed those trans women to transition .
he had a very strict gatekeeping system but he applied it to both those he labelled agp and those he did n't so the gatekeeping issue is orthogonal to the agp issue .
blanchard also did n't claim that trans women were aroused all the time merely by living as their preferred gender and in fact distanced himself from that assertion comparing it to how in a long-term marriage people are n't constantly aroused by being around their spouse .
and fuck what this toxic community of softcocks thonks .
this sentence proves to me that you are unable to disscus this anyway .
the question i asked in the first place was why it matters to anyone what cargo destroyers are called .
that i stated my opinion on this matter does not mean that i ca n't think that the disscusion itself is pointless .
he would 've been an engineer back in the day .
that 's quite a swell contraption you 've slapped together there .
say maybe i could get my pop to hire you on whaddya say ol ' pal ? ''
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
please read entire the rules faq section https www.reddit.com/r/hmmm/wiki/rules wiki_1._no_text closely before asking questions .
if you have any questions about this removal please read the rules faq https www.reddit.com/r/hmmm/wiki/rules because it will have the answer .
i know that it 's called bakugan but i have n't watched the show is it good ?
my brother lives way out in the sticks in southern indiana .
spock has never been one to acknowledge talk about or have warm feelings about or been comfortable with his family .
they showed up on the enterprise had a conversation with kirk spock 's best friend with spock literally only a foot away and spock never actually talked to them or introduced them as his parents .
kirk only happened to find out because he prodded spock about his family while unknowingly and coincidentally standing right in front of them at the time .
same deal with sybok no acknowledgement of his existence until it becomes vitally important to his crew 's mission .
spock having issues with family has been a consistent part of his character from tos onwards .
this really reminded me about a particular video about arcane mages https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=issojfhgtws
no self respect and dignity well my dignity does n't lie in my vagina.🤐
dignity has nothing to do with being sexually active or not being sexually active be it casual sex or masturbation .
those who thinks of it in these terms are grade a morons .
the whole game he 's referred to as a boy .
the only thing against it is his feminine nature and his unmasked sprite .
i tried cleaning my disk many times it does has a ring scratch around the outside which is from my old ps4 but how can the disk be unreadable if i get halfway through my download ?
as for the lazer cleaning disk how do i get one and what does it do ?
after day 8-9 i can feel the flatline hitting me and there are no urges so far .
i only have this fan edit of the 2006 anime https drive.google.com/drive/folders/1man3eu6or_c3cnir0umphuai7dkpcif ? usp=drive_open made by u/ssjokg .
edited to remove any ubw and hf spoilers and made it more accurate to the fate route as close as possible .
sym and mei have been seeing quite a bit of play in contenders on the current patch .
who knows how the ptr will impact them though .
the stimulamt effect of kratom is compareable with coffee .
he was a good starter player in the beginning of the game but hes a shadow of his former self from fifa 18 .
i run the same link as op but sub him out for if thauvin
by european standards 1,200 square feet is massive for two or even three people .
either your home 's layout is somehow impossible or you have way too much junk .
look critically at the way you live and own if you ca n't make it work in that amount of space .
ideas for perks i 'd say go with the eberron idea of making perks organised by classes but not restricted to classes or as limited .
100 patron select one of the patrons all of the expanded spell list spells are added to your spell list as is the first level patron feature .
after you leave this setting jump-chan will act in your patrons stead .
200 invocations you have access to the invocations list and can use them like a warlock .
gain two invocations that do n't require prerequisites for free they do not count against your warlock class 's invocations known .
300 pact boon select one of the pact boons and gain two associated invocations
pact of the blade improved pact weapon thirsting blade .
pact of the chain voice of the chain master gift of the ever-living ones .
pact of the tome aspect of the moon book of ancient secrets .
400 patrons favour you have gained your patrons full favour and they have granted you all the features that a l20 warlock might have gained .
if you do not have a patron you can select one .
600 expert invoker can use all of the invocations without worrying about the prerequisites .
great tree live close by but only ever seen it once when i was a lot younger !
neuros and zoans dont make noises other than teeth chitters paired with the omnicient feeling of dread .
the rest id imagine something like elk bugils and moose groans .
fred needs the wander to complete his mission in order to be free .
why would he try to kill him constantly at blackrock if that was the case ?
i 'm not trying to say that my theory '' is flawless but i think it deserves a little more discussion than bad theory .
i disagree i use converse for weightlifting and they 're fine .
in europe we are not allowing flavoured papers with their real flavour in the name because they think it promotes smoking .
this results in ridiculous sounding names like purple '' for grape '' and manic '' for what i think is mango '' .
did you ever hear the tragedy of darth plagiarism the unwise ?
ive got 10k and can add something if interested gt rawci
so did monoma use poltergeist to fly on the bolt or what ?
it is now made out of people bred in a battery farm to bring down prices
you might be happy to know this author is back to writing lis fic ! ! ! ! !
for some reason i remember there being a mclaughlin at eldora
tfw you realize religion makes more sense than science 😂
crazy theory time californias strategy to turn other states blue is to tax everyone so much they have to leave then they continue to vote like idiots everywhere else .
he and his friends get together to dick around with this stuff for fun .
he 's invited me along a couple of times it 's like philosophy with a buttload of math .
they genuinely seem to know what they 're doing while i kind of fade in and out of consciousness and trying not to acknowledge how absolutely dumb i feel lol .
definitely test i 'd be shocked if it actually tested positive for mdma .
he actually quit using twitter because people would n't stop shitting on him for his looks yikes
i bought one readymade track pants in size 2 will post qc later !
everyone said oh there 's no way stamkos is signing for under 10 ... oh no way kucherov signs for under 12 .
y'all are just punching holes and sticking your dicks in the strawmen at this point arent you ?
you have plenty of perfectly good and nice and great cultural celebrations of irish french german scandinavian italian heritage or whatever other european culture settled over yonder you can just pick and choose at this point .
something about seeing a normal innocent photo then naked is just hotter than only naked
so much love for more placeable camp objects as rewards for events and achievements .
i need one of those little house teapots on my table .
if 3 is n't a skunk there 's other plants that produce terpenes which are the molecule that the smell is associated with .
imagine what they could do with jokes on mormonism !
the price plus the amount under the code adjustment . ''
so anything with code aaa will increase by 1 and anything with code bbb will adjust by 2.5 .
any item with any other code will keep the original price .
i 've got my torch and pitchfork who wants to join me at the x
this reply kind of eases me she 's lashed out once or twice in the past but immediately knows she 's fucked up after since we usually talk about it when she 's calmed down .
i 've sent her a message telling her why i had asked her to explain it hopefully it 's clear to her if it 's not and she ca n't see it .
i think it would be wise to move on thanks for the advice !
any current islander is better than an islander that has left us
i forget it was years ago i took a world history class .
but it 's no secret it was punishable by death until even recently and one of the major islamic books that advocated heavily for it .
oh he still takes care of business just not while watching stuff .
i doubt anyone would last with a smoking hot girlfriend like me .
he must have been watching you and waiting for an opportunity to make his move .
he used that as a ploy to get you out of the house and most likely would have kidnapped you had you fell for it .
he probably knew that your mom was out with the dogs and that 's why he approached .
the fact that he did n't go to any other houses and that he picked a moment where you were really alone leads me to believe he 's been following you or at least keeping tabs on the activity of your house .
he probably saw your mom leave with the dogs and knew no one else was home .
only thing you could do if report it to the police and give a description of him and his van .
but even that 's not really gon na solve anything .
what i would do is get some binoculars or something that will let you see far distances .
and try to not so obviously look outside from inside your house to see if anyone is watching your house .
also tell your mom about it so she 's aware because she could be a target too .
sex trafficking has gotten bad in the recent years so i 'd watch my surroundings and be extremely aware of them .
there 's no telling what he could be capable of .
he could have been trying to see how gullible and naive you were .
he might be trying to figure what way to approach you to make you more vulnerable .
and sadly he now knows where you live now .
i 'm not trying to scare you i 'm just making you more aware that this is a real thing and it happens all over the world .
i would take more precautions and look out for his van anywhere you might be .
if you ever see him again report him to the cops immediately and do n't even engage any conversation or eye contact with him .
praying this was a one time crazy thing ! !
i gave them my one tiny upvote just because it made me smile after a bad few days ...
if only she would have sued the surgeon for botching the face lifts you might have actually gotten an inheritance .
with the two jizz comments let me just say that the marbling is so fine that it looks like someone jizzed on some red meat
i will never understand why apple insisted on ruining their podcast app .
maybe i am just an idiot but i find it to be completely unintuitive i can never remember what to click to get where i want to go they made the saved vs downloaded vs listened vs deleted vs deleted from my library thing very confusing i always end up accidentally playing the podcast when i want to see the series or episode description etc etc .
it seems like they took every workflow in the app and just muddled it a little i do not understand at all !
she 'll be bigger than aubrey and chanel soon .
i love the look of it when it 's down .
as far as face shape goes i 'd say yours is pretty round .
my recommendation would be to cut it to just above shoulder length and add in some layers to encourage more volume especially at the top .
i would also definitely recommend checking out r/curlyhair they 'll be able to give you more specific advice
you ca n't just post an image like that and not give us a name chief
how does he know that is n't the real iman or just a chameloid ?
someone get william shatner to jump in there and protect him !
the guy who had his limbs cut off then face skinned and someone shoving a machete into his teeth while still alive as a bloody skeleton
my memory is a little blurry on this one but i do know there were a few kidnappings but unsure about the billboard climbing or the car chase part .
the grandmas who come to watch our little one occasionally take it upon themselves to rearrange a thing or two but i ca n't imagine them throwing something away without checking with us .
smash melee is a super high contender for me .
oral is n't always on the menu for the wife and i .
we can have a great time and neither one of us does it .
there are times where only i receive and my wife typically says after that it was the way i was touching and caressing her that made her do it .
basically she got so into the moment she went for it .
on the flip side every time i give to her only she gets it .
i get extremely turned on pleasing her that way .
by the time she 's orgasmed a couple times i 'm at full attention no warm up needed and we go for the big finish .
why work if you can get 100 for sleep apnea from getting fat or ptsd from a deployment to kuwait
i read on here in a comment that she 's 6ft tall not that that really means anything but it has to help somehow !
show cps the texts you 've been receiving because it 's clear that if they give custody to a family member they will let her mother care for her regardless of how high she is .
you did nothing wrong and you may have even helped .
ensuring addicts suffer no consequences does them no good because they have no reason to change .
now she has a chance to wise up get sober and become the parent her child needs .
ysk there are way better games to play than monopoly .
and have as many instances running as your cpu will let you and you 'll have yourself a good team in an hour or so .
dont know what its worth so just thru price on it lol
if you want to hit the gmr this spring for smallies let me know .
i 'm sorry i 'm a bit lost could you happen to link it ?
too bad he was a blind follower who told everyone he would give rob a million .
the clothes from 2014 on are such crap quality no glitz nothing special .
pretty sure i read about how the fbi found out that all the tech needed to make a nuke can be found and learned online because a group of students proved it .
it might have been a fake article though so idk .
i remember noting to myself that the previous play was offsides which was missed by the ref.. they likely lost track of the zone clearances .
as long as you do n't go around turning off windows 10s security features you 're good .
do n't forget ublock origin for all your browsers edge too !
2 years sounds like a very short amount of time
leading police officers in the uk are just now being charged with gross negligence manslaughter for the deaths of 96 people in the hillsborough disaster which happened 30 years ago !
bonds and clemens never got caught or failed a test .
does n't work though if you just call him ben
i know george romero was the inspiration for re and i appreciate all his work for zombie films .
i have the utmost respect for the man and i even love his 30-second commercial for re2 and wished it was longer like a short film .
i think if he had a bigger collaboration with the re series it would be more grounded .
i like my re to be a bit over-the-top .
the true name after all is biohazard and the focus was on a corporation experimenting with a mutagenic virus that creates monsters with zombies being a mere side effect if you will .
like zombies are the pawns and the hunters/lickers/chimeras/tyrants/bandersnatches/etc are the knights and towers and kings .
still i do think that if he did make some input i guess we would have more varieties for zombies other than crimson heads .
perhaps special zombies similar to those in left 4 dead or state of decay .
we maybe could have gotten intelligent zombies similar to the russian zombies in resident evil retribution .
speaking of which i am inclined to say that i have read his script for a live-action treatment and although it is closer to the games than any of the anderson films it was mediocre to say the least .
it was all over the place and made me realize a direct adaptation of the games maybe just the first one would be really difficult to pull off .
it 's either a hit or a miss and i do n't want to sound disrespectful but in my opinion his script was a huge miss .
i know it sounds bad and reason to downvote me but romero got more wrongs than rights in his script as much as it was faithful to the source .
edit edited some things i have to say because i do n't want to sound like i 'm trashing romero .
i love the man and god rest his soul but his script was not what i was hoping for .
she looks a little bit like my last doggie pepper so cute d
is there any suggestion to what might actually cause a collapse in the dollar ?
i have just confirmed that the kids do n't have to toss any reusable containers their food is in !
you would be surprised how hard it can be .
here 's a dumb example but it may help .
imagine the small drama being a lvl 20 enemy .
anyone positive and currently thinking rational is like lvl 100 they can brush it off easily .
someone mentally ill has their stats drastically reduced so no matter what level they are the enemy does some considerable damage .
your immune system '' may be healthy but someone else not up to par may easily be damaged by these smaller things .
yeah they are doing their job and you 're complaining about scores ... they suck
im 2120 with almost 99 slayer but ok retard .
vortex he 's a breeze me is a horrible nightmare lol .
oh man i could not give less fucks about this and certainly not enough to read your oddisey-sized rant .
as neat as this looks i think it 's a bad plan and here 's why .
roads that this is going to happen on will have a shoulder which is where the cars are going to have to drive .
this create what you see here a lane between two columns of either slow moving or not moving vehicles .
if you 've ever been in a lane that was free flowing next to a lane that was slow moving you know how dangerous that can be to all involved .
i think it 's better to have emergency vehicles drive on the shoulder .
this gives them an open area at least on one side to avoid further accident .
the closest thing to that was the philidelphia project which apparently manifested an object several minutes from the future and then promptly broke .
there 's a significant margin of error between that and rewriting 400bc to suit our shipping fantasies .
it 's funny how buzzfeed now is n't credible yet conservatives never doubted its credibility when the news about kevin spacey broke .
keep in mind we have not seen all the details and mechanics of the dark zone and there are maybe some restrictions that we have not seen yet .
i read this as california shooter survives las vegas shooting and in my opinion that made for a more interesting story in my head
i really tried to both build up the fact that he was a kanir while still making it a satisfying reveal .
there 's a way to make sure you do n't .
i 'm not confusing anything brosky no need to explain to me the difference between a dm or am .
best thing i found for comps at different times get some rest before hand via naps during the day before the event or the night before too late now for tonight !
drinking plenty of water/beer/coffee i do a rotation between them as it keeps your mind and body awake as you have to go make and get them !
and finally make sure you eat later in the day as well as this will throw your daily stomach movements so your body will be working away so it 'll be harder to sleep .
or just not obsess over an unborn baby 's genitals like wtf is wrong w ppl
he talks about the whole clemson/trump fast food dinner .
as with most everyone associated with the dls he is so much better when sports is n't the core topic .
remember op is a real person who has taken a risk by posting photos of herself to the internet .
if in doubt ask yourself how would i feel if someone posted this comment about me ? ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chubby if you have any questions or concerns .
you took the prompt and turned it into art worthy or respect .
personally if it was me about to die i would want the massive fent dose .
i do n't really care that much about my families guilty conscience .
what 's the alternative keep me on a vent forever ?
i 'm certainly not a doctor but i ca n't see how this even controversial .
they have not say it will be jan. just hoping for .
matt has mentioned that there 's a personal thing he wants to take care of before the show starts .
trod on a slug ... caused me to slip down a bank into a stream put my hand out to stop the slide and cut my hand on some broken glass went right through the palm .
was picking bits of broken glass out of the back of my hand for days .
i 'm in the uk and i saw twinkies for the first time a few years ago and after watching us shows and movies i thought they 'd taste amazing ...
they were okay but i can probably make better and make it taste a lot less buttery .
the actual resolution of this image is 2302x1536 not 6120x4085 .
see this https www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/wiki/index wiki_resolution.3f_what_is_that_and_how_can_i_find_it.3f page for information on how to find out what the resolution of an image is .
does your nic have a broadcom chip on it ?
i ca n't speak for other rangers fans but this bat flip was much easier to swallow than the 2011 world series .
still waiting on that trickle down from the recent tax cut .
i 've never paid for porn but there 's a specific site i 've been eyeing for the past few months that has art from an artist who makes really good stuff that i specifically enjoy .
almost all of their content is behind a paywall and i 've had trouble finding it elsewhere aside from one comic that 's floating around .
i 'm very seriously considering signing up so i can download all of their art and see if there 's a follow-up to that one comic i like so much .
donating blood today i will be wearing my sticker all day .
i dunno i never liked top gear but i 've enjoyed almost every episode of grand tour .
cutting on 600 mg test works but there 's no way to avoid at least some water weight on cycle .
low dose test plus a non aromatizing compound is better if you 're trying to stay dry on cycle .
maybe he 's just using it to smuggle stuff in or out of the prison .
people use animals to get contraband into the prison .
no it doesn‘t cause any problems as the same law states that if there are more than two lanes that in between the most left lane and the lane next to it the corridor has to be mantained .
yes the shoulder would be a solution but in germany the shoulders are sometimes either too narrow for big trucks e.g .
a firefighter truck or we also have parts of the autobahn that don‘t have a real shoulder .
ana/healer can only do so much and very often it is up to your off tank to peel for you .
so my advise is to keep an eye of where your off tank is at and make sure he has los when you engage .
if u are still up i will be glad i was sleeping xd
maybe the khajiit was adopted and given a bosmer name ?
nah i agree i 'm kinda surprised the race change token does n't have a name change rolled into it anyway .
i get jealous when i see those ginnas who wear like s sizes
i have 5 runes left to test 50 more games then i 'll update with my finds tho comet does seem like the best all around
i wonder if mincing it before adding the shrimp would yield better results .
yeah that 's what i 'm doing haha just dropped a crap load on the new allegiance set
i can understand not wanting to make a long-term commitment while we wait for some of the outfield talent in the minors to arrive but surely there is an option for 1-2 year contract that would supplement those other two .
yeah totally should talk about this and not just up and break things off
probably not the best time to bust out any racist narwhal jokes
i really really hope this is n't another one of those we have him now ! ''
revelations that turn out to get buried under multiple crises in just a few short days .
we need to put the pressure on congress asap .
if clinton can be impeached for lying about a blowjob certainly trump should be impeached for obstruction of justice .
i think i have finally got my husband into taking better care of his skin .
my question is after coming out of the shower what order should he do things in so he does n't lose too much moisture from his face .
or air dry his face toner shave toner then moisturizer ?
actually the effective rate of taxation or the amount of money the government was actually taking out rather than just them saying so was around 45 .
i love all the little eastern '' qwalli notes he throws in there .
who would 've thought traditional indian/sitar based music would work so well in the blues but it does and is so interesting and infectious as you say .
i got to see ttb a couple months ago .
i was about 10 feet from derek the whole time and he 's just so smooth and cool .
the whole band is great and susan is about the size of a squirrel but has a massively huge voice .
she just so happens to be married to and in a band with the best guitar player a good problem to have .
is n't this attitude the reason why their is so much division ?
you have no reason to be mad at the dog .
you left your system out where the dog could get it .
your dog either was n't trained well or did n't have proper toys or exercise to prevent the chewing .
this could also cause a lot of harm to the dog still .
if it swallowed any plastic bits they can perforate his stomach and/or intestines
as a dog owner this is 100 your responsibility .
hopefully you learned a lesson about pet ownership because of this .
not to mention the fact that it 's a cover .
i though the same tbh it really reads like that if you take the lyrics at face value .
after receiving gold please make a comment that contains exactly this i have been gilded flair me please ! ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freegold if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe pay ypur employees a prevailing wage and you wouldnt have to worry about it nearly as much
really loud russian hardbass but with the lowest quality possible might include screaming parents in the background ?
and the part that has to be paid back is further reduced by how good your grades have been when finished with uni .
ppl with an 1 x grade only have to pay back 10 or 15 .
yeah not to mention their request for passive mode or private sessions which will ultimately kill the free roam experience part of the game in my opinion .
skip mc go for chumash or farmhouse bunker with both production upgrades .
so ... the marketing department 's wednesday morning beer money fund ?
edit found it it is completely trasparent and i did n't see the little objective dots among all the fx flying around .
just finished the last episode of season 2 on netflix and little spoiler holy shit mills was such a rambo bad ass taking on that whole building by himself .
for starters you draft from a communal pool throughout the game rather than a set lineup you take into a game on cr .
this means no p2w and you ca n't be countered before a match has ever started .
its also 8 players rather than a 1v1 game .
while that is a true statement i do n't think it applies to that quote .
it 's pretty simple our wants and desires are unconscious our choices are not .
i think the 'real ' name is actually pelargonium .
always close the bedroom door so he does n't try to eat the rabbit again .
always close the bedroom door so he does n't try to eat the fish again .
shit reading this made me realize i had some thought about not living in an already failed nation in my system that it had creeped in like a thief in the night without me knowing .
just the way i reacted to reading this comment made me realize i still had some inkling of hope and care lurking for the us .
which is a roadblock moving on and adapting to a post-us world so bye-bye to that killed it once again with a steel-toed boot to its skull .
technically religious people contradict themselves on this defense of free will .
if god knows everything that has happened and ever will happen it means that your decisions are already determined .
thus disproving the free will that they claim was given to them by that same god and which makes them special .
i could be wrong but i 'm pretty sure that a large portion of americans would n't mind a unification with canada .
dude whats with you and your rules of veganism hahaha
if by an hour nothing happens just call me and we 'll sort things out .
i would suggest getting more ram 2×8 and maybe take the lower speed of a hdd if you really are in a tight budget .
recommending that you and your friends go to panda express invites their opinion .
you 're literally asking them what their opinion is if they would like to go .
me bringing leftover panda express to work for lunch and mentioning it in passing invites nobody 's opinion .
for someone to decide to let me know that it 's not real chinese '' is extremely rude .
last summer it was 50 twice once mid summer during their big chair event and then once during late summer for back to school .
at least if i recall correctly i bought one for myself and one for my so both times 50 off .
ugh i did this one as the friend and i still feel bad about it later .
i got hired on his recommendation and then got fired 3 months in .
it was a learning experience for me and it turns out my firing didnt actually reflect badly on him but i still felt like an asshole .
you know gillette and p g are american companies right ?
so overnight in the us would be when its primary target market would be viewing and reacting to this .
time is of the essence of someone goes missing .
and let me tell you risky s4 week 7 was a hard bad place .
please post questions like this in the help thread https www.reddit.com/r/octopathtraveler/comments/ads5da/help_megathread as to not clog up the sub .
if it is a chapter specific question please ask it in the relevant thread which can be found in the aforementioned thread .
if you think your question has wrongly been removed please message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/octopathtraveler if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm fine with getting it one year after release for 75 off on steam .
i literally say it all the time whenever i do something even moderately impressive
bj going up in weight to finish prime hughes in the 1st round was one of the goat wins .
he was less than 10 fights into his career as well .
serra was one of the biggest underdogs in mma history and tko 'd prime gsp in the first round .
even though fedor had declined werdum being the first man to decisively beat him was one of the most important wins in mma history .
i can not get this thing to work i see logging in the debug but no actual overlays
they need to use vpn because google is blocked in china ?
jailing people because they oppose your government or are n't part of the majority race=bad '' what ?
when did they jailing people based on ethincity ffs .
are you thinking about one of those uyghur concentration camp '' bullcrap that have been debunked ?
i remember this story from a long time ago and when i went to the article the article itself is a few days old but many of the facebook posts it references are 3 years old .
so there is some reposting going on but it was done by the website
so it 's a board full of males and males acting like females .
but saying not to pursue a rb in the draft or fa i think is a mistake .
we need somebody to make those plays that jay made for us last year .
jah coming of an acl is n't somebody i think can do it for us but i think there are a plethora of options in the draft .
why does everything move so fast all the time .
can the camera not stay still for 5 seconds ?
not everything has to be life or death stakes to be engaging .
does all sentient life really need to be in danger again ?
people who move on in a short amount of time usually already have someone waiting in the background .
in addition to that those that move on fast were n't as invested in the relationship as the partner was .
when it comes to break ups the usual advice is just sleep with someone else which is stupid but people that were invested in the relationship rarely do this .
the coliseum is iconic but it 's old rusty and ugly and currently under repairs .
if life has taught me one thing it 's that this movie will actually be entirely about the young new ghostbusters and the old guard will appear only as brief cameos .
your life must not include watching the force awakens halloween 2018 or bladerunner 2049 .
the rule if thumb now is pass the torch '' with at least one returning character having a significant role in the new story .
my money is on ray is a major character and the plot revolves directly around deceased egon in some way .
35 has been a congested three lane mess for decades now .
nearly nothing has been done about it though it seems like continual construction throughout .
if there is ever a serious evacuation threat where people need to get out of south/central texas quickly we 're fucked .
and we saw how i10 fared during the hurricanes in houston .
there 's also so many potholes all over town it 's ridiculous they just fill them in year after year and eventually parts of the road are like cobblestone .
however we seem to have endless money to give back to corporations wars or the emperor 's new great wall
so i need something that specifically grinds for espresso separate from a grinder for pour over and french press .
u/op do a search in this sub or the golfgti sub for carplay or android auto and you will find tons of threads of people who went this route .
rcd330 https www.ebay.com/itm/mib-6-5-mib-rcd330-carplay-desay-187b-stereo-6rd-035-187-b-antenna-adapter/252934531446 ? hash=item3ae412a976 g:5o8aaosww3ty6qvk rk:1 pf:0 is carplay only and rcd340 https www.ebay.com/itm/android-auto-carplay-6-5-mib-rcd340-no-name-187b-for-vw-golf-jetta-tiguan/263466088255 ? hash=item3d57cd773f g:60iaaoswdx1asboq rk:1 pf:0 is carplay and android auto .
the latter is a little more expensive at 250-275 .
if you have steering wheel controls you will need this adapter https www.ebay.com/itm/mfsw-quadlock-adapter-for-rcd330-on-jetta-gti-golf-mk5-fix-battery-drain-issue/263645817560 ? hash=item3d6283ead8 g bcaaoswlsfa5gyq rk:2 pf:0 to retain functionality otherwise you should be fine without it .
cheapest and most oem route because it is oem just not usdm .
ping works as does https just no ssh to any system .
the game did n't make people neglect their children .
the people lacked self control that 's like saying a drug addict is n't responsible for neglecting their children it 's heroins fault when they chose to shoot up in the first place
de minaur was also 6 years old when rafa won roland for the first time
and if all else fails try calling microsoft support they 'll give you a new one
a bridge means someone who is useful for everyone broke means he will not be able to help you .
fell into a river means you both will start a work .
u can just redownload the one from the store make sure that u do n't use the modded one on wt though anywhere else you are fine .
do you go through other apartments to get to your own apartment ?
i 've seen people drop packs on loop trails and trails accessible by roads in different sections as water stashes so they did n't have to carry it all .
the first time i saw one though my head went to a pretty dark place because i was on my own .
i got the update but my wife did n't .
now i have to have sexy time with her since we ca n't play duos ...
edit forgot that some of you guys require the s
was he wearing a hood ... or a hockey mask ?
yeah the casino decided to drop the charges actually ''
crony capitalism '' is just capitalism as it 's always been and always will be .
the reason i 've had women leave me is because i never try to stop them no one is ever with me against their will .
feminism if you keep a woman from leaving you you 're a controlling patriarchal oppressor .
well no one is taking on that contract and parise is our offense .
soooooo to the pit of misery we go dilly dilly !
it was in the basement with the door shut .
it would n't have seemed that loud to someone upstairs .
plus he could just say he has it turned up so he can hear it upstairs .
ru 's dress does n't pop at all and the weird emerald/navy vibe of the other three make them look like her little monsters .
i know most people think they were a one hit wonder and only know flagpole sitta but this album is honestly in my top 10 .
your post was removed for ignoring the spoiler policy .
if you 're posting a meme put the word shirtpost in the title .
otherwise just let your readers know what spoilers to expect .
at a minimum you must include a valid season number s1 s2 or s3
if your topic wo n't contain spoilers use s1e1 or no spoilers
you may resubmit with the appropriate spoiler warning in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/thegoodplace if you have any questions or concerns .
i thought this would be a fitting match for the prompt i posted yesterday
this is his third year in the league and he 's being crap more often than not this year .
no listening to metal during catholic mass. 🙄 still gon na ...
and you started the video where the preview left off props to you big guy !
this bot wants to find the best and worst bots on reddit .
even if i do n't reply to your comment i 'm still listening for votes .
check the webpage to see if your vote registered !
remember to stay hydrated when browsing cropped yiff memes children !
if you do n't want to use serverless cf etc you can export the api gateway definition to a swagger file and check that in .
jesus i wish someone in my area would do this .
it would be a huge break for me ... renting is starting to get really expensive and all the gas i 'd have to spend to commute in rush hour traffic makes moving to the cheaper areas around where a work a wash .
cause it 's more like it starts of with yes !
i got em then turns into oh goddamnit then if they kill you after it 's a fuuuuuuuuuuuuck ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
blizzard gets your cash and the tokens worth of cash because it already existed
it could work but i do n't think it would sell as well .
even worse those who believe they have been led out of the cave could very well just be in the next cavern over or have gone completely in the wrong direction .
all they know for certain is that they think differently .
ah yeah another justification was that the silver chains came from italy or something .
her silver items are much better now and closer to a reasonable price .
elon needs to make a tesla deep-sea rover ... there are so many alien species down there .
that squid that had the predator looking hood with like 20 ft tentacles that was caught on video off a deep sea oil rig not too long ago is fucking terrifying .
and usually not as ridiculous as making eye contact '' with someone else .
im not even thai and i make coffee with coconut milk .
all duramax have a limited slip diff in the rear so similar .
now i want some ow/sa crossover fan fiction or something
it was originally but it 's become something special now and even as a non indigenous person it 's fast becoming one of my favourite rounds
idk if they do it everywhere but where i grew up in the midwest dill pickle roll ups were a standard snack .
dill pickle spears cream cheese rolled up in deli ham or corned beef .
better watch out mizkif 's got his cowboy gear and is ready for a shootout
we should n't be expected to enjoy something in the not interesting sub
the way such programs are usually designed they create more extra places provided three are filled by the target .
you can not always tell if a person 's indigenous by the colour of skin just as you can not always tell if someone is disabled at a glance .
i doubt your friend thinks people with dark skin should die
just cause one indigenous person elsewhere was light skinned .
a lot of very indigenous people look pale skinned .
mistreating the animals you kill for food is abuse there is a distinction .
this place is a cross between the pub in shameless and paddys pub from its always sunny when crickit is smoking in the bathroom
i look outside and see 23°c and wish my chilly days knew open water .
i 'm a teacher and just talking for a 5-6 hour teaching day sometimes makes me gravelly and sore .
standing on a street corner for hours at a time hawking wares would be excruciating .
most social policies boil down to americans being racist as fuck .
ah if the boss is killed you need to use red soap
state housing was driven by the imperative of building the greatest amount of housing for the least amount of spending .
which is why they used standardised designs and comparatively cheap locally sourced building supplies .
all of which is interesting but of no relevance to pre-war villas which are highly desirable despite being built in the era before modern building regulations .
is n't it funny that buildings built by tradesman with primary school level educations have become our most desirable properties ?
a cynic might suggest that excessive regulation has actually set us back ...
that 's why we have laws against animal cruelty .
just try substituting cauliflower for mashed potatoes and you 'll never eat mashed potatoes again .
my silverado 3500 dually will do 480 while towing 20,000lbs
take a drink every time kate says i 'm coming with you. actually do n't you might die .
looks like they was so in a hurry to release that map that testers was n't able to check it at all !
if something is keeping you from consuming something ... .i take it as a sign .
it 's another reason to hate ea of course they are gon na bite .
sorry to dissapoint but my gear now on him is still very bad mainly just accessory and i 'm only planning to show him once i 've collect all pieces and summon exodia .
have n't played in a while but i 'll jump back in to it for the fun !
one of those guys is bound to be a former miner with dead 290s lying around .
those things were killer eth mining cards if you had cheap electricity
you do n't take your fingers off the buttons to jump or whatever you map it too .
do n't buy a scuf though all you really need is strike pack fps dominator mod device
you seem to be mixing up kj and kcal .
175 kilocalories 732 kilojoules which seems to be the numbers given .
get a playstation for the exclusives ... .. you could honestly run most xbox games on pc .
only thing xbox has is the game pass but the ps4 has stuff like death stranding and days gone coming .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your question has been removed as it looks like you 're needing assistance of some sort which violates askreddit 's rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2
any post with personal pronouns i my mine will not be approved .
otherwise if these do n't fit your needs check out the multireddits in our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/about/sidebar which cover almost every topic imaginable thanks !
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help related post review request message=my post was removed for being help related please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/ahke1d/what_is_one_thing_i_should_start_doing_right_now .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
can we get an f in the comments for this man ?
did he mentioned why he did not do it ?
maybe it was too dirty for him to do the act ?
i like to go down on my girl but i rather not receive any bjs from them as i feel is dirty and not necessary
i feel that if he does not go down on you you should not do it for him too
getting some diet tonic for when i need a g/t someday .
i do n't even get why they should apologize .
and beyond that it 'd be worth considering why her heart rate dropped low enough to trigger the warning .
yes it 's certainly lacking in testing the production side of your japanese ability but i do believe how it tests comprehension is fairly in depth as far as i can tell !
and yes i 'm not sure how it started going around that ‘jlpt n1 is really obscure japanese even native speakers have trouble with ' but that 's certainly not the case !
n1 material is extremely useful for native material you encounter every day in japan .
so not only did he go full on nice guy '' but also narrated this shit .
how can you think hmm this will be a good thing to write and is n't cringy as fuck !
you can try work travel which is a great experience i ca n't do it myself for reasons..
how much anyone want to bet that no other vizard masks will ever be used as cosmetics for our cacs ?
before you put butter on your knife you put the littlest bit of butter on first and keep putting it on more and more it will soften the butter so you dont have to warm it up .
like you sway your butter knife back and forth and gradually put more butter on it until desired amount and the butter should be soft lol that 's my best explanation
it 's not even the same group of people .
try chugging baking soda for uti google uti baking soda for instructions
try garlic in the hoohah for a few days .
fresh is best poke it with a knife to get the allicin flowing .
despite all the tripe about gender being a socal construct science shows that much of our behavior is dictated by hormones .
some are hormones we are exposed to while in the womb that also produce the physical differences you know penises and vaginas .
then at puberty we are again hit with hormones .
if females xx are hit with the male hormones mainly testosterone iirc while in the womb they masculinize in appearance and exhibit more masculine behavior competitive aggressive etc .
this is research done with animals so social construct does n't apply .
i just read a good article on this the other day but i 'm on my phone and do n't have the link handy .
it was a science journal do n't remember the name .
endocrinology was in the title and my search term was testosterone gender differences '' i think .
if you think this is creepy you should see the pharaohs serpent !
its like this but much larger and instead of only growing upwards it spins and twists and branches .
i 'm glad you 're all right but i 'm also confused about this story .
so if it did n't happen if out of an atm .
so they got in that car and you got in yours and they followed you i mean i 'm confused
that 's not stated but i think it was because it showed that metas were dangerous and could one day destroy the dominantors
do n't expect other people to realise what you are trying to do or care even if they do .
if you overtake always be prepared to fall back and pull back in if anything unexpected happens without even thinking about it .
my buddy sent it to me and i hope it was n't fake .
there are some mexicans and some hondurans and now maybe some muslims .
do we know those prayer rugs were n't border agents ' ?
removed this is an english speaking subreddit characters not in the english language have been detected in your title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/brawlstars if you have any questions or concerns .
sheridan jacks up the tuition for its animation and film programs .
york u was 2000 in 1991 however sheridan charged 4000 for media arts in 1997
no need to go on tv to do that just pick up the phone and offer it to them .
cut it out you two or i 'll kill you both
people who are wishing for giannis to be in the dunk contest must not have seen this abomination
because democrats were saying this means impeachment and it would have been the same crime nixon first got hit with .
could you imagine the democrats in the house impeaching trump and then a few months later mueller reveals that their source for impeaching was wrong or made up ?
it got out of hand and they had to do something .
i 'm trying to imagine this weird multi axis squat machine you are talking about .
do you have a link to what it looks like ?
if fmil refuses to drop it tell her that a she rude as hell let 's see if she likes it when strangers popped by her home and insult them b she does n't live there she does n't pay rent there her name is not on the lease not her business .
remind him that a was kind enough to offer you half of the apartment in the first place at a good price .
disagreements would happen and the three of you should get along .
again you two accepted because of the area 's benefits .
ask him that when you two get married and had fights over something as little as that would he be dragging in mommy every time ?
they 're literally the dumbest people on the planet .
the need or not need for floride is a convo for a doctor/dentist to to have with a patient .
it 's something to connect about at those 6 month yearly cleanings .
we have laca auba and eddie not to mention plenty of excellent forwards in the youth ranks .
some fans in the giroud club never cease to astound me with their irrational boy band crush on him .
mueller wants to control the rollout of damning info and how fast and how high the temperature gets turned up ... still many big fish to catch
imagine a torrent of kittens falling out of that cow .
i just realized that even the toroidal world would cause serious headaches in world generation .
let 's say the player starts in the center of the square and explores far to the east but does n't quite get to the edge '' .
then he comes back and explores far to the west .
the terrain generated in the far east and the far west have to match because they 're actually really close to each other !
but there 's no immediately obvious way to force that to happen .
unless you generated the whole world at once of course but again that would be too small a world to be interesting .
sure no doubt this problem could be solved with sufficiently clever programming .
but again it 's a significant amount of effort for no return .
wait this is n't how you use the meme .
something to do with accessibility features to disabled gamers involving the text chat being very difficult to code into the game .
i 'm not too sure about the exact details .
hey we have 354k protecting the loli of this season man we have gone so far as a race of degenerate
it did n't need a cast just straps to keep hour shoulder straight and an arm sling .
my appendix burst and it hurt so bad for 3 days before going to the doctor because mom kept telling me i just ate bad food and because we were on vacation .
they took me did some tests and basically told me i had the flu and would eventually heal by myself ... two days later in a new city i could n't bear it anymore and they took me to a new hospital .
turns out i had a burst appendix peritonitis and sepsis .
they had to obviously remove my burst appendix and clean out my whole intestines because of bacteria and whatever leaked out from my appendix that was causing and infection .
you must suck if you hold gear to be non expendable
i forgot what a good solid screen looked like until i saw boogie 's today he got klay and curry open looks
drag race bringing out all these surreally hot af asian men and i 'm loving it .
but the thing bothers me why show how a knight can move ?
they 've modified two rules that diagram would indicate i do n't get to move backwards .
had maybe half a dozen pictures on a floppy .
it 's a shame the merch is so expensive their designs are really cool this time around also
the sun will still rise and trump will still have tiny hands .
google duck paddle nails its absolutely horrid and when i watch long island medium i can never take my eyes off of her nails .
primarchs ii and xi are somewhere in one of the blood raven 's vault worlds but they lost them alongside the golden throne maintenance manual '' and they ca n't be bothered to search through centuries worth of stuff they borrowed '' .
i like the animation style but right when it started i knew one of them was gon na die .
it really could n't have gotten much more cliche .
also those are the whitest asians i 've ever seen .
i was disappointed when i put in the season 5 blu-ray and the unique credits did n't play .
teeth funding and truely independent oversight is what is needed .
i was gon na downvote this but i forgot that this is what i signed up for
we 'll be releasing some rtx terminals before long that allows the little terminal shroud covers to be kept
all the presets and characters from early in the game are still punching bags .
but the ones you get from progressing in the story dlcs and the later pqs are sometimes pretty smart .
my volunteering experience did involve washing a lot of test tubes and other containers now that i think of it .
would that really help in emailing professors asking for volunteer work ?
it could have been joined to fail the quest '' .
on a serious note the most likely cause is that the faster fingers joined the quest ahead of you .
try posting a quest and then sos-ing to see if you still have problems .
please post to r/royalerecruit r/royalerecruit or our recruitment discord https discord.gg/royalerecruit instead .
friend or clan links can be posted in the discord .
any questions message the mods https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fclashroyale subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/clashroyale/comments/ahjgt4 .
subreddit rules r/clashroyale/about/rules reddiquette wiki/reddiquette reddit 's rules wiki/rules new to reddit ?
i was in boy scouts all through junior high and high school and still camp and hike pretty frequently as an adult .
i 've never once had issues setting up a table .
i do n't know if you and the people in the other thread are just making wild guesses about what camping is like or have your own unique table themed troubles or what but this is really a nonissue .
in the same location of the house or at different parts of the house ?
she 'll be caught sooner rather than later but in the meantime it 's dangerous for you guys .
if anything fishy happens you should go to a hotel with security .
there 's nothing more dangerous than a crazy bitch that thinks she 's righteous and entitled to everything .
i 'm sorry she 's spoiling what should be a happy time for your family .
the good news is that once she 's caught she likely wo n't get off with a slap on the wrist and maybe she 'll get the help she needs in prison or at least she 'll be somewhere where she ca n't hurt other people .
usually these systems in theory at least rely on car-to-car communication .
going through a cell tower adds too much latency most of the time .
sent one last wall message with my contact details and notifying people that my account was going to be deleted .
a few days later i deleted it and never looked back !
very happy with the decision and now i only really message the people that matter and no more wasting time on pointless posts drama or conversations .
all the cons really outweighed the pros for having an account .
yes shoving generally meets the criteria for assault/battery in the us .
being called a skank is unlikely to be a useful defense .
injuries could increase your sister 's legal exposure but a lack of injuries will not invalidate the case against her as assault/battery charges do n't require injuries .
the girl 's family ca n't file criminal charges though .
filing a police report gets the process started but that does n't constitute criminal charges .
and the da might opt not to file charges if the evidence is lacking and/or the shoving seems minor enough .
the 30k of each resource is also likely nothing compared to how much they 'll spend grinding the map trying to get that high score either .
it 's just interesting to see how high the gem payouts to those positions are especially with how quickly they then drop off .
well on xbox you pay 15 dollars for the base game and the dlcs are separate buys
lol i slowed down the other day because there was a kid playing near the road and he looked at the big black german car rolling towards him and freaked out .
i think the road workers appreciate it a little more
also regarding the inaccuracy criticisms by certain people i think it would be too hard for all the 8 year olds playing pf to answer a survey on their playstyles and mains
how hard would it be to do a led swap on those ?
considering kaidomain has the high cri sst 20 available in 2700k and 3000k
saying santa is more realistic than god existing the past 15 or so years ...
yes in terms of the workforce of the british transport police .
i used to do pedicures in a salon and you could totally tell when women wear heels often .
my turrets just look at them without a reaction .
even with your explanation i still would n't pronounce it right .
probably my medical background but if your clientele is n't greek in origin it may not be regularly pronounced correctly .
there 's definitely a lot of thought into it though and i like the logic .
i am not i home right now i will arrive in a few hours
blitz is used every once in a while im pretty sure g2 used it in the previous match and their rivals dealt with it by throwing c4s at him haha .
honestly if you need to be a pro player to be able to counter blitz then something is not right ...
this is pretty much the only time a cop has gone to jail for shooting a black man .
we are more advanced than everywhere else from the looks of it
well you could try out alien isolation in vr if that 's your thing might not be horror but scares the shit out of me lol .
this is definitely the most important information on this thread .
each time of the day has it 's mood .
i find it easier to make a happy song during the day than at night .
john and arthur are brothers and they act like it .
they did a really good job of portraying arthur 's utmost respect for charles .
thank you i was looking forward to these protoss as well but lotv was great anyway in my opinion .
if it offers any help i can assure that true supporters are forged through disappointments defeats and tears .
your kid will grow up to be a true gooner not some glory hunter .
jewellry and snot is disgusting they make me feel sick .
being too clingy i ca n't text someone every hour and give a running commentary of what is happening in my life .
i have heard of cetaphil before that makes a lot of sense !
the win was just straight up carried by upset and vitality 's baron calls .
at least we 're not brazil '' does n't quite convince me lol ...
not trying to make a joke but how will hue get head coaching experience from a failed college coach ?
that 's a recipe for diaster since kliff will struggle because he sucks and hue will be right there to stab him in the back.
maybe she can hide her shame with another three ounces of foundation .
your post has been removed because the title did not begin with a spoiler tag .
please read the spoiler guide https www.reddit.com/r/outlander/wiki/spoilers wiki_tagging_your_thread for more information and resubmit your properly-tagged post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/outlander if you have any questions or concerns .
and yes of course if 70 of the elected polticians cant form a mayority that just shows how bad a system belgium has and of course thats good for nva .
they could form a majority but there would just be to much ideological differences for it to be workable wich means that all the parties in that coalition would lose heavily politically .
how does that show that the belgian system is bad ?
i often wonder if it got this way because so much importance emphasis has been given to gender stereotypes over the years that you now get people who feel they do n't belong in a gender because they do n't fit the stereotypes .
u just used consensual '' rape '' in same sentence ...
yeah children were big problem of telling out secrets and getting whole family in trouble .
like it was very risky to celebrate christmas because it was christian holiday so it was banned .
the nike one from 2018 vai na brasileiragem with the kid shouting 'this shirt has history ! '
is great as well one of the few ones of the last years i really enjoyed .
click this link to see why you need to think about your optimism again .
sorry to hear that you spent so much time doing something that could take you barely 30 mins .
i would suggest you to always find easier methods the moment you see that the things that you do take way too much time .
nice to see balance on here did n't expect to see anything from sheff on this subreddit
the editing is very clean jokes were high quality also .
the only things i would have added personally would be maybe a couple more poopisms like a scramble or 2 but obviously that 's just preference .
overall it looks like you know what you 're doing based off of that short clip and i 'm kind of excited to see what else you can pull off
i would n't say you have fewer rights but a lesser amount of the same ones .
we have supreme court decisions currently on the books that reach the conclusion that money=free speech therefore it follows that if you have less money you have less access to free speech .
restrictions on the right to vote have been curtailed in the past land ownership poll tax but they are being reinstated with the specific applications of voter registration and voter id laws .
georgia purged people from its voter rolls for having po boxes or forwarding addresses which is almost literally a reinstatement of the land ownership requirement .
voter id laws also specify the types of id that can be used to specifically exclude ones that poorer people are more likely to have .
you also typically have less access to the polls in the form of inability to take time off of work and difficulties in reaching polling stations in some areas or long lines due to insufficient stations or machines .
you are not created equal but are born with a significantly reduced life expectancy and will not necessarily be afforded any rights or opportunity .
girl 1 why did he drive into the wall though
pac was starting to take control of the fight as well what an ending .
er der tale om to eller flere mennesker der vælger ikke at gå i biografen eller en anden forestilling fordi de ikke kan sidde ved siden af hinanden ?
du kan se at komikere som dybvad og anden gratis giver billetter væk når de her huller opstår fordi de har ingen værdi ingen gider sidde alene .
that 's fake tho he did n't get any of those
to what extent if any should canada australia new zealand and other commonwealth realms under the crown be considered as a single entity in your 'two ways to look at it ' ?
there are nearly an infinite number of ways to draw dividing borders based on an entity 's attributes but none are definitive .
not even the list of entities considered to be a nation is agreed upon .
see the list of unrecognized nations on wikipedia which includes sealand .
we could define a nation or country based on legal structure economic influence cultural or racial attributes geographic divisions like mountains and rivers military enforcement or questionable border walls .
for the purpose of the original post 's exercise being able to name individual states within the u.s. is not an unreasonable comparison to naming countries in europe .
for all other purposes we thankfully have other types of maps .
you can get started on the cheap with a raspberry pi .
without a good idea of what you want it to do it 's tough to guide you but id look into some of the below areas .
python flask web applications you could build a website for use on your network or an rest api .
useful if you want any sort of email automation or anything like that .
ssh secure connection to your machine log in remotely and use the server via command line .
dynamic dns if you want remote access to your server but do not have a static ip .
plex stream video from your server either locally or remotely .
cron flexible command scheduling eg have a certain script run every 10 minutes between 13:00 and 15:00 on a tuesday or whatever you like
amazon echo aws lambda it is possible to create alexa skills that can for example send commands to your server or fetch some information from it .
you can do the same with google home i 'm sure .
fun example my daughter sits in bed past her bedtime on her laptop .
can activate a skill which connects to the server which fires a script to ping the ip attached to the laptop if the ping gets a response then that 's returned to alexa who tells me that yes she is on her laptop would i like to cut her connection ?
if i respond yes a command is sent to the server which logins into the router running ddwrt and activates an access control rule by flipping a value in the nvram then restarts the firewall cutting her connection .
philips hue api programmatically control your hue light bulbs .
or for a more interesting challenge pick up an arduino or a pi zero gpio board and a solid state relay but do n't if you 're not sure about what you 're doing .
is it a hm drop or can it be farmed regular ?
looks like corbyn 's plan is to run down the clock while sitting on the fence .
then when it 's the 29th march refuse to back an extension or revocation unless the tories agree to an impossible demand .
abusive people who criticize other people for being abusive but fail to see themselves
not necessarily in terms of handling but the looks and what it represents is just ... ugh .
seems especially disappointed about gappy does n't want to talk about how they are n't dating .
rai is tired of yasuho 's varying degrees of help '' .
assumed gappy had gotten farther than nowhere with yasuho .
now they are off to find the rokakaka without yasuho .
apparently they had stopped dating while on good terms .
joshu uses his very powerful stand to prank his older sister .
mitsuba walking around with no nose but playing it off like a champ .
it 's okay i 'm not going to be a model anymore ! ''
edit minor corrections adding norisuke as suggested by a comment
i repeat do not default on a student loan !
these things happen all the time tell them your situation .
i have had this problem before i was able to get my a loan deferment .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
this is why i 'm hesistant to take up scuba diving .
worms and worm-like creatures just freak me out and there 's something that huge with creepy looking teeth under the sand in the water .
i think you 've completely missed the point i was making .
all i said was upc/yuki did it without having saline for mhera farming .
that itself is a huge achievement with or without an alt 's help as you 've pointed out .
what i 'm claiming for upc 's case anyways is that upc did n't reach 1000 either by doing mhera that itself spoke volumes .
they did n't also farm with their alt all the time either i 've farmed several hours with them back then and i 'm sure i was n't the only one and unfortunately not everyone had the resources and funds like other people to go on par with yuki/upc back then .
as you 're aware there 's also a colossal gap of xp between 1050 and 1047 .
and also at the time of writing upc is 1089 and his alt is 1052 so there 's that .
so actually as i write this i find that even more impressive the fact that you have to rely on other people to get you to 1050 sort of dampens your own 'self ' achievement at the cost of doubling down for yourself because it takes double the effort to work on two accounts and in the case of upc it 's more than twice the effort because he works full time and majority of the time when na is playing he 's either sleeping or working and for the longest time and maybe even now everyone was relying on him for information with respect to the game .
he was never going to get to 1k with the help of others who were living on the side of the world .
so yea it 's more than nothing special '' .
you misunderstand what i mean alot of killers and survivors complain about noed and alot of killers and survivors complain about totems in general .
no one really complains except a few survivors about the fact noed is a hex totem perk .
also i am pretty sure of those 80 '' they do n't only play survivor and i am pretty sure no all of the 80 think noed is a problem .
thank you so much for your sweet and kind words .
i appreciate you taking your time to reply to my thread .
you 've no idea how comforting it is to see you and everyone like you who replied sharing their kind words i feel less alone .
have a blessed day wherever you are and my condolences to your two little girl piggies who knows maybe they are up in a guinea pig heaven with my little chigga .
holy crap man why are people now a days so obsessed with thinking they know what 's best ?
i wish you luck with putting up with these type of people op and hopefully this is n't what ends humanity .
shit i live in the bible belt and it 's going on in universities here
sorry to say this but this is n't the sub for you you 're wayy past beginner art go to like intermediate or expert art if that 's a thing .
since everyone here is just as new as you i do n't think many people would have any quality constructive criticism either .
all i can say for now is that it looks fantastic
thanks i see now i only have 4 so far
i do n't give two shits about what people think of buzzfeed but i 'm all about anything that gives weight to anything bob mueller says .
i did and i 'm guessing you did n't actually read any of the articles just saw the headline and are now trying to discredit everyone
the statement by robert mueller 's office on friday night does n't cite any specific errors .
spokesman peter carr says buzzfeed 's description of specific statements to the special counsel 's office and characterization of documents and testimony obtained by this office regarding michael cohen 's congressional testimony are not accurate.
characterization of the documents and testimony obtained by this office regarding michael cohen 's congressional testimony are not accurate . ''
they did n't get it from us '' nowhere do they say the statement itself is false .
sources were sdny not mueller 's team that 's what they got wrong .
mueller is protecting their rep by stating they are leak free .
now if given the ultimatum to either kill baby hitler or let him him grow up to become hitler i would kill him
the whole premise of the ultimatum is that you know he 'll be hitler otherwise he would n't be baby hitler and that you ca n't stop him from being hitler .
to use an analogy it 's akin to the trolley problem .
the whole point of the trolley problem is setting up a situation where you ca n't reasonably just stop the train .
if it makes it clearer you can say well the time machine will only work once and it 'll only let you lock onto say 10 seconds of baby hitler 's life until you 're yanked back .
10 seconds is n't enough to meaningfully change his life other than probably death or serious maiming .
in this case the question that 's trying to be answered is is it ever ok to kill a baby if their birth will for sure or very likely lead to a bad thing '' hitler is substituted in for something that is uncontroversially about as bad as can be so you do n't have to worry about well is it really 'bad enough ' ''
if baby hitler we 're responsible then that would mean that everyone might be responsible for every possible bad thing that they could have done in the universe pretty much making anyone killable for that justification .
they would n't because in the real world we ca n't know anyone 's future actions .
the whole point of the scenario is to set up a hypothetical to get a larger moral point without getting bogged down by details .
it 's what 's called a 'toy problem ' .
although it would be an interesting moral question what happens if you could know say for 99 certainty .
because even if i bettered baby hitler someone else would probably just take his place .
while movements overall definitely do n't depend on one person there are often lynchpin moments like the reichstag fire .
while there likely would 've been some type of social unrest without key moments of history happening it 's entirely possible there is no widespread war .
i just want them to go back to a top four episode with a music video with one person being eliminated based on track record and music video performance before progressing to the top three in the finale .
the thing is apart from being boring and predictable this huge focus on reveals in drag race just acts as another example of the series preaching what constitutes 'good drag ' or 'palatable drag ' for both a mainstream audience and a more general queer one .
when the series has this huge focus on celebrating a queen doing a splits or doing a reveal it just makes the audience think that 's what drag is '' .
but if you look on social media even if a splits or death drop would n't work for the song fans are raging at queens for not doing them in the lip sync .
and it 's a real shame that the powerfulness of drag performance perhaps exemplified through things like latrice in you make me feel trinity in emotions and chi chi in and i am telling you are shunned and labeled as 'bad drag ' because fans want splits and death drops .
and i think the lip sync tournament in the finale is really contributing to that .
it worked in s9 the song choices were great and the reveals made sense and worked .
in s10 it was just an absolute shit show .
and the younger fans and childish twinks ate it up .
your buses ca n't get leaked if you do n't have any
high galactic is the in-universe explanation for having the latin alphabet in star wars .
it 's canon and was also used in legends .
the news broke like two hours ago so most of the commenters in this thread including me when i posted my original comment had n't seen mueller 's statement .
y'all forget young guys make mistakes and have to learn
i had a student not put the gear down in an arrow once wanted to see how far he would take it .
tower told him to go around at 150 feet .
i was going to give him 50 more before i said go around .
similar to pot but less intoxicating and mostly focused in the head is how kief/hash is for me .
i edited my original post since everybody was asking .
thanks for not being rude like some of the other commenters .
food hacks spawned from life hacks '' which according to know your meme originated back in 2003 with technology journalist danny o'brien called the father of life hacks '' .
he was interested in secret software '' —programmers ' personal shortcuts—and in o'brien 's words the way of cutting through an apparently complex system with a really simple non-obvious fix . ''
from programming life hacks expanded to '' tricks skills or shortcuts that are meant to increase a person 's productivity or efficiency in their everyday lives . ''
let 's agree on what good hacks should do hacks should solve or purport to solve a tangible problem to make the task at hand either possible or easier .
hacks are creative for the purpose of utility and resourcefulness .
hacks do n't promise to transform your state of being they promise to make a fix in the moment . ''
adding garlic to macaroni cheese is not a hack .
adding a single ingredient to something is not a hack unless maybe it 's a more readily available substitute and even that is a hell of a stretch .
add some bacon to your mac and cheese and it will really pop !
i mean it will but oh wait not a damn hack .
seriously this might be the straw to finally break the camel 's back .
i 'm thinking that he does the whole syndrome thing but maybe he started out with good intentions but the glory goes to his head and he takes it too far .
i sold to open a call spread before earnings they expired worthless so up 500 on that trade .
shoulda done more of that instead of just buying puts ...
only up 5 or so on 10k worth of puts expiring feb1-15 .
i hope nflx does more inverse qqq but this time it goes red when qqq is green not the other way around ...
just from what i 've heard vocalized in the past .
so no not really most but most that i know .
i 'm 31 and will be a year sober off alcohol in a few days i struggle with bi polar disorder so i 'm still trying to even things out and find other things i enjoy but i love to run it helps a lot
holy christ ... yeah okay not moving to amsterdam that location is officially off my potential home locations ... not that i thought i could afford it anyway but still ...
he also drank alcohol for the first time on survivor .
that 's why it sometimes gets stated the way the previous commenter did and why production might not want to put him back in that environment .
save up for a few years before you buy iracing .
by then you will have a wheel and a mid-sized bank account .
i did this on the way to school one day did n't say anything to my mum and sat in pain all day .
i am a man of very few talents and penmanship sure is n't one of them !
for when you are sea sick but you are also the captain
i do n't know what those are but i like them !
i just do n't understand how people do n't think players can improve in the course of over 6 months .
i actually believe mickie has a skill of learning new techniques of playing a hero .
he did n't even play dva much before they won apex season 1 .
not saying he 's going to be the best player but he does have his worth in the league .
if you mess with the bull you 'll get the horns .
i used h264 constant quality 21 encoder present slower or very slow constant frame rate same as source
its possible but only if axle was hitting the link or maybe if the link contacted the rotor or wheel somehow .
turning right and getting a grinding sound sounds like a possible cv axle .
yeah your noise is definitely due to that link .
depending on where you go the recommended labor time to replace one is 0.4-0.6 .
have them check the other side as well while its in the hoist or do it yourself by grabbing the lower joint on the link and having a friend rock the car side to side .
with every choice i kept thinking 'what if i 'd chosen the other one ?
i need to remember to come back to this point . '
i was so preoccupied with keeping track of all the branches i needed to go back and test that i lost interest in the actual plot .
unfortunately your submission appears to mirror a common thought .
please remember that as per rule 1 all showerthoughts must be original and unique .
yes but then if they were off would n't that mean their sources were lying ?
seems like a possible set up of fake newsery .
this should be gilded or something lol hes right .
back before i got diamond i struggled hard against lance and mained mirage as well !
i then realized that to beat lance since lance 's attacks move the character you need to adjust your positioning accordingly .
also playing verticly against lance is a great option while playing against it !
once i figured out how to get past lance i was able to get to diamond and then 2200 !
keep it up turn the game volume down too lance sound fx are annoying lmao .
hahha i 'm going to post so much you will be sick of me !
how much of a narcissist do you need to put your boring family photos on imgur ?
i think this is true but also hillary was the most off-putting candidate the democratic party could come up with .
it 's her turn was the worst slogan of all time
i 'd worry more about the cost of upgrading the building 's electrical service at the source to handle the increased load .
a parking lot is suddenly going to have the electrical demands of a factory .
he conspicuously did n't answer the question about working with his former b.a.p members .
perhaps he 's not allowed to allude to their decision regarding their contacts .
i 'm just too ordinary to be like a character of any kind and not a likely candidate to appear in an anime or a video game .
i 've only been to 6 mlb stadiums but aside from gabp pnc in pittsburgh was my favorite .
it 's just gorgeous and has a nostalgic feel to it .
suntrust in atlanta is nice but it feels really commercial .
she has a boyfie to do secks stoff with atleast un like all you gelatine pores
since this was really safe team i think you can replace gany with either another atb reducer or skill refresh like mav
i think lapis would also be a very strong pick .
ironically pixels is a shitty enough movie that they would show it on a plane
it 's early to say that he is the best player in the world right now but here is for sure tarzan is the best jungler as of the moment in lck
i played year round sports from 3 to 18 years .
i loved it so much particularly volleyball and softball .
winter woods just got done reading it and damn it 's one of the best things i 've ever read .
also i read my boo last night due to another user 's recommendation down here and they 're right !
it makes you question yourself and take time out to think and stuff it 's great !
for sure heightism is n't a big problem here .
i see a lot of short guys having problems with getting girls .
i 'm considered an ugly one besides of being short but there are always girls with interest on me .
they are also the same height i am slitghtly taller or shorter of course .
yeah but he was also impressed by his warp5 capable ship .
i 've not been to any stadium further west than colorado .
just such a cool experience the whole place had an almost college like atmosphere .
dont get me wrong cool stadium and i 'm still pissed the whitesox didnt use those plans .
my mom and dad does n't have any schoolship after high school whatsoever .
born poor made me actually enjoy the things i had .
as of today i 'm still poor but had a great high school with technical approaches i 'm 18 y/o and chem tech .
also i 'm working in a big agrochemical company .
i feel proud of myself and my parent 's raising all the days of my life .
being poor made me see more value in the things i conquer and do by myself .
it can also be cpu or a bend pin but failing motherboard is more likely in this issue .
historically yes it does but the places where most of the people live is very left leaning and significantly less racist any place that has a lot of white people and not a lot of anyone else is bound to be racist in some ways .
might try that with some oatmilk and use that for coffee .
yeah i would n't know for sure just what the plug tells me bc i live in atlanta lol
the venn diagram between libertarians and alt right is almost just a circle .
the new gfcis say 15a on them not 20a like the old ones .
he 's a dreamboat ... do n't wait up nelson !
i get out of bed half a dozen times for a wee before i can finally settle .
super dehydrated in the morning and dont feel right all day
as someone now 30 these factors really put me off more regular drinking it 's events only .
if they did cancel brexit then surely all the remain voters would vote for them ?
there will be also more now after seeing how fucked it will be .
would n't that be enough to win a majority ?
labour 2019 the party that saved you from stockpiling medicine and food rationing .
if we know anything about language the human brain will eventually accept any symbol to represent any concept .
if we know anything about science and psychology we know that placebo is darn powerful and we do n't know why .
if it does n't work for you um oh well .
the op comments are out of date they lost their ability to advance and charge when they gained deep strike in the codex .
which honestly i hate i preferred them before this change .
the whole point of a daily challenge is that it something relatively easy compared to the weekly ones and nothing unique .
there are n't that many changes that are even used for dailies and giving people the option of 3 would take away the rng of it all .
like i skip challenges all the time when i know my squad wont get on or i 'm playing squads so wont be going solo .
basically the whole point of the daily challenges are being random and something extra epic have allowed us to do to get more stars
'' die loser '' ist grammatikalisch natürlich ebenfalls bezug nehmend auf die in meinem beitrag gleich im vorhergehenden satz erwähnten menschen mit emotionaler bindung zu ihren hunden '' nicht auf deine hunde .
the anxiety comes when your night vision keeps getting worse and threatens your ability to drive .
or when you get constant headaches and dizziness just doing normal daily routines .
i first got vs after a concussion and it started out as a minor inconvenience .
just because the condition is neurological does not mean it 's not progressive .
the problem is it is n't supposed to be low cost .
offsides only applies to passes if you run that distance while in possession it does n't matter but if you touch the ball after its been shot or passed while you 're behind the second to last player to account for goalie in the opponents half of the field it 's offsides
honestly i 'll take a little messy paintings over woke political bullshit any day of the week
it 's really hard to care about politics here though when the american side is just way more entertaining ha .
it 's not a sign of stupidity to not give a shit about something you ca n't really change .
here 's hoping he finds someone as insufferable as him so they can be pretentious twats together eh .
here she 's claiming to blend bananas http reddit.com/r/iama/comments/ahaeg5/i_am_severely_disabled_and_bedridden_at_only_21_i/eedx4hc a decidedly non-keto food that definitively would n't be a great idea if you 're trying to keep your blood sugar down .
the primary focus of this update has been the introduction of the new stalker mode .
playing as a stalker pits you as a kid working against the club .
you invade their missions and record them for the enemy .
every time you record them or their crimes their sins are logged notifying the nearby ai and eventually calling out the shape .
once the shape is out every recording shows the shape where the kids are .
you are victorious if every member of the club is put to sleep by the shape .
the stalker is very weak relative to the club so victory will be rare .
your score is stored however and you can be rewarded just for that .
these are seeded into the world on conditions you will have to discover yourself and will be rare initially .
when you invade a game you can move between red doors and enter unnannouced .
the kids wil not know you are there until you start recording them or their sins .
each time you do this they receive an in game message .
if they catch you you lose if they complete their mission you also lose .
you can return to the red doors after a cooldown use them smartly to lose pursuit and confuse your enemies .
as loyal club kids you may be invaded by a stalker after reaching level 5 !
when they enter your mission you will not know until they start recording you .
work as a team to bring them down for bonus xp .
the kid that catches the stalker also gets added to the leaderboard and gets a little extra xp .
after you have been invaded once you will not be invaded again until you invade someone else .
once you have invaded another player games you host can be invaded going forward invasion is opting into stalker mode .
stalkers can only invade missions that have more than one player to make sure the club kids have the advantage .
so team up if you want to see stalkers !
with this update come new leaderboards most stalkers caught most wins as stalker and highest stalker score .
every week these leaderboards will reset and the players at the top of each will receive a unique customization that can only be earned through this system !
you can view the stalker wins and score in the new stalker van available after level 5 and the stalkers caught leaderboard is visible in the normal hideout .
we have tested this mode internally as much as we could but we realize that the reality with live players could be very different .
we expect to continue to iterate on this mode and make changes based on community feedback .
invasions may be too rare or too common stalkers might not have enough missions available to invade there is much we expect to learn and we look forward to hearing what you think .
stalking is not available all the time by design we consider this an addition not the core mode of play .
as usual this update comes with many fixes and improvements including basic eye animations for the kids your eyes even close when you shut them in game a new sleeper pajama mesh hi mom !
there have also been significant optomizations to reduce load on the cpu which should really help framerates on host players .
to see that full list you can go to the forums and look here
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
maybe the knitting or a new change in channels will help as you mentioned above !
i hope it warms up for you or that you can find a store/mall/gym to walk around !
happened to me as well on the 2nd day of the tournament .
i had to replay the day to fight arlo .
i think you ca n't stand too close to the gate and just quickly get in the moment it opens .
your right-hand man keeps accidentally using your real name .
your mask snags on things and is pulled off .
do n't want to waste it but i need to make a video .
if it was just a bit arin would n't be so offended by the criticism he gets for it i.e .
if it 's all an act he should be happy people buy into the act so well not calling people haters/avoiding criticism when people call him out on his atrocious behavior .
realised where i fucked up in my previous post .
she has n't killed anyone ... sooo ... she 's not the worst .
i do n't think we saw enough to indicate whether or not lewis had anything left in the tank this year .
i think he was misused and probably an addition that gutekunst wanted moreso than the coaching staff and whom mccarthy could n't think of uses for .
none of this is saying we should re-sign lewis to be incredibly clear .
i 'm saying we have n't seen what was or was n't there .
he said in really no uncertain terms what we 've all suspected for a while that that offence was not a system that made easy use of what a te brings to the table .
the tone of his interview gave off a clear impression that marcedes did n't even feel like he really got the chance to be a packer at all like the season was just a confusing whirlwind that came and went and now it 's over .
i do n't think you can count last year for or against lewis .
he 's used to being a guy that takes on a big workload and barely got to see the field in a scheme that obviously felt chaotic and suboptimal .
tramon has shown us that you can appear immortal in your 30s one year and then look very much your age the next so that 's something to be mindful of as lewis also is n't exactly the chiseled and uber-disciplined athlete that t.will is .
it 's a big question mark and i 'm very curious to see if lewis will take a near-vet-minimum deal to finish out his career as a packer and work with hackett again in a system more fit for te play as he sees it .
but i really do believe that we just have n't seen what he 's got in the tank one way or the other .
hey look its a commercial saying bullying is bad !
it 's the only one i have that actually pulls this much into the yellow spectrum .
color club kinda sorta came out with some i want to say around 2010-2012 that had a slight yellow in it .
if you can ever get your hands on one i believe china glaze has a yellow holo in that weird cyber chat anacronym collection too .
i want it so yellow it makes you feel like you bit into something sour and so holo i 'm flashing it across the room .
what torture technique would it take for you to spill ?
people got suspicious i know i did of oracle next move because they are know to be asshole-company .
oregon went there plus deep family ties so i 've always been a fan .
chaos because cfb is more fun when shit gets weird .
pm me your whatsapp and i 'll send you some links it 's mega mega cheap
you know i did n't think that till i read your comment ... makes perfect sense now .
and he added the smart '' part to make himself seem like a feminist ''
a trade just went through in my 9 cat 10 team league and i do n't know what to think about it lebron and de rozen for james harden .
nah man i swear i saw him one time when looking under my bed when i was 8 .
lots of people buy them/get them as gifts realize they are not extreme athletes and sell them for a fraction of their msrp .
any hero model 3 or newer is perfectly fine .
you must be new here ... there are a few of us who do our best to spread the word so more people watch the show .
i hope your enjoying the show its a fun one and has some great stuff in it .
new season will be coming as well in summer .
regardless its a cool catch and not the same 20 posts that pop up here .
is it the worst foundation in the world ? ... ... ..
he does n't care about anyone 's privacy he is just applying the written rules
in europe people are put in jail for years for conducting scientific research and voicing a dissenting opinion .
books on the topic are literally being burned by germany .
so never again say the european human rigths charter is comparable to the first amendment .
you can check the spreadsheet i made to calculate for claymore damage .
the basic formula is generally the same for the 3 damage traps .
i generally love open debate but looking at the post history..it seem white society is to blame for all the worlds woes fuck us for bringing the aboriginals modern medicine and standards
a treaty is let 's be frank and open is going to be fucking useless will it magically make jobs appear in alice springs..no
will it force parents in remote communitys to send their kids to school no .
will it make people realize in a modern world you may not be able to hold onto ur cultural roots.and may have to move to become a part of a world that is progressing forward .
yothu yindi himself said that aborigianl men and women need to stop looking to the past and look to a unity in our future as a nation you ca n't find common ground when you are accusing the other side for something there ancestors did 100 years ago
minority families do n't do this because they are minorities they do it because they are systemically impacted by several factors that make it more difficult to parent .
for example minority families are far more likely to have single-family homes or have parents who work multiple part-time jobs meaning they are not at home with their children after school as often as families that have a stay-at-home parent or parents who work standard 9-5s .
less time with children means less time to do things that we know are important for parenting connecting and schooling such as eating dinner together having nighttime routines reading together or having non punitive conversations .
perhaps this is n't what you meant but what your message implies is that minority parents are lazy and want the easy way out by having their children parented by the education system .
this could n't be further from the truth in fact many minority families are fearful of such an idea because they know that there are devastating racial divides in the school system .
improvements in parent involvement would solve a good chunk of educational issues in the us but it is not nearly the full picture and it is not nearly as easy of a solution as your painted .
how can we support something we have n't even really tried ?
i 'd like to see a test of recoil based systems but without any reference for it in fortnite theres no way to know if we 'd like it morel
rothfuss must have been out of his mind when he wrote that book .
you do n't stop being bisexual just cause you marry a guy
and my 200 nike shoes that i ran over with my 60,000 truck !
well i 'm starving then i wish i was n't
the desert wasteland was boring and depressing add in the mundane combat with limited ammo and it just got old and grindy pretty fast .
there 's this really keen little moment the final frame of the film hereditary .
just as the film started in a diorama the film ends in a diorama too .
it begs this enormous question this cult spent the entire film trying to summon this demon and they succeeded but the expression on its face and this final frame in a diorama it 's clearly not as in charge or control as they think it is .
it 's as lost and confused and broken as they are .
so if the demon king paimon is n't in control and the cult is n't in control who is ?
are we all just tugging each other 's strings in a hostile circle ?
it 's easy to be disappointed or to overlook it the wisecrack team certainly did in their show me the meaning '' podcast but i 've been thinking about that moment for 3 months and i ca n't shake the sense of dread that the ending was telling us some miserable secret about the meaning of it all .
it 's better than i know this is only going to get 2 upvotes but ... '' repeated ad nauseum .
god so many iconic seokjin looks crammed into one video .
that outfit with the royal blue bomber and the choker ? ?
his vocals are just so breathtaking clear i could never get tired of their clarity .
jungkook 's voice is just gorgeous and it just seems to come so easily to him .
i love how charlie was so impressed by how thorough he was these boys take their craft seriously .
jungkook was just so gosh darn adorable throughout this his smiles melt my ice heart .
the problem would n't be people who watch hockey it 'd be the articles afterwards by the people who only saw a clip and articles can translate .
but they could have shown the same exact episodes while respecting the themes .
arya smiling at a terrified walder frey with sinister music not heroic for instance .
haha you know you cant believe everything thats on google .
that give me enough time to pay for my 7 day trip .
aye how far away are you ftom 100k cuz i wan na see that sub hella bad but im on mobile and not close to 100k anyway
here 's a sneak peek of r/firewallzerohour using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/firewallzerohour/top ? sort=top t=all of all time !
2 why i am single ... https imgur.com/bmwzjnn.jpg 12 comments https np.reddit.com/r/firewallzerohour/comments/9cpyxr/why_i_am_single
as long as it is n't 4 years at 4m aav with a modified ntc
i streamed on twitch for a little while and wanted to start a forgotten games that everyone needs to know about '' channel .
ssh to the host and run esxcli hardware ipmi sdr list then look at computed reading .
just basically asking us if we also think your friend is annoying .
i remember coming out and my family thought i was attracted to guys if i wanted to present more as a girl and it took them a bit to get it that i still like women only andy gender and my gender preference were n't the same thing .
pol is filled with people who unironically hold the exact same world view as hitler .
mate i am aussie and do n't have a dog in this fight .
but do you actually think he was just ‘standing in front of a native american ' without any further intention ?
i have seen two videos the viral one and another one where maga hat wearing teenagers have completely encircled a group of maybe 10 native americans .
they are n't chanting ‘build the wall ' but they are clearly trying to intimidate or mock and the protagonist in this drama really was front and centre in it all .
you would n't think the need for routine would be that hard to understand .
after all even kids without special needs do better with routines .
he was never a bad player not really sure why the narrative became he was n't really worth anything .
he was just stuck behind porter in rotation with zero chance of getting ahead of him .
his approval ratings are nothing compared to say merkel may and macron .
it may seem unfair and in a 2 person game i see it can be .
there are some items that just lend themselves to ruin 2 p. but theres a lot of other reasons to save the blade .
also cards etc.. that can destroy or end its ability .
even in the video game you can be screwed or blessed with an item .
is n't physically capable of playing in a back four in the pl .
we 're so desperate to see a youth player make it with us that most fans have been deluded into thinking he 's better than luiz
but it depends on what you want to make .
also why are you choosing between only those two ?
you did not include the image 's resolution the width and height in pixels in the title .
you should put the resolution in brackets at the end of your title .
please check the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/wiki/index wiki_resolution.3f_what_is_that_and_how_can_i_find_it.3f for information on how to find the resolution .
you rehosted the image from an original source or approved host
please read the our rules in the sidebar and faq r/earthporn/wiki
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/earthporn if you have any questions or concerns .
in an effort to reduce spam we 're limiting posting to users who have at least 10 link karma and at least 2 comment karma so your post has been automatically removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/carcrash if you have any questions or concerns .
from what i know of the mojave desert i live in europe it 's hot and has intense sun .
a lot of salad greens ca n't grow in such an environment so you should search for some that might do .
i know of some sweet fruits but that 's just additionaly to a diet .
for example cacti that develop fruits like prickly pear and dragon fruit .
i think there are some cacti where you can eat the leaves '' too .
if you are vegetarian/vegan it would probably be ok because the ph is usually in a range of 7-8 like water .
but if not your urine is acidic and in the long run your soil would be too .
so it should be plants that like a low ph .
you should also drink a ton of water so that the urine is n't as concentrated .
i 'm not sure how it 'll damage the plants in the long run if you do n't .
i also recommend to grow plants that develop deep roots into the soil so that they reach some water reservoirs if there are any deep in the ground .
that way they wo n't need as much fresh water .
and i think i do n't need to mention that but i do anyway plant them in the shade so that the sun is n't as intense which usually burns the leaves and water wo n't evaporize as quickly .
the right to exist in the case with israel has to do with enemy states wanting to actively kill or disperse the jews who have re-created the state .
the right to exist here correlates to whether the jews should reclaim their country rather than typical geopolitical reasons that have led to other states dissolving .
if we were to use your geopolitical argument it would correlate to whether israel should maintain its current population of jewish people but to be re-named or split into three counties with new names .
do you plan on making it capable of a return trip ?
gon na have to second this one at least wrt to food as i 'm no beer aficionado .
i 've had at least two friends claim they 've gotten food that has n't been properly thawed out from sergio 's within the past year .
that 's pretty much a deal-breaker for me it 's what sealed the deal for me on the riverfront tumbleweed shortly before it closed down particularly with so many decent gastropubs in louisville .
i just wanted to see how far we can push the regular sperg after any video with comms .
you put up a video without any techno or opsec .
all i want are some goddamn comms in a video is that too much to ask ? ''
i do n't know but when you have a cap and coil in series or parallel it 's how tuned lc circuits are formed .
but i 'm not positive that is the case here .
that same radiofun232 guy shows a cap between the base and one or other leg of transistor like that in a lot of circuits and is always talking about how important that is .
i ca n't remember why despite hearing him say it a bunch of times .
i think one of these would be pretty cool to build .
fun fact not how star trek made the theme tune .
what techniques did he use or his batting style ?
yeah i 'm not sure what the current water bottle to banana ratio is
very old thread but i 'm interested and happen to come from townsville .
i like to think i 'm a genuinely nice bloke and would love to be part of a group with you !
i think we might cause elsie was friends with the demon king and she 's a pretty infamous criminal so maybe .
same with justice and why he 's always on her ass lol .
yeah weisz is a weird one but i 'm intrigued to see who taught him his ether gear .
when rebecca asked him about he he immediately dismissed it and said do n't worry about it. like he 's hiding something big .
and yeah definitely i wan na see homura training with valkyrie and to see if my rebecca parent theory is true .
plus i wan na see how she learned how shoot most likely taught by weisz and her reasoning for wanting to be a b cuber or something
in my experience if he is n't okay with it now he never will be .
he cant see you 've learned from your mistakes and chances are he wo n't trust you as you need to be trusted for a relationship to work .
consequences have actions but that does n't mean you are unworthy or unclean it just means you need to find someone who understands people grow from mistakes .
as much as you feel like crap about it it 's in the past and it 's a lesson learned .
i had to figure out how to forgive myself before i could find myself in a happy relationship again and now that i 'm there i know i would never and could never do anything to sabotage what i have .
you can and will find better but in this relationship there is tainted trust and with some people there simply is no fixing it .
just remember messing up does n't mean you are n't worthy or that there 's something wrong with you it just means that like everyone else in the world you 've made mistakes .
it 's a oversized fit similar to how asap guess is .
so if ur a l get a m for a regular fit or a l for oversized boxy .
just the blanks are n't as thick as retail vlone but yet again retail vlone is n't that good quality either soooo ... ... 🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️
first gen has an insane level of pro goats experience wtf
i still enjoy watching it but it 's a lot dumber than i remember it being .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please use one of the following tags for your post
remember that automoderator will only detect tags in square brackets not curly braces pointy brackets or round brackets .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/healthcare if you have any questions or concerns .
lol too bad explosive will still be one of the best secondary affixes post-nerf
and i was fully prepared for the downvotes also .
i 'd say schilling 's relationship with the first amendment is pretty complicated .
he does abhor the press but he also loves his freedom of expression .
he 's a legendary lord and therefore immortal as long as his faction still stands
roll out the 49ers truck and dump all the cash on his chicago driveway
i love your pc it looks unique for some reason .
i 've been lurking here for a while and have basically learned what i 've been using for a long time is shit .
i 'm prone to closed comedones on forehead and chin area .
i 'm developing fine lines along my inner eyes .
have been using shea moisture african black soap hydrating gelee moisturizer every morning st ives gentle oatmeal scrub once a week and the proactive 3 step system 3 nights a week .
i 'm not even arguing in favor or in opposition of the law .
that said i absolutely think it should be clear if not immediately evident otherwise then specifically told what the sex is of the person whom you are engaging in a sexual act with .
to conflate that with trans panic '' is completely absurd .
people should have the right to know these sorts of things about their sexual partners .
what they do with that information is on them .
to demand knowledge has nothing to do with trans panic .
trans panic relates to what people do with that information .
hopefully not in to the back of the seat or thrown out of the car in a crash .
there are long standing rumors he wanted to shut the division down but with cejudo as champ it might be difficult .
i literally still have nightmares about that fucking scene .
i 'm becoming nauseated currently just thinking about that scene .
in those circumstances did people start to lead with breloom in order to force an early switch from their opponents ?
as i 'm sure everyone else is i just want to find the safest lead mon
can you explain the situation or provide some sort of source ?
it is because of the d company of bombay .
why ca n't maharashtra police crack down on the d company ?
also the fact that a large section of the viewers are from outside india like iran iraq arabia indonesia afghanistan and pakistan .
i would 've knocked that fuckn kids teeth in .
i got this for a few months after quitting .
not so much feeling actually high but the paranoia anxiety in public places spacing out etc .
it eventually went away but it took a while .
next season is in fact not 50 days from now
the difference between shinning it over the bar and pure class right there
definitions are not a democracy they are simply differences in the meaning of a word based on context you are actually retarded if you believe otherwise
well except some of them are not items just how breaking a phrase down into 3 words per line .
i think he took too many blows to the head in pe .
i captain northeastern 's team and would love to get to know you .
imagine not being able to heal off your own projectile
agree 100 and no clue how they are getting away with having fake drop rate numbers as i did report the with google play store and google play refunded me my money .
i ... i ... do n't know wha ... uh ?
why did the person who made these not realise one was enough ?
he 's one of the few cards i really want from this event .
there has to be competition for that job first .
you ca n't fire a teacher for performance if the other options are worse .
all good public school teachers funnel to the 1 out of 20 or so schools in a given region that is n't a shit place to work .
i definitely think it takes a certain kind of person to like this kind of thing i 'm probably one of them too to some degree this thread is making me realize it 's about finding the right fit more than anything .
i really wish we could do more of the contract work letting people work on things from home but so much of what we do requires various equipment or huge amounts of materials so thus far i have n't thought of a way to make that feasible .
ps would love to know the name of the etsy shop feel free to message me if you want .
when the beliefs you are spouting are the genocide and extermination of groups of people you forfeit the right to intellectual dialogue .
why do i remember it being a bi airball three .
the tap gestures dark mode remembering your sign in are all nice features .
much better than the safari view of mobile youtube anyway .
you know what they say led stands for livin en da future
lol it mostly likely is if u look at the design
here is a better video showing that the kids had commpletely surrounded this gentleman and were jumping up and down and chanting 'build that wall ' edit the 'build that wall ' apparently was chanted at a different time not sure what is being chanted here
apparently just before this incident the maga kids were yelling at 2 african american teens and the teens were yelling back and the native american dude tried to diffuse the situation .
'' i did not feel safe in that circle '' said kaya taitano a student at the university of the district of columbia who participated in the march and shot the videos .
she told cnn that the teens were chanting things like build the wall '' and trump 2020 . ''
taitano said the whole incident started when the teens and four young african-americans who 'd been preaching about the bible nearby started yelling and calling each other names .
it got pretty intense taitano said so nathan phillips an elder with the omaha tribe started playing his drum and chanting what she was told was a healing prayer to help defuse the situation .
phillips walked through the crowd and taitano said things were starting to calm down until he got to the grinning boy seen in the video .
'' this one kid just refused to move and he just got in nathan 's face '' she said .
we enjoy making shit hard for ourselves do n't we
yeah my daughter is a few months older and by ensley 's age i had videos of her saying her abcs and counting backwards from ten in her rocketship '' cardboard box .
and trolling me by calling me sass '' what she calls my sister and laughing her little troll ass off about it 🙄😂 it just seems most two year olds are learning pretending getting a sense of humor etc .
for a company to continue making a difference in the world they first must stay solvent .
this is n't a fuck you money grab it 's a shit we have too many people and need to save money to pay bills '' move .
roasts me jokingly if i make crappy food choices .
her butt is enormous but we do n't have to be physical to enjoy the other .
she 's someone who is so ambitious that it makes me feel like i 'm not trying hard enough in my career and i love that .
it does n't help that she 's one of the most gorgeous chicks i 've ever laid eyes on .
i feel like i could always write nice things about her
wow it 's completely the opposite in the uk .
you 're just babbling on like a clueless person .
this is a letter to 14 and 15 year olds .
this is a lvl 1 virgin he does n't know his memes .
he is the beta of the beta males he stands no chance against the lvl 100 chads
can i bug you about how you mounted your x52 to the camera arm ?
that 's why i still talk to my teens about things like this .
i bet theres a few of their mods in video
i was literally just providing a source that talks about how they worried it would reduce the special protections ... available to women '' like not being drafted .
of course if the fuse has blown it 's kinda likely that something else is broken ...
and even then those lawyers and doctors are just looking to get their debt taken care of .
once it 's paid off or they 've had enough and gotten great offers they 're out .
i think self is allergic to something in the coliseum .
i 'm done saying sorry i lumped you all together the south elects repugs fix it .
i eat the unhealthy foods fatty foods high cholesterol salty etc .
in my house so my dad who needs to pay more attention to his health and diet ca n't eat them .
i realize this is n't good for me in the long run but i 'm only 23 so i can get away with it for the time being .
hi my name is mrphantastic08 and i 'm an alcoholic
they are n't trying to blow up city blocks with car bombs .
watch you shit fall apart on my island and fall to realms of globalism .
i 've never minded humourous tags so long as they 're not longer than the summary itself .
you made me curious so i just had a peek in the tags of the most recent mcu fics and found this steve gets hurt after washing up on bucky 's island where only bucky lives oh no how will they survive '' and critics called infinity war the most ambitious crossover of the year they obviously have n't read this ''
is n't that due to the cold+dryness and not by the sudden change ?
hyped for this card we went out and grilled in a snowstorm.. t bone steaks and wings !
yep but the general question i saw that day was is it landable ?
an srv trip around the contact point would be awesome .
zero sense of the flow of the game this season .
it must be marketed as some other animal ... ... reminds me of the rat hat from seinfeld where sable nutria .
i think telling someone you could have beat their ass easily years ago is douchier .
especially when the money flex comes as a reply to that cuntiness .
i say that the format appeals more to a younger and new crowd but does n't mean it encompasses every single person who enjoys it .
i also never said a ton of people win more than 3/5 games in bo3 but those that can do so because the format allows them to leverage skill .
bo5 does n't happen outside pt top8 because it takes too much time .
3 was chosen as a great balance point between speed and balance of effect of variance .
you point basically translates to we can mitigate variance more by playing best of 21 every match .
that is hyperbolic obviously but of course playing more games lowers the effect of variance .
i 'm not saying that bo1 ca n't be a fun format but for the group of players that care about formats at all aka the players that play in organized play while not the majority of magic players it is a rather large having a level of high competition is one of the reasons for playing .
the fact that we have a pro community at all and a swath of people that follow it closely shows it .
i even said i think bo1 has a place in magic but it 's not the end all be all and should n't replace bo3 as the tournament format .
for a fun time on arena or with friends or even a quick draft it is great .
but turning competitive tournaments to bo1 would be a mistake in my opinion .
my father is some what of a pyro i inherited that gene .
live in the south where you truly dont need to burn wood .
pops got me splitting free wood he 'd find on trash days was about 12 then .
now i have a vintage axe collection and constantly burn wood year round .
now i own a house w two fire pits and a fireplace bit enough to burn a small tree lol .
almeida lineker bautista ca n't help feel sandhagen got off a bit here .
there is a hunting quest coming up in a month or so .
if you are not busy that is probably the place to farm hearts .
i prefer to think of this as the appetizer to the mission course of hinting grounds .
after all i got 1 heart in 12 runs so that 's about 3 apples .
not worth imo when last hunting was around 1.1 hearts per apple .
14 hearts is fine for me when all i wanted was to ascend civ girl .
i would work on jack skill lvl 8 but i 'm at 10 bones and kh needs 22 for ascension ... while jack also needs bones for the same sk lvl she uses hearts .
he 's gon na spread the world of talos there and convert vaermina
oh yes i did and i am very proud of it !
he 's really struggling lately i know he can be a real stud but he needs to focus on distribution his shot selection has been ass
if there 's not much gray area why does it seem to me like 50 or more of students are speeding through the crosswalks ?
yikes sucks that i have to share breathing space with such a low life scumbag .
yeah it 's going to be the two man do you have any pictures of your gear packed in the sled ?
one of logitech 's computer speaker sets that come with a sub and they sound absolutely incredible
he was the worst player in the series against a space as well
i have collected and have every book i have bought/read since i was about 14 7 years ago all of my books that i owned before that roald dahl enid blyton harry potter and a few others got misplaced while i was moving
once i get through my large ever increasing list of books i want to read i will eventually buy most of the above mentioned books .
yeah turns out uva is n't as good when they ca n't hit 80 from 3 .
are you and the bf doing the whole30 together ?
he is even now on the stream being voted in .
originally misread this like your wife was literally a 15 year old and spent 5 minutes being very confused
yta that man trusted you enough to share that information with you and you broke that trust .
yeah but to put you in that kind of moral predicament is hardly a reward .
it also strikes me as being very unprofessional that a professor would collectively punish the class for what seems like a minor infraction .
it 's in the request that he wo n't pay .
if you do n't want to do it then do n't .
some artists may want the practice or want to be nice .
i said to my partner i feel that all it would take to knock it out of the park in the real estate world either sales or rentals is a few simple things
turn up on time every time call ahead if you can not
follow those simple rules and i ca n't help but think you would be the greatest real estate agent in the world .
i think if you can manage the above you 'll be halfway successful at anything .
can someone explain to me why people do this ?
egg head grounded marsupial speed demond talons and twisted muscles please i do n't have the crafting materials
this ca n't even be considered a gaming pc .
it 's very powerful but wo n't handle games due to a lack of gpu
what the hell are you trying to say in the title of the repost ?
there was no statutory basis for the president to create a new class of immigrants that received government benefits .
further the obama administration did not follow the administrative procedure act 's rulemaking process to create the new program .
oh of course the racist nyt is going to avoid any estimates of how much it slows down they want to make it as alarming and scary sounding as possible properly representing facts be damned .
this is the same racist newspaper that wrote a story about how expensive curtains are because they wanted to get a political dig in.they only issued an apology cause they got their own story wrong and it made their political party look bad .
it just goes to show to show money can buy any thing.howard hughes is still eating fancy personally monogrammed waffles from beyond the grave !
i smoke almost daily and can barely handle eating anything over 50mg .
i had a 100mg edible once and was uncomfortable to the point where i had to sleep it off .
absolutely loved my maverik rome rx3s the midfielder version of them .
if you pay a good wage and have a decent company culture youre way ahead of most other jobs .
people will find value in your mission or the possibility of moving up or just plain want an easy chill low stress job .
catholic school to investigate '' ... .. only in usa
omg i literally forgot they were engaged and was like wow what a weird announcement ... apparently i have forgotten all about bip
the credit pulls for these cards on her credit report happened on the same day she got phished .
they also tried to hit up the existing credit card number they got out of her for a few grand the same day .
i do n't think it 's an unscrupulous lead generator .
i was so confused how someone could dislike federer until you said serbia .
i do n't think i 've ever seen in before unless it 's just super stylized or something .
so you do n't have to work just at home you can travel with your work with kelly connect ?
so you 're saying it definitely violates rule 2 then ... ?
can you recommend a tutorial to get me started ?
would n't it be lovely to see costuming in the gay 90s and cora and robert meeting .
we did n't land on the moon vs the world is flat lmao i 'm weak
this was one of the major things that i did during the wrath of the machine exotic quest .
i always pointed people towards raid secrets and particular posts that helps gather the best information .
the difference is i was doing it to help the community solve a mystery where most of these people do n't give a shit about the community they just want your views and advertisement money .
it 's kind of why i got out of doing youtube content .
if you 're not heartless you 're not going to make money or stay in the game .
sorry your recent post https redd.it/ahtv6v still does not have any flair and was permanently removed .
feel free to resubmit your post and remember to flair it once it is posted .
if you are using the mobile version of the site click the hamburger menu in the top right of the screen and switch to the desktop site and then follow the instructions as you would on desktop .
do n't reply to me i 'm a bot .
it is literal u.s. propaganda trying to force this potential candidate down our throats .
yes i have been practicing staggering the button press but you know those moments when that half of second takes it home for the win .
i imagine that the purple stuff had very high light level like bright sun .
most plants that are variegated will grow more completely green in low light and show their other colors more when grown in bright sun .
just guessing that this is true for cannabis too .
that does n't mirror my experience at all i 've been using a pro 3/i7/8gb as my main machine since late 2014 .
i use the old standup dock connected to two 2560x1440 monitors surface screen turned off and i typically have the following open
plus usually a couple from powershell ise paint.net snipping tool vmware view chrome/opera/vivaldi/another remote tool
i 've been really impressed with how much mine does with 8gb .
only in the last year have i noticed it start chugging a bit .
ca n't remember if there was an i5/8gb option or not .
sometimes it 's really good for our brains and peace of mind not to do anything at all .
it was about that time that i noticed the girl scout was 60 feet tall ...
just a reminder of the rules https www.reddit.com/r/drawmensfw/wiki/rules of the sub .
posters please take the time to thank the artists that have drawn for you .
if you really like their pieces please do not ask them to do other pieces for you for free as it is bad etiquette .
commentors we know that this person has posted a great picture but please let 's keep the lewd comments out .
artists who use photo manipulation/editing please do not pass it as a drawing .
only those with drawmensfw artist '' flair or the poster can make top level comments without an art link
all other top level comments require a link to an image .
if you would like more info on the flairs please see the requirements here https www.reddit.com/r/drawmensfw/wiki/flair
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drawmensfw if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it depends on the employer also it ease ferry of the workers to the work sites ...
i mean it 'd work fine i just do n't see the point personally .
joining a groop to camp elsewhere seems impractical imo .
personally i 'd ditch the tent sleep on a cot or in a hammock under a canopy and enjoy groop camping because it 's truly the best way to roo .
but i hope it works and i hope you have a great fuckin time at the happiest place on earth !
man i 'm always disappointed in myself when i forget to bring my switch with me when i poop .
which is mind boggling considering fluorescent lights have the same shit in them .
i 've known you 're not supposed to break the damn things since i was a kid .
trump knows less than little 10 year old me apparently .
r5 in the mod end of a new beginning peru begins in a civil war .
however in the game 's code this is just a starting war like the base game 's 2nd italo ethiopian war and not a civil war like the spanish civil war .
therefore the ai did n't take all states leading to a funny screenshot
i personally find those segments entertaining more so coming back to them than when i first saw them .
old running man in general just ages extremely well in my opinion .
even if you personally didnt enjoy it i doubt that you regretted watching the rest of the episode .
but i 'm talking episodes that are borderline unwatchable because they either have lackluster concepts or are executed poorly .
usually especially in recent episodes if the games and missions arent interesting enough if the members have enough funny interactions then the episode can pass off as an okay one .
however if i sit through an entire episode without laughing once thats a problem .
i was walking along a road with a steep drop-off and a cliff on the other .
two dogs come charging out at me and back me up against the edge but i ran towards one menacingly and it backed off so i was able to get out .
i 've been attacked by dogs 3 times in all three times it 's been a stereotypical attack dog in this instance a rotweiler and a fucking chihuahua .
oddly enough the rotweiler was the one that broke and backed off .
i would love to be in a state where all the rich are running away .
there 's nothing wrong with the rich running away .
it 's money coming into my state that has caused me to put off purchasing a new home .
most young married couples here ca n't afford a house now .
the idea that we have to serve the rich is nonsense .
when money leaves an area it becomes more affordable to do nearly everything there .
looks like the handwriting in the speech bubbles in poptropica
the wall only deals with the symptom not the actual problem .
i 'm sure milton friedman would understand supply and demand .
if we end the demand for illegal labor we will see a massive drop in the supply of illegal labor .
maybe if this country would prosecute those people who hire illegal labor instead of putting them in the white house we might not have an illegal immigration problem .
how many seerculls you got in your bank bro ?
am i the only one that gets annoyed by people like fred ?
not the type of people who fit that perfectly but the really good people who purposely take off all of their hats no strange or killstreaks a simple name and will not talk in chat at all ?
i 'm not saying if you are good you have to get hats or anything it just seems like most people do it in a condescending way .
either that or i 'm just jealous that i ca n't beat them in a sniper duel .
i used to have 3 then i changed my thief to a girl cause i wanted caithness armor look
how does their plan prevent homeowners from installing rooftop solar ?
i have about a gram of ostarine that i bought about 9 months ago but got discouraged to use it without a test base or even a pct and i did n't want suppression since i 'm was natty .
i did n't know this sub existed then but i 've been bulking since then and am wondering if anyone would suggest that i use it now still natty .
if it matters i 'm 21 m 5'11 205lbs about 18 bf
every time i see johnny hockey 's concentration face it makes me so uneasy .
it 's like he 's being molested and does n't know what to do
i 've had mine waaayyyy longer than that and have yet to hit pan .
i really hope demi-rani becomes summonable if only to see more of god force 's other functions
can we talk about how fast that deer on the left ate the piece of bread ?
i work in a grocery store produce department and my boss loves to sing random songs talk about memes and sometimes asks me to throw fruit at him so he can try to cut it in half with our produce blades .
i was doing the karts at msrhouston maybe 10 years ago when the guy in front of me had a fuel leak .
i could clearly see it too because gas made a dark line on the light colored pavement and i was running the same line as him .
it actually ignited like 50 feet before the pit exit and he took that chance to gtfo .
i briefly passed through a small wall of fire and ran one more lap .
fire was out before i even got back around .
when i talked to him later he was like it 's not the first time i 've been on fire .
i would have gotten off the kart anywhere on the track but i knew the fire extinguishers were over there so that 's where i got out.
no wonder he was ahead of me the whole time .
ayeee ... .now we need superman and brad pitt to come out
now i am worried that non-educated delinquents are educating themselves on how to build and properly install a car bomb .
we love the same sport the same shows the same animals everything .
no matter what we 're doing when i 'm with her it 's fun .
the fact that she 's drop dead gorgeous also helps .
she broke up with me about 2 weeks ago now .
as much as i hope she eventually changes her mind on things i doubt it .
dune 's sequels are divisive because the sequels take the original story of the triumph of the 'good ' protagonist over the evil antagonist '' and turns it on its head .
dune messiah is not a continuation of this happy '' story which is why it divided people .
the opening chapter of 'messiah ' bronso 's conversation with his captor still sticks in my mind .
the dark side of the force is a pathway to many memes some consider to be unnatural .
personally i have a journal that i mostly use for brainstorming sewing knitting and quilting projects but over time its grown to include random thoughts some work related notes sketches and attempts at calender/bullet journal style pages .
i like the eclectic feel with using whatever for pens and occasionally taping in little notes from other things with washi tape .
if i really hate a page or two i 'll fold the over or tape them together .
i figure i 'm really the only one looking at it and this approach makes me happy .
this is what i think about every time i tell a joke that does n't land .
well no it does n't really stop at mean things .
like i said it 's when people do things simply because they can .
this might be one of the sexiest pictures on here !
they also did n't have facial recognition technology and cameras back then
bigger tax base for appropriations toward the state dot .
but what effect does the moisture actually have on the feather shuttle ?
yeah i felt like that after spurs and then look what happened !
i 'm not getting carreid away on emery we had games like this under wenger with exactly the same squad talking points about character afterwards and we know how that turned out .
i 'm bloody happy rubbing it in the faces of a few chelsea fans but i 'm not going to think we 've turned a corner just yet .
plus we 've got a fucking horrific run of games coming up
if i match with someone with a deepsea diving picture i would not write about them being very good at it because i do not know anything about it .
looks like you know your stuff when it comes to deep sea diving .
you know enough to run a tour for people in such a setting .
2 no i mean i was a part of a tour .
and then 1 would probably laugh at their own interpretation and they 'd share a funny moment .
the argument you 're making is its impossible to tell who started it !
because the one who started it is the criminal .
its called inciting minor to indecent act '' which means the person doing the inciting is the criminal .
you 'd put the ringleader of a teenage crime group in more legal trouble than the followers for instance .
inb4 it 's actually 4 ikes in different sizes .
carlos anthony ice king and ice queen were specifically noted to be unique classes when the rework goes out .
all of the other new winter heroes were noted to offer a unique benefit '' which i would assume being different classes on rework but there 's no guarantee .
i would be but if your pussy is half as tight as your body id get over it
i wonder how noticeable the difference between 16mm and 12 mm is .
about the same field of view change that you see between 16mm and 20mm on your kit zoom relatively speaking .
it 's noticeable but not a huge difference particularly when shooting landscape .
pretty good since we 're working with about 0.57 here .
i used to call the robot you controlled in that ed-209 .
i\`m glad the world will see how mature we all are about all this ...
on the normal point the name should include some self-definition '' in its name so it will defy the time to be corrupt and will always present the true intentions for the creation of the name .
but it has to be catchy in the same time too .
cant think of anything at the moment but i think that is what jp should aim at .
no i do n't hate michael and i do n't hate discovery .
i love the series and watched the first two episodes of season one multiple times enjoying it more as i watched it .
the title said this was the only thing that bugs me .
i do n't mind the main focus on one character .
it 's not the greatest thing but i do n't hate it ... ..
i do n't mind the preachy bits here and there in each series .
all i 'm saying is she seems to do it too often .
they just need to tone it down just a tad and maybe fill in a few spots with some personal logs about a mission or something related to her relationship with the crew or something .
the narrations do n't always have to be about thought provoking political ideals .
i complained in their forums that it did n't make too much sense to escape a planet going right upwards and that you could be in the atmosphere falling to the planet but one meter further you could be in the space floating forever .
someone told me they were n't going to implement the ksp orbits systems as it would n't be funny .
any he cruiser will have a field day with them i dont ' mind .
he 's got tons of personality and unique strengths in form of that huge s.b xx frametrap/grab meaty slam setups and armor on his cd too .
it 's so nice to see stories like this .
always brings a smile to my face if i 'm feeling a bit down .
i suspect she meant a cake made with dextrose or another sugar substitute .
it 's still stupid maybe she just does n't know how diabetes works ?
i expect you can probably guess almost all of these entrants but they 'll get a lot of social media 'hits ' from this .
if there 's genuinely a surprise entrant i expect they 'll just not announce that one on twitter have a silhouette or leave 1 or 2 spots blank
they do n't they power themselves through endless despair against humans no need for oxygen .
pretty sure nathan phillips was n't born before 1776 .
she 's my girlfriend and she 'll always be my crush .
because she 's gorgeous funny and has a beautiful heart .
do n't think i 'll ever stop getting excited when i see her name pop up on my phone let alone the unbridled excitement when i see her in person .
big match this spain needs to win to stay about scotland to remain in a good position for wrwc qualification .
being from scandinavia and using public transport anywhere outside it is not pleasant .
because a common refrain here and in the graun for example is that she only receives criticism for her words and actions due to her race not the fact she 's clearly perpetually confused .
men are more likely to be randomly attacked and killed why are you making it a gendered issue ?
the scary thing is he also earns about £10 million from his personal sponsors on top of his mercedes contract .
that precision kinda reminds me about that story of senna when he hit the barrier and said that the barrier must have moved and everyone ridiculed him for it at first then people saw that it actually had moved a couple of centimeters
the dissolution of your country would lead to a civil conflict .
that was potentially one of the biggest reasons for the civil war .
refactoring the world 's idl to also emit events to the interplanetary blockchain is the consulting opportunity of this century .
dans quel magasin as tu trouvé cette pizza circuit court ?
et puis même si je ne défends pas le magasin qui vend de tels produits il faut différencier le local du circuit court .
well you did ask me if i have a reason .
i see australia and canada as extensions of the united kingdom whereas i see america as a sort of demon child of the united kingdom .
i thought foward is the only good team from na and the current eg is tier 3
go to nakama.network and look for teams with the units you have
eh i 'm not saying i always do that 's kind of my point i 'd be a fool to think i have n't and still do n't do that .
i can be very prideful but i guess we all need to realize our flaws like that .
she already went to the tm community in iowa to ck out running for prez 2020
she already lost a congressional race years ago in california with only 13 of the vote
she preaches unconditional love ... based on the course of miracles
but is not unconditional ... she wants a woman president ! ! !
here is marianne williamson 's open letter to hrc saying she wants a woman president
she practices tm ... just like ivanka trump nice technique ... just avoid the dogma
i like her books ... but have seen her bully the living crap out of people
if she runs it will be to raise her profile sell books and expensive tours programs for rich people
her books are fine but saying you want a woman president when every woman senator voted to increase trumps budget ?
i saw that she was lurking around justice democrats when i was phone banking
long barell 1 and 2 are absolutely needed it 's so hard to 1-shot people with this gun and long barell 2 makes things easier even tho it does not work all the time .
i love this move for us especially if we extend him too .
both brands are good choices who find 'normal ' acoustics too big or thick-necked .
i think people should reach out to her the fact that she could already had committed suicide terrifies me
nyx sculpt and highlight face duo ivory taupe '' used to carve out the brow and cut the crease
glitter platinum baby '' tnd cosmetics do n't think this company exists anymore
famous by sue moxley baked bronzer shade 2 hawaii ''
lashes red cherry wsp and red cherry tyygm 5045 stacked
amen if trump is the hardest opponent to beat ... oh boy ... .i have some news ... cant wait for bernie/aoc/ojeda etc .
they mop the floor with corrupt old school 1980s politician
could send supplies for something your giftee makes or make them something .
or maybe if they 're interested supplies and instructions/lessons on how to make what you 're into .
it 's the first set ... she 'll work it out .
there 's no legitimate estimate for how much a person can store in ltm .
also measuring human memory in bytes makes no sense it 's measured in chunks .
even if trump tried to bring up taft hartley that would be even worse for him .
i assume the person who would have to whisper that into his ear would know not to do that .
he sure as shit isnt going to come up with it on his own .
does n't matter you do n't have enough amps to turn your engine over .
a tell-tale sign of that is if you hear rapid clicking when you try and start it .
and tbh what she said would piss me off of a guy said it too
i like napping so much that sometimes i dream about it
who is wondering why our divisional opponents hate us ?
hear me out on this one.. pineapple and jalapeno pizza .
you get sweet salty and spicy all in one bite .
i 'll give him the benefit of the doubt and say that the 20 games this season where he played like dogshit were due to his knees and this right here is the actual reke .
i would like to throw some together myself someday but i do n't have access to a machine shop and my experience is limited .
i think adapting a leica hektor 135/4.5 would be pretty easy with a scrap p67 lens my dremmel and some time .
i 'm still busy with season 2 but 5 of the next 8 chapters are already done .
if you think that 's bad you should see the stuff from the earliest sets .
pretty sure this is the same guy who shoved the back of a screwdriver into his dick and ripped it out causing blood to erupt from the head of his dick .
i bet she 's a painful partner in bed 😬
baggy sweaters help me ignore that i do have boobs
yeah and i 'm with trump at this moment without a proof apparently you would believe that .
every year my wife makes me a funfettie cake for my birthday and i love it
just join rooms with disabled special weapons if you do n't want to see qaams .
yeah i 've been using mfp but really struggle not to undereat when i 'm tracking but i also struggle not to overeat when i 'm not !
i also do n't always trust the calorie counts so tend to overestimate just to play it safe .
thanks for the tips i 've been thinking about doing progress pics and whatnot but also want to get into a mindset of doing it for health in addition to aesthetic instead of the aesthetic being the ultimate goal .
i do n't care much but from the few things i 've seen this moment i do n't think the kids did anything wrong .
i do n't think they were harassing the guy nor intending to .
however they willingly went to a public demonstration imo the moment you decide to go to one of those things you 're consenting to being exposed to that kind of nasty stuff .
and they 're old enough to think about the consequences of their acts .
as truman said if you do n't like the fire get out of the kitchen .
it does n't help that the smiling kid has a douchey face .
aw ... you just replying even brought tears to my eyes .
the media is pushing an anti-trump agenda to reinforce the belief that he is somehow opposed to the nwo despite being surrounded by 9/11 conspirators and praising zionism
do n't you know how hard it is to have money ?
well why do n't you just run him for td while you are at it
tim pool a liberal center journalist breaks it down pretty objectively in short order .
i do n't know if i would be so hard on yourself about it it 's not a character flaw for trusting friends .
it looks like a place where magic will happen .
it 's likely a niche game with a small community .
no runners left behind meets at the diversey driving range in lakeview .
this top 10 is a collab with musty magmortar part 2 of this list will be over on his channel so go check it out and subscribe to him . ''
this always bothered me when i used to watch these guys .
glad to hear you had a good experience with marc .
i signed up for his bootcamp in april so i 'm really hoping to get the most out of it .
did you study with marc 's video before the bootcamp ?
every team plays as their alter ego the lady bings '' against us every single game .
i 've been doing this since i was a little kid .
probably developed it as a defense mechanism against having to be in public restrooms too long .
definitely do n't do this at a urinal though .
no it goes on whoever you looked like 's criminal record
taking the subway home after a night out and peeing on the side of the building afterwards 👌
that or give the ammo-slot bonecrusher 1 prayer like a blessing .
you could even give it 2 to make it tied bis the diary one would still be free and has other perks .
but losing 2 prayer for 1 inventory space was n't worth it losing 0-1 would be better ...
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/ai4ut0/how_do_i_bring_up_the_what_are_we_talk_in_casual and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likley consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
ah yes i remember doing this my freshmen year of college .
when the classes were so easy i could start the assignments a few hours before they were due and still finish them on time .
it 's been a while since i could start that late and still submit the assignment on time .
cool but in general i recommend not using impact font .
they are small antelope that weigh between 7.7–19.8 lb .
stole 2 superbowls from the pats off of 2 of the luckiest plays of all time with a goofball qb who happened to get hot in 2 postseasons and never did anything useful again
i dont like the idea of kastle either hence my post .
but jon bernthal and deborah ann woll do have chemistry .
not saying they should be together in the show though
genuinely curious as to how you think clean air and water will make people sick
it 's also generally a good idea just to keep yourself sane .
ca n't parent very well when your mental health is compromised
use the cases to replace any damaged/cracked cases you have .
he actually throws a pretty nice straight right but he loops that hook so wide .
and now she 's unemployed and pandering for internet points .
first of all actually recognize someone yay and also plz do n't check my search history
four straight superbowl with that ass of a team go away please .
eh the fact that all the camillas are extremely diverse in playstyles while sharing the same movement type makes her emblem team actually more legit to use instead of being huge meme like lyn or lucina emblem .
and now colorless dagger camilla rounda out her color coverage adds ranged physical and will likely add a new role .
as for ike his alts feel samey cuz they 're all ep tanks built to fire off constant aethers not because they 're infantry .
it looked like even lucic was baffled at what was going on .
i swear to god i 'll donate if she creates a gofundme for a chin so she no longer has to photoshop one .
amazing picture made me smile i love nature thanks for sharing
the second your bullshit is n't upvoted to the top it 's a massive brigade .
even when you 're proven wrong by video evidence it 's still just a brigade .
yeah all of a sudden i 'm finding myself doubting his story a lot .
i feel the exact same way—i look at old pictures of myself and i 'm like giiiiirl how tf did you ever think you were fat 🙄
i was getting a little lucky with whatever they changed masterwork cores to i do n't necessarily think that they need to remove them from the cost of infusing but they should lower particularly since it takes around 20 i think to masterwork something and then 2/3 to infuse it .
you need i think something like a minimum of around 130 to fully masterwork and upgrade your gear also assuming that you only have to infuse each piece once which does n't happen .
that 's ridiculous on a good week i can get around 20 maybe close to 30 cores .
also i have yet to masterwork a single armour piece since this new system by the time i consider it and have extra cores the damn cap raises again lol .
i just downloaded it this morning and i finished it an hour ago
but people refuse to accept the developers reasoning regardless so it does n't matter if it 's the truth because on reddit the downvote button is used for disagreement .
are we to accept the developers reasoning regardless and take what they say as obsolute truth ?
i mean he can say it 's about the server/community all he wants but they have already split the community with all the sharding and even introduced war mode to split us up even further .
its current status is fixed in a future release '' so they 've fixed it already but we just got to wait for those changes to be pushed to live .
that was 100 on andy for not giving mahomes 1 more shot with 16 seconds left ...
boo reposted from a few hours ago give it a day at least
your post has been automatically removed because you did not correctly order the tags .
the tags are being required in a specific order to keep everything easy to read .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rocketleagueexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
the kansas city chiefs have never won the lamar hunt trophy named after their teams owner .
i 've been using sketchup for about 10 years .
i started with it primarily as a way to mock up speaker designs and create cut sheets .
and it 's ok for designing and printing brackets arduino enclosures such but it sucks harder the further you stray from primitive solids .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
you guys the giants and the broncos have more than pulled your weight .
if a passenger demands to deplane you have to let them .
however you are allowed to sue them for damages and put them on the no fly list .
i hope that happens but probably the airline will cave to avoid a religious shitstorm .
i have a lot of respect for him and i think he understand what went down today .
he 's taking part in shitting on the refs lmao .
if deep fried is 10/10 i 'd say an air fryer is 7-8/10
i liked chef but it helps a lot that i 'm married to a former line cook he realized really quickly that he did n't want to spend his life in a kitchen working shitty hours for low pay .
it 's about being passionate about something and finding the joy in what you do .
it 's also about cooks though so it 's completely foul mouthed .
so we 're taking fnaf world as canon even though scott has addresses his disliking for it over and over and has said it 's not canon ?
that reminds me of the windows xp default background image .
better dump my coin for ver cash the official crypto of satoshi nakomoto ! ! ! 1 ! 111one ! !
sorry someone requested trolling so i added some trolling .
i just need a level 10 suit would 25 caps be good ?
yes they test for hiv hep c all that .
the plasma is tested after each time and if there 's ever one problem you 're out for good .
there 's also a screening before each donation where they ask if you 've traveled to certain countries paid for sex gotten a new tattoo and so on .
it really depends on whether a cute girl is around .
if one is near a four if one is not near a 7
kd is a miserable human being who is great at basketball .
please make sure to upvote well written unpopular/controversial opinions and downvote badly written opinions or popular opinions .
please note that we are currently removing all political opinions as part of a trial period .
if your post is political and was not caught in the filter please post it in the politics megathread at the top of the sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
my dad posts stuff like this on facebook sometimes .
one year on my birthday he posted one of my senior pics from high school and wrote a long post about how much he loved me and how proud he is of me .
i thought it was sweet though mildly embarrassing because of how thick he laid it on .
but it comes from a good place so it 's fine .
i only roll 10s when i 'm near my friend .
he 's so damn lucky at this game he did n't even know what a pity rate is .
the last 2-3 tens i pulled with him got me 5*s at 4 rate .
he started months after me has spent like 10 total and has 9-10 5 star adventurers .
i loved his episodes in season 4 as he got to work on some of the best on that season .
asham makes hardline 's shoes and it appears they just made a blue pair and slapped an asham logo on instead of hardline .
i plan on photoing my board properly sometime in the near future as well as doing some build logs
they kinda screwed up there and said that pacific is sea when its an ocean xd
kirby kirby kirby is a name you should know .
kirby kirby kirby is the star of the show .
north east got 20 '' of snow yestersat and last night
it 'd be in reverse late or early may unlikely to stretch to june .
i do n't see how anyone would think it was aife .
aife is never depicted as showing magical ability and if she ever appeared it 's almost guaranteed she 'd be either a saber or rider .
keep mmr with a specific weapons talent that was taken out of the possible roles .
no reason to believe race had anything to do with it .
the tomahawk motion and all the other native american mockery ?
while i do n't think bellona and sez are romantically entangled i think the shipping potential is still there !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/buffhydra if you have any questions or concerns .
i agree that there should be post-service incentives like a small reduction on income tax but there is no need to force people into conscription who are n't exactly needed there .
i 've read codex aeronaut and i 'm waiting on peace talks .
i guess i could/should reread all of the dresden files
that 's what i 'm doing right now well starting from grave peril .
that 's when the series starts getting good imho .
i 've seen cops mess with evidence in the courtroom and i 've read cases of judges biting defendants on the nose and ordering cops to rough up attorneys for being late .
trashy people wear robes and badges too and when they do they 're not beholden to the same laws as the rest of us .
please feel free to resubmit your image with a less flowery title provided it complies with our other rules http www.reddit.com/r/astrophotography/wiki/posting_guidelines .
if you are still unsure which part of your title violates rule 7 please message the subreddit moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/astrophotography .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/astrophotography if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've got a massive thing for guys in girl 's clothing/underwear .
i have to deal with drama more than actual work issues .
do n't they have a single turn duration with 5 turn cd ?
i think it 'd be a pretty neat idea considering how they are supposed to be guardian spirits .
could probably put a self skill seal to prevent using multiple guardians forms .
uh grunge guys arent big on technique i dont think .
honestly i thino harmony is what you should study if you want to write good grunge songs .
he has a series called what makes this song great '' .
he does a few grunge songs look though the playlist and you should find a couple .
he isolates the parts and talks all about the recording .
totally did n't expect to see this seemingly out of place reaction https mangadex.org/data/b17e21d568da86dd5ab78a153612ed90/y17.jpg from hasuki 's little brother .
shuuna 's smile at the end already made my day for how cute she is !
oh and also nice to see that we finally meet the girl on the cover now https mangadex.org/images/manga/15240.jpg ? 1544613815 i wonder how persia 's gon na deal with a yankee like her .
90 percent of succeess in college is work ethic .
as an ex-marine who has worked a real job you know how to wake up early .
i 've worked with few really smart guys but they were obnoxious unreliable constantly slacking blowing deadlines and generally not doing well .
as if this was n't exactly the plan from ll and nailbiter .
that speech before the fight was to prime colt for this
i hope so i 'm not a gay guy but that man is ridiculously handsome and carried the white medical uniform to perfection .
given the latest episode i think stamets is on the way out though and likely any chance of culber returning with him
stay off the booze drink atleast 32 ounces of water and go urinate every twenty minutes cupcake !
i never ever want to see replays of that game again .
i 'm concerned that you are switching jobs quickly i would consider why you are doing that .
is it that your current job does n't involve programming or that nothing at the company involves programming ?
with time and trust building could you eventually automate some of the work ?
i would give it at least 3 months before you decide .
in the meantime working at this company could provide you with valuable skills on the managerial side that you will need when you start a company .
they just do my first job out of college started with me doing the dumbest stuff but eventually i earned the trust of my employers and got to do more interesting work .
haha i ca n't think of one right this moment but i 'll get back to you
my process is taking pics when i feel like it for about 5-10 min .
end up with a bunch cull them and then post
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/buffhydra if you have any questions or concerns .
it makes it a whole lot harder to ban them though .
sure they can keep rebuying the game but then you can use that money to fund your anti-cheat work .
i 'm assuming that your sex drive has amplified while your drinking levels have decreased ?
i do n't see that as a bad thing .
idk if that was a serious question but no it 's not .
ok so not double what the government website charges .
that 's still quite a bit more than the government website even when you include the 8.00 shipping fee .
he 'll probably track the better '' rewinds people made to cure himself
yeah i have phone in front right vape headphones and pocket knife in front left wallet back right and keys back left .
also prevents any possible bullying because you should n't hit anyone who you do n't expect to fight back
however now that men are getting us to sign prenups intelligent women will avoid marriage because it does not make sense to sacrifice your time and money on pleasing a man who fails to provide you with financial security .
uh ... but you just said women acquired financial independence and men are useless to women .
prenups are dangerous because your husband could cheat on you with multiple women and you 'd still walk away from the marriage with nothing .
it 's not like the divorce will take away your sex toys or friends ... ?
it 's only monday and we already have a strong contender for the worst thread of the week .
for snatch or clean and jerk in between attempts .
check out the numbers for polio measles mumps etc .
well that 's kinda true but it 's gift which i would receive without issue .
like if the give me mineta ... .i would probably use it but afar ..afar from my collection .
dead island was in a recent monthly and shadow of mordor is half the price ca n't you go 2 for 1 ?
scourge arrow is fantastic and is the build i 'm playing right now
life of petty crime maybe but not the yakuza .
thats also because the blackout servers ca n't keep up with much .
the nfl has been rigged since eli beat the undefeated pats .
i dont watch the nfl anymore and for the first time in my life i wont be watching the super bowl .
23 cents on the dollar should about do it .
well of course they 're not going to listen to anyone who logically disproves them ...
this data is from 2011 but likely has n't changed much
there is a considerable positive correlation between passports and obama voters .59 and a significant negative one .61 for mccain voters .
it appears that more liberally-oriented states are more globally oriented as well or at least their citizens like to travel abroad. ''
having a passport does n't mean one is necessarily traveling but lacking a passport definitely means one is not and i could n't find better data .
take away his 54 yard bomb and he was averaging 20 yards a catch .
it 's an interesting thing to look through to say the least .
really goes to show how little is done to change how things are being run .
do n't let people congregate in the forums against you by deleting threads and telling them to dm the mods .
10/10 job on the first day back from your vacation .
but in all seriousness i 'm glad we have this place because it 's going to continue to be a sh*tshow over there .
i was able to see a little bit of the lunar eclipse just a few minutes ago .
if i 'm allied to austria who becomes leader of the catholic league can i call them into war against the ottomans and then join the protestant league during the war with the ottomans ?
i know it 'll break the alliance we have will austria peace out too ?
but i do n't know if incan actually do it and i 'm on ironman .
that way i get to weaken the austrians ottomans while also taking the lead in the league war electors ?
input and output selections were assigned properly to the interface .
feel like the saints deserve it after what they did in 09 .
he was found guilty and sentenced to nothing because boys will be boys 🤷‍♀️
i used to play varsity tennis for my high school and my junior year i had to quit because of a problem with my shoulder .
before that i would play for upwards of 5 hours a day during the summer and 2 hours per day during the school year.i still do n't know how it happened exactly but every time i would extend my arm the shoulder would make a huge popping sound and hurt like crazy .
i was in physical therapy for a few months and it was apparently due in part to poor posture due to my super heavy backpack at the time .
once i got to college my posture improved dramatically and is now back to normal .
as far as i know i do n't think it included a look at my cervical spine .
my biggest growth spurt was probably actually this past year as well as one in like sophomore year of high school .
i think i 'm actually taller than 5 ' 7 '' now but i have n't been measured in a while .
anal and colon warts can be removed my perferating a garlic clove with a fork and sliding it up your ass .
2 weeks and your anal warts will be gone both internal and external
i feel like they 're gon na book ali as the iron man only to be eliminated by someone that needs a heel heat towards the end like jinder mahal .
engine repair services and cost engine repair and maintenance services mobile auto truck repair omaha
need car or truck engine repair services near omaha nebraska ?
mobile auto truck repair omaha has a team of experienced auto repair technicians who are experts in performing engine repair services at affordable rates .
call today for pricing or send us an email .
best engine repair services mobile mechanic mobile auto truck repair and roadside assistance services near omaha nebraska !
mobile auto truck repair omaha auto service experts offer a variety of auto engine repair services to keep your car on the road .
about our engine repair services we specialize in a variety of small engines repairs .
from mowers to snow blowers you can count on mobile auto truck repair omaha to repair your equipment .
mobile auto truck repair omaha has been serving omaha for over 15 years .
we have grown as both a business and professionals and continue to look forward to growing with the community
mobile auto truck repair omaha in omaha provides dependable engine repair .
our team of ase certified technicians and master technicians will complete an engine diagnostic scan to find the precise location of the problem .
our shop is equipped with dealership quality state of the art diagnostic equipment and tools that allow our team to get you back on the road faster .
if you are looking for a reliable auto repair shop that can not only maintain your vehicle but also fix major repairs when needed come to mobile auto truck repair omaha .
best engine repair services roadside assistance service in omaha !
read our reviews at yelp facebook or google maps and see what others say about us !
downtown omaha central omaha southwest omaha and sarpy county including the communities of bellevue blair carter lake fort calhoun gretna la vista millard omaha papillion ralston springfield and waterloo ne lincoln ne and council bluffs ia .
zip codes 68007 68010 68022 68102 68104 68105 68106 68107 68108 68110 68111 68112 68114 68116 68117 68118 68122 68124 68127 68130 68131 68132 68134 68135 68137 68142 68144 68147 68152 68154 68157 68164 68178 .
i was thinking more that as the universe accelerates away from us any actions we take will never ever have an effect on an increasingly large volume of the universe .
there is this horizon beyond which our actions and causality will never have an influence .
for us it 's almost like those distant places are a separate universe but for beings existing between they may see both our actions and those of the distant place we can never interact with .
hi are you referring to the counters that come with the game ?
i dumped my ex and i 'm the one who initiated nc .
i have my moments ... some days i feel fine days like today i feel sad/hopeless .
i know i made the right decision by breaking up but i wish that things were different .
it 's a very long article disturbing to say the least '' so i 've post the first few paragraphs .
even before the skinny indigenous teenager was handcuffed and hurled into a fence at least six police officers were worried an innocent man had been arrested .
the man wanted for stealing a vehicle and ramming it into a police car was according to a description issued over police radio a 40-year-old aboriginal with a goatee .
the teenager splayed out on a pavement in heidelberg on the morning of april 5 2016 was also dark skinned .
but he was only 18 with a baby face and no facial hair .
tommy lovett had also committed no crime – moments before his arrest he had been riding his scooter to his grandma 's house .
but by the time officers were directed to continue the search for the actual suspect lovett 's body was bruised grazed and bleeding .
a neighbour would later recall hearing him quietly sobbing on the footpath .
within hours his mother doreen would allege her son 's arrest was the result of racism and that he had been treated brutally by detectives .
police vehemently denied the claims and an internal investigation found nothing wrong with lovett 's arrest .
yet the age has uncovered diary notes and statements from officers at the scene that raise serious questions about the official police version of events and lovett 's handling by detectives .
among the files is a hand-scrawled diary note by a policeman who observed lovett 's treatment and described the incident as disturbing to say the least .
it 's interesting to hear diary notes and statements from officers at the scene are different to the official police version .
what will come of that i do n't know ...
i 've been booting from the ssd ever since i installed it .
boot manager used to ask which device to boot from every time the laptop turned on why is n't it asking now ?
i used a huawei p9 with stock chinese rom for 2 years and this had not happen to me for the whole duration .
i do n't know if they implemented the feature in a later emui version or in later models but as far as i know huawei phones deleting images from twitter is not something that should have happened in this world .
i 'm chinese so all my opinions are immediately invalidated for the indoctrination i received from the government .
edit the ui seems to be emui 5.0 or up .
in nz we tend to say gc ka pai well done mate/bro or good shit to our kids .
the miz looks more of the tag champion than cesaro in this pic lol
yeah it just seemed strange heres a card that negates a keyword but not thoses ones .
whereas with this new ruling it seems so much easier for everyone .
took me forever to find that damn ncvr too 😂 i passed it like 3 times then the internet cut right when i found it .
hi ho hi ho it 's off to space we go ...
my psychiatrist is open to the possibility of it but not a believer .
look no further and start selecting your components this bike ticks boxes you did n't even know you have .
e i may seem overly positive but the aeris am 9 i have is bloody amazing bike .
if i was in the market today instead of one year ago i would go for the zero 29 instead .
anyway if you 're not dead set on carbon check out the bird .
only thing i want out of this is the premier ball .
i 'll tell you what bathurst in the dark in vr is terrifying
it 's not taught any more in a lot of cpr certs
yeah there 's a facebook group of users showing proof of the raffle winnings .
but even still if it was n't for the gift cards i would 've killed the app last year .
rather it 's legit on that end of things does n't matter much to me .
also occasionally i notice they give shit results for the free video rolls .
ie last year every hour you 'd get up to 6 rolls an hour just from videos .
not to mention the dq roll 's from tap/thermo survey 's .
not to mention buying those small 30 roll pick ups with google play credit from google opinions rack ups .
and the re-routing on tap/theromo is now throwing disqualified prompts and not getting any free rolls .
edit so what i do now with very dice is just hoard up all of the rolls then at the end of the month dump them out in one hit .
this month i 've slacked because of doing other things .
but i 've managed to rack off about 550 rolls .
last month i had about 2,000 just from the videos/survey 's then dumped it into a 20 amazon .
this link points to an ebook that is no longer free current price 9.99 and consequently has been marked as expired .
if i have made a mistake please message the moderators .
no solo projects at all no new family members nothing
just use the time to prepare yourself for life in the real world .
having a plan and being ready to implement your goals is very good training .
jeez i feel like i should have found that earlier !
does n't remove corpses just blood splatters dirt on flooring so on .
might pair well with nature is beautiful a mod that changes negatives to neutral or slight positives of naturally spawning objects such as trees and rocks .
stone slag and other chunks are probably best to be dumped in the path of raiders so as to slow them .
any water though you 'll get better and better fish depending on the depth of the tile .
once caught a bass in a 50 foot puddle .
1v1 and small forum rps are good for adding in drama it keeps things fresh and new especially in slice of life type stories .
i though have found in mmo rp that drama can sometimes drag down a group/guild if there 's a major storyline going on .
now of course these storylines obviously have drama deafeat villain x solve murder protect and serve etc. .
drama that drags it down pertains to more petty things like ic relationships not getting what they want and overall just saying rude things to annoy people when it 's just out of place to do so .
it 's fine peppered here and there but when it 's becoming the sole focus it detracts from the storyline being presented .
anyone still in the white house at this point could hardly be called a bright mind '' .
it 's just something beautiful about a semi-forgotten educational movie from 20 years ago was mentioned on a popular podcast by a guest and then led to someone edit a scene in the same way as a scene from an anime because of both being about accepting their fate .
i just do n't understand how people watch this dude and see some of these throws he 's making and call him a system qb .
i personally like it clean as well but i see what the others are saying .
i guess it comes down to personal preference at the end .
this is why america needs to vote these people out of society .
i 'd say that a better description of this guy is idiot with a death wish '' because this is how you end up as a police shooting statistic .
i want to spend 90k on a car so ...
keep in mind that a lot is up in the air for next year .
if not monitored culture can become so saturated that it disappears into a bastardized shell of the native origins
do n't you people say it 's a good thing when that happens to white culture ?
on top of the helpful suggestions here cooking in bulk makes life so much easier .
you can freeze or refrigerate leftovers for another day when you 're too tired to go to the effort of cooking .
there are also lots of really nice 20-minute recipes with versatile ingredients i 'd highly recommend using those to save yourself time .
a couple of websites such as bon appetit also occasionally publish meal plans where they break down the exact groceries you 'll need for that week and each meal you can make from them .
it reduces waste and the mental load of planning everything yourself plus you can experiment with new easy recipes .
i think many people were turned off by the slappy style .
i was too but i eventually had to acknowledge how good he was regardless of how strange he looked at times .
my relationship w my mom i 've lost all trust with her and i wish i had a reason to trust her again .
the triple vault is n't the jackpot in tiny tina slots .
then the dice will roll and only if you get a 20 will you get a pearl .
you maybe could get just a legendary instead i am not sure as i have n't tested it but i believe it is supposed to be a guaranteed pearl .
i 'm not some kind of genius so feel free to ignore me
too much vocab in fact for example mr vasquez 's first words is something no one would say .
drawing attention to him and not doing anything about it feels awkward .
good idea that can be built up for future stories .
attractive world with things like the great fortune adding a sense of mysteriousness .
excellent and relatable characters that drive the story nicely .
addition of the theme feels like a cop out but quite nicely set up for a continuation .
as a personal note i 'm a big fan of you and i really really admire your writing .
but even though this is good i felt it 's not really your best .
i wonder if they talk about it back at the settlement when you 're not around or are building .
we have a group that meets every other fast travel back home you should join us .
we hold meetings in the slocum 's joe that blue built the other day . ''
most of the nucs come as barebones kits that you have to add the storage ram and operating system to .
the b-52 first entered service in 1955 and had a 4 gun turret in the tail .
ww2 bombers had shit loads of machine guns taped to them
they seemed pretty sincere in their review even if we do n't like it or agree .
i personally found some of their points pretty solid the story did follow a pretty predictable line but i found the bittersweet ending to be inspiring .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
also when avoiding the question and going off topic you get interrupted .
how dare qt now allow her to dodge questions and try to talk down to people like she always does .
once again diane had no problem interrupting someone after they said 1 word .
what level of clairvoyance she must have to know what the other person was about to say .
my problem just stopped happening after a while and i dont really know how i fixed it to be honest ... .
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/dirtysnapchat because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can check out the guidelines here http www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/comments/1sacqa/must_read_how_to_format_your_post .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your header
use only m f t a and r for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
if you are posting about r/dirtysnapchat in general please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdirtysnapchat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtysnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
grew up in a rural area so that was nice .
always out sometimes with friends usually on my own imagining great adventures !
i dont want to change batteries like every month we need wireless for about 5 meters signal
that npc always gestures when you died to him .
only 2 npcs in this game do that i think and the second one is way infuriating .
only one of us has had an entire post devoted to what an asshole they are and it 's not me .
edit thank you for adding another paragraph after i responded .
i 'm sorry about your friend and that 's about all i have to say to you .
if you want games with actual gameplay in english fate/extra psp fate/extella various platforms and fate/unlimited codes ps2/psp are your only options .
otherwise the realta nua version of the visual novel with the fan translation is the one you want .
the album ‘chloe burbank ' may be an indication .
my problem with kh3 memes is that during a serious and even sad moment i 'm gon na be giggling to myself because we 've been driven to madness waiting for this game .
sora 's gon na break down crying and i 'm just gon na be like hehe .
is there one for dog free child free people with no money ?
so the way that i learned it is if its just a single site you use a meta tag if you are referencing a directory you can put it in the robots.txt and if you are referencing external material such as pdf doc or things that may download .
gazing thru me like an uzi spraying thru me bag of flesh ai n't nothing left toe tag me zip the bag and check it ''
man you 're a great boyfriend for accepting her !
for a long time we know people never checked facts .
hell new tabloids where the big thing before the internet came along .
people do n't have focus and that 's why they read the headline .
if you want to have the article read you have to be interesting .
people will only read the facts if it 's easy .
that 's why trump supporters love trump because he gives easy to follow solution but bring in health care and they loose their mind because it 's so complicated .
humans are dumb it 's a small minority that make this civilization move forward everyone else is a mouth breather .
guys whatever you do do n't be physically active in a swedish sports team with your offline friends .
just kidding by the way his body figure is not actually that bad and he 's in decent shape afaik .
what would be the best question to ask you ?
did the farmer say why he thought it was only suitable for cattle ?
you 're the closest thing to the classic gay fantasy of getting the straight guy .
a shit ton of gay guys are everse to bi guys not interested in them cause it 's close to the classic gay fantasy '' of getting a straight guy
damn they have so many amazing coaches who went there that 's unbelievable .
my brother went to miami and they have a massive cradle of coaches mural/banner on the side of their stadium .
i forwarded the error to our administrator we will get you covered
i feel its amelia who is behind all this hays cant see past his love .
ok. that 's another motivation to have a ltr which indeed has some lack of personal maturity .
yeah we were basically their project p such a tiny country managed to be the first world empire and avoid being conquered by spain .
i can imagine a game in the beggining of the age of discovery or when we achieved global colonization playing as an assassin conflicted by the fact that his nation is a templar creation but determined to save it and prevent world domination by the portuguese kingdom
not sure why he said north america when he clearly meant the us .
in canada they would still there after a month long no i insist you go first '' fight .
is n't the fw16 the car that senna and hill drove ?
hrm i must have missed the part where i called him elite .
let alone the part where he would have been buried on the depth chart and done zero to make us better if he was kept as rb was one of our few strengths in denver and pointed that he 's fortunate if anything about him being cut and finding his way onto a contender with multiple injuries at rb .
as well pointing at the other teams because they were the only teams he was actually on this season so if he was going to give anyone shit it should have been them .
but in all seriousness why would anyone use madden as a gauge for anything ?
cool but it looks like something out of a horror movie ...
my songs are definitely not pop they 're pretty out there .
i could share a private link to listen and you could see what you think ?
i legit would n't be able to take it not in a tiny cramped plane with no room to walk lie down or even stretch my legs .
i 'm getting anxious just thinking about it i 'm boarding a plane in 5 hours .
i think its reasonable to think that they payed their money so they 're entitled to play it however they want .
feel free to buy the game for them if you want a leg to stand on before criticising how they play it .
gold leader '' is kind of apt when describing him so it works in a way .
that 's really not how the sewage system works .
the water part once it 's been processed and disinfected does go back into the water system .
the sewage part is reprocessed into fertilizer http www.mwra.state.ma.us/03sewer/html/sewhow.htm .
we 'd be in a lot of trouble if all our shit was going into rivers and seas .
apparently celebrating a win with your own fans is seen as antagonising '' now .
now we know how to take her out lol .
jbo laver konstant den her slags kommentar jeg er sikker på at han ser noget sandhed i det men sætter det med vilje på spidsen som en joke .
yeah lol such bullshit tho bc the original post was a repost as well
that does indeed say that the billionaires ' wealth is based on the forbes net worth list but it does n't say what the relationship between wealth and net worth is for everyone else .
that i because people are working without pay you should already know that .
you 'd be surprised how many you find by doing a random flamer sweep sometimes .
all i am saying is that he is n't playing the same position that he is considered world class .
and saying that he is n't playing his preferred position is accurate .
but for some reason the chelsea fans get real bent out of shape about it .
now when people try to blame the loss on kante playing out of position and what not that 's a different story .
but to say that he is n't the same player playing in his current role out of position is accurate .
save the td wins but a fg does n't win unless the other team has already had a chance to possess the ball in which case a fg actually does win unless the other team made a fg on its possession immediately preceding your fg in which case it does n't win it just extends the game '' overtime nonsense for the regular season .
a chance to play in the super bowl should n't come down to a coin flip .
play full overtime periods until there 's a winner once you 're in the playoffs .
make it 10 minutes instead of 15 if you 're worried about injuries or whatever excuse they have for this current format .
did n't realise why i did n't do it earlier lol
i 'd say it is plant precum as nectar contains no actual reproductive cells .
just accept the fact that you are in fact bad and figure out what you got ta do to improve .
he 's said on video he does n't care .
do n't remember which one but when carlton dude stated he was suing backpack kid came out saying the same .
analog watches or clocks in ads/commercials https www.google.com/search ? q=watch+clock rlz=1cdgoyi_enie741ie744 hl=en-gb prmd=ismvn source=lnms tbm=isch sa=x ved=2ahukewjs9pzz2_7fahv1xhuihrlbcx4q_auoaxoecawqaq biw=320 bih=452
my teacher said it was to give a positive impression rather than looking like a frown .
because you are not separate separation is an only deep-rooted mental concept which at its root has thoughts i am.. '' you are.. '' intellectual understanding is of little help here you would have to investigate to realize this but if a direct path is not for you then consider it scientifically .
when you see some other '' some distance away from you it is only your eyes processing sensory data but that is all happening within you similar with other senses what you think is external is happening within your consciousness you simply can not find an experience that is not happening inside your being therefore any implication of outside world and distinctions made are only mental .
it becomes very clear when you 've sat in silence for some time .
i had this insight once when i was deep in meditation thoughts were absent for a while and sound of birds appeared in my consciousness and to this experience thoughts like there are birds chirping out there '' were connected so i enquired about the nature of these thoughts and who is having them and when the thoughts were made absent then the sound was found to be appearing in my self only and it was obvious that birds are not separate from me only thoughts were giving this appearance .
i 'm a classic fan so of course i 'll play classic and if it is delivered well i 'm going to play it for a long time .
you either like it or not and well even with an all time low subscription count it is still doing well for itself all things considered if anything when i logged in this weekend i saw a bunch of servers being full or on high pop count ... so eh .
maybe it 's just your friends and reddit/forums people who you see complaining and the people who do n't visit these forums and are not on your friendlist still play actively i mean there are still championships for wow too ... .not every game can say that anymore ... .looking at you heroes of the storm ... . .
if they want to fix this game they have to do a clean slate restart ... .classic kind of does that..
others mentioned wow 2.0 ... that can be a solution sure .
sadly i as a vanilla fan ca n't really say much on the state of retail as i have too big of a bias towards the original expansionless game ...
not europe but it is a part of denmark .
they kept the red and white from denmark but made it their own and it 's also one of the more unique flags in the world .
everyone 's using stripes etc but greenland made something original .
if you really want to sell someone sell nurkic instead of blake blake is way better .
i am honestly not entirely following your way of thinking .
ultima online works like that because it was actually a quite successful game for its time and thus very well known .
plus it will need to keep beeing updated by the devs yes also the mod tools .
if they do n't give away the source code you ca n't have fixed and added everything through modders .
they 've had a playoff bye every year since 2010 nine in a row and had four more byes in the brady-belichick era before that ridiculous streak went to the sb all four times ... which is a playoff bye aka in the top two of the afc 13 out of 18 years which goes up to 13/17 if you do n't want to count the matt cassel year .
i mostly vape sub-ohm and had the same concern when i picked up my orion .
after tweaking its settings i found it to be surprisingly good .
i definitely prefer my sub-ohm tanks but the orion is clutch when i want something less clunky or leak prone to carry .
i know exactly what you mean i have the same problem with the 35mm film cels from the rebuild movies ! ! !
i would prefer meng huo but he is n't the most well known .
massive brigading the likes of which i have never seen on reddit .
it sounds like it 's going through a pretty big change so i would n't assume it 'll all carry over though i hope it does !
whats the worst government cover-up you have ever discovered ?
lmfao i spotted the 10 year old with 2 braincells
i like your writing style ca n't wait to read the rest 😄
i say ask her about the psych and build it into the anime convo if it goes there .
the one thing you need to do is seem like you 'are n't really interested ' if you catch my drift .
talk to her as a friend and stay in that mindset .
u/opipi628 your post has been automatically removed becuase it received too many reports for violating the rules .
if you feel this is in error please contact the mods using the link below .
please review the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/ladybonersgw/comments/9bxt78/the_rules_of_ladybonersgw and follow them the next time you post .
the most common rules broken are rules 2 4 and 5 .
repeated violations of the rules will result in you being banned from r/ladybonersgw .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ladybonersgw if you have any questions or concerns .
but your comment will sure help the hard way .
why did your blur the name on your own comment ?
we are still planning our operations hence some minor errors in this post .
let me clarify for you and other reddit users .
we need unreal engine developers since our primary platform will be unreal engine however we may be using unity for other projects .
we are trying to create indie games for all to enjoy .
for this we require a multitude of skilled 3d artists 2d artists story writers and programmers .
currently we are using a system of junior/senior insert role .
the juniors are members of the team who are willing to learn a certain skill or multiple skills at once .
the seniors have mastered the said skill or have decent knowledge about the topic and teach juniors while also working on a selected project .
as this is a team of people who aspire to become developers there is no current compensation except for a finished project and gaining a following online .
so you were the guy that bought those nice track pants
i bought two t shirts an initial d framed puzzle and a fucking keyboard for some reason
i 'm upvoting all of the comments on this now .
the center looks like a muffin with eyes clapping .
depends on what i 'm craving on any given day really but i never go wrong with the bbq ranch salad or wrap .
i also really like the seasonal buffalo chicken salad which keeps getting brought back by popular demand 3rd season in a row .
if i get a wrap i always get it in honey wheat as opposed to white
yeah my bad thanks for pointing it out will change it commencing next week
i wonder of her doctors and insurance companies ever saw these posts and still rx and pay for her multiple wheelchairs ?
also saying no matter how badly your body is decimated '' it will grow back is stupid af .
if you have a spinal cord injury chances are that it may never get back to 100 .
its offensive and hurtful to say shit like that .
mostly i think because while she 's dancing around and doing stupid human tricks with her body she 's also pretending to be handicapped .
or maybe it 's just me who 's auper offended ?
idk it 's very risky bcuz mom watches her karma count and she uses new reddit vomit emoji
i 've been spamming oracle recently with great success just feels like i 'm doing so much damage in early fights .
just wanted to ask which of his level 25 talents do you prefer ?
i 'm struggling trying to kill champion gundyr just to get the titanite slab aldrich is gon na whoop me .
it did provide a certain level of excitement yet apprehension .
i have grieved more for the death of my pets especially dogs than any human family member so far .
it 's still appropriate depending on where you live .
i open carry in public if i 'm headed to an outdoor activity or sometimes the range .
jesus christ this is why people laugh at you neckbeards
as somebody else on this thread said yes yes yes '' !
i feel like the time jump will not be addressed virtually at all next episode but everyone on this thread has come to generally the same consensus there 's a good chance fiona and bill 's time jump will not have the exact same conditions as that of the original one but that one scene was hella important and it 's going to be brought up unexpectedly somewhere down the line .
the long corrador of spikes in the ground with the ones that shoot up in the middle .
there is no way to do it with out pogo .
you never said how you got through fungal wastes ?
no one on the internet can tell you when it 's supposed to happen '' .
your body is retaining water and at some point it will stop retaining water .
it 's about your average behavior over a very long period of time .
it 's good to collect data on your eating habits and body composition but being obsessed with the the scale moving is likely to to hamper your success .
for me it leads to well its not even working i might as well eat xyz '' ... .
stick to to your plan and accept that this may take longer than you want but it is a worthy endeavor nonetheless .
as a follow-up i left it alone for a couple of days skipping my normal daily cleaning and it seems to have settled down .
i had n't even gotten the chance to get saline before it seemed to be acting normally again .
i tested it tonight after a few days of no problems when cleaning with a flat-ended stone plug very slightly larger than the glass pair i had been wearing and they slipped right in with no irritation or swelling .
as always it seems patience the hardest ingredient was key .
i think the candyland minecraft had some good moments .
i remember him saying something along the lines of why are you talking to me ''
edit i should have read your replies before commenting .
lol yes if you were thinking of candyland that was it .
the aikikai has always maintained that he had his primary spiritual experience '' in 1925 although that causes some problems for their timeline .
actually he used that same spiritual language in the 1920 's and 30 's virtually unchanged from the language of the 1960 's .
where the translator 's went wrong is a big discussion but i 'll mention a few things .
one is that morihei ueshiba 's models for his spiritual and technical explanations were the same .
all of his technical language is include in the spiritual language but almost everybody misses that .
secondly many of the published translations are just wrong altered from the original and taken out of context .
third morihei ueshiba 's conception of peace and harmony '' comes from a very different cultural context it 's not what most folks make it out to be .
if you 're the server it 's a loss of first serve does n't progress .
if you 're the receiver i think it 's always a lost point ?
i visited your instagram i really like how you compose and expose your shots 1 follow
it 's a tough one but you can add flare something i found interesting is how substituting one word can change the whole tone of the longline so when you settle on a longline and get it too a good length try changing our words for synonyms and see how it affects the tone of what you are trying to say .
i think in general they need to balance the cost of creation vs destruction .
it takes too long to build a base or boat and it does n't take long enough to raid or sink them in general .
raiding is n't as easy as a lot of people seem to think you 'll need to either craft a bunch of explosive barrels or bring a tame carting a cannon to break into even the most basic of stone bases .
if you do the former you 'll need to make sure you have enough even just being 1 barrel short can completely thwart your raid and if you do the latter you risk your tame being killed by one guy with fire arrows completely thwarting your raid .
raiding in general is in favour of the defenders the only time they 're ever not at an advantage in a raid is if they have zero players online and no allies to help .
you only need one person in a locked room upstairs to completely stop raiders declaiming your base regardless of how outnumbered you are .
seriously it 's not that hard to recruit foreign players or introduce yourself to some neighbouring companies based in a different timezone and make an agreement to look after each other 's bases .
i do n't think it 's fair to remove what i and surely many others consider to be a good feature of the game simply because a few other people are unwilling to work with it .
i was working hospitality for the ao over the last few years and certainly people tended to complain about the water i refunded a couple out of the hundreds that we sold but i 'd never refunded a bottle of water when we were stocking mt franklin in the years prior .
i 'll concede that most australians would not perceive most of their chinese products as dirty the perception may be that the products are n't as good which i think is less true than it used to be but i do n't think that the perception of chinese products as dirty extends to things that we are n't eating and drinking .
wow thanks your litteraly the first one to answer my questions lol but yea idk how people can go to festival and shit on mdma i just wan na lay down and cuddle everyone ahah
i can tell when my stress is taxing my meds to their breaking point when i feel i want to cry for no real reason .
dog food commercial with cute puppy ? time to tear up !
remembering a movie where a character was mean to an animal ?
who cares that it 's a fictional act ... better tear up !
i absolutely love the art style and concept in this game .
i hope the final product has a focus on experimentation and discovery !
i think adding a cultivation aspect to break up the pure experimentation part would really add to the experience .
i also hope you have a plan for good music to go with the game because i feel good in game music can make or break a game 's mood .
i feel like some lutes or harps would do wonders for this type of game .
we require all users to set a post flair for their own post .
there is a 30 minute grace period and this has passed for this post .
click here http imgur.com/a/m3fi3 to view this helpful guide on how to flair your post .
for more information please read this post https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/comments/8bznpy/state_of_the_subreddit_new_moderators_survey .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules if you have any queries about this you can contact us via moderator mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnitebr .
i have a stock regedit when i upgraded to a my new gtx card i first ddu the drivers and restart then download offical signed nvidia drivers
we did n't want to waive him because we 'd be on the hook for his salary .
a fucking lie is what they called it in as .
try using a blank notecard to cover the rest of the problem and only focus on the one operation or step that you are on .
sometimes my students ' brains are already on the next step while they are writing the previous step and make careless errors .
haha i 'll have to weigh the options ca n't be any worse than the tane lol
it almost looks like it teleported to the other side of the screen it was heading left when diddy got hit .
there is absolutely nothing i wouldnt do for a massive amount of money ie 100 mil
i play whichever team i like i do n't care if the community likes it or not .
it 's really fun for me and helps out a lot so tell me now why do n't i deserve that rank ?
because a bunch of top tiers are on that team ?
that does n't matter to me i 've been playing gotenks since i got the game and knew nothing vegetto i always wanted to play and bardock i find fun .
i think it was more about the offensive line and his lack of weapons .
when taysom hill is your fourth best option there 's a problem .
ahh god i remember building giant ass villager breeders and having a cult of villagers .
see what makes feminism so unattractive for men is things like this where supposedly our issues ca n't matter because women have it so much worse .
being concerned about men being falsely accused and women being raped are not mutually exclusive .
obviously i am concerned about women being raped and i have considered different ways to help the issue myself .
however i found you insinuating that false accusations are practically nonexistent to be pretty ignorant so i provided some statistics .
a lot of people wanted it on switch and given that the switch is still hot at the moment the longer they go without putting metroid on switch in some capacity the risk is increased .
make a lbg build around stickies or even better make the dark devoured and build around ko sticky and cluster and you 'll find kush a lot easier .
also gem in vitality for the extra health boost .
if the pace is so slow we are most definitely gon na lose
that 's why i 'm alive maybe next time you 'll have a better shot !
that 's the nicest thing anyone 's ever said to me ... .you know i want to share something with you i have n't told anyone ok here it goes 6 years ago i was babysitting ... part 1/78 .
to all the other big tiddy goth girls reading this i 'm also single and lonely .
the way i thought about it is that people love themselves so much that when they have a child they see it as the most beautiful thing in the world because it came from them !
he had a killer match with morishima with that injury in his eye .
badass af also stupid but still mad respect for db
if they see a cup with one in it they 'll do everything they can to knock it over .
for the us packs there 's really only 2 slots out of 9 1 energy that has a chance of being a good card .
you definitely have the cute part down i 'd love to find out about the slut part together
after talking to a few of them i think the lack of a super bowl is indeed the root cause .
on another note i do feel like reddit has some of the worst members of representative fanbases .
so maybe we 're just getting exposed to a small sample size and generalizing based on that .
i would tell them as soon as you start training in order to give them as much time as possible to plan for your absence .
you should also contact your benefits team to understand your options .
you will be protected by california pregnancy leave laws but not by fmla so you should start preparing to understand your benefits and income options sooner rather than later .
there are some unscrupulous people out there but by and large in california you 'll find people are grateful you gave them time to plan .
your light source is coming from the right so you could make more of that and make the shadows longer and darker the sun would likely be lower in the sky .
edit and maybe darken the left side of the trees with a blue/brown wash atm your left sides of the trees look lighter than the right sides but your shadows are on your the left .
with the way we kick problems down the road i 'm surprised we do n't just use it and let our great grandkids clean it up .
there was a video i watched of a rabbi talking about ghosts before but ca n't remember the full content i just remember what he said about apparitions of the dead showing up to people to finish what they need to or something like that
yeah and maybe this is nitpicking but i was hoping it would have a longer shape i.e. neck out and wings spread like the got dragon rides .
today was the first day that my voice is normal and i 'm not coughing up a lung .
my question is if over 50 people with around 17 wins are playing after 12p.m .
e why would n't they have a harder time all getting into the top 100 ?
and why would players that have like 10 wins and dont play as well being playing at that time if they dont have as much of a stake in winning ?
i would tell him that i love him so much .
also if he needs anything or if he 's in pain or not feeling well to point at what he needs or where the problem is .
and if he learns to look both ways before crossing the street and avoid cars then i 'd let him play outside with the neighborhood cats but only if he comes home when i 'm there .
i know which one but i 'm reasonably certain they ate ss wire and also looked around online and dont see that either like i hate to come off as an ass so please dont take it that way but can u snap a pic of the box saying that ?
because nothing anywhere i found at least says it and i 'd love to see it for myself
i mean doesnt hardin count as a non-european design ?
dayan is probably my favourite design in the game actually .
tomorrow we 'll see the front page multiple thread bill gates circle jerks 'he 's just like us ! '
if you do n't think bill gates and his ilk are the problem then you are the problem .
what i like about the rat 2 is the pure look and the way it performs as well as the size .
the tenacious is an ok starter spyderco and starter knife .
what i like about it is how sharp it comes from fabric and how easy is to resharpen .
in my opinion the tenacious is a little small for me but i still love it .
it is up to you wether to choose one of these two or find a different option
submit your ticket application by 11:59pm pt monday february 11 2019 .
you 'll receive a unique application number via email which will also include a link you can use to review your ticket application .
if your zip code makes you eligible you can add an online furniture submission to our ticket application at any time before the february 11 deadline see furniture details below .
ticket winners will be selected in a random drawing in mid-february .
all applicants will be notified by email in late february about the outcome of the ticket drawing .
an £8k jacket would objectively be better than a £100 jacket .
a £1000 cable is the same as a £1 cable .
i have had no issues with mine maybe i 'm lucky but have n't heard of anyone needing extra medicine while on it .
the price is stupid for sure but if you have insurance it 's 5 with the here to help discount .
okay if you 've got the game tell me how much you want .
you 're welcome love to see more of you do you crave bbc
this will be the first time that brock watches raw .
i was thinking the same thing but then a girl in one of my classes showed up the other day with several giant cat scratches across her face .
i feel like if i met someone with jigsaw 's face in real life i would have an even harder time trying not to stare .
i think i know where i went ... this is ibex sand dunes ... .
we 're paying him anyway we may as well play him .
since its introduction back in 2011 the skylanders video game and toy series has generated upwards of 2 billion in lifetime sales .
it is one of the top 20 game franchises of all time with 175 million toy sales . ''
in college i used an empty absolute bottle for storing drinking water .
the cold glass made the water taste so good especially when you wake up all hungover from boozing too much the night before .
one day my roommate thought it would be hilarious to refill it with vodka .
i woke up the next morning after a hard night 's drinking with that pasty cottonmouth feeling and stumbled to that delicious bottle of cold water .
i did n't even realize it was vodka until about the fourth or fifth big gulp .
it 's actually quite cold here by vegas standards .
honestly her hair makes her look like an american girl doll and i think that has something to do with it lmao
this post has been automatically removed because the link is broken or deleted .
if it 's shitpost sunday and your post has n't been posted yet today reply to or report this message and your post will be approved .
styles and bryan have a legitimate case for being top 5 in the world .
what i do recall is that star wars was initially a limited release to just a small number of theaters nationwide just 40 total ? ...
and this was after time magazine dedicated a major chunk of their weekly issue to it which really built the hype .
i was living in the dc area at the time and the only theater that was showing it was the uptown theater in 70mm with dolby stereo .
read the following for a sense of how crazy it was back then the movie that ate cleveland park https www.washingtonpost.com/archive/lifestyle/1977/06/23/the-movie-that-ate-cleveland-park/494f67a6-40b5-45b4-968c-807a5bf61c57
all told i watched it in about a dozen different theaters but the best by far was the spectacular uptown theater .
is it possible you 're just not attracted to good guys ?
you 're giving chances '' but are you giving them chances to be likeable or chances for you to like them ?
try observing what they do and casting it in a positive light that really excites you .
the husband and i enjoy retro video games during the winter months it brings us back to being kids and it beats sitting on the couch staring at our phones .
we also have a karaoke machine complete with party lights and costume props !
eeek i 'll have to discuss it more with him for specifics
balor has to pin strowman or he will look weak .
yea man honestly i 'm glad i read your whole story i looked up other reddit posts about waiting and i saw a few that were like ‘ when i tell a guy i 'm not ready it 's just a polite way of saying i 'm not interested ' and like it kinda made me feel bad about it but after reading yours i was like bro this is literally my situation .
i realllllly feel deep down one day it 's gon na work .
she will not say she 's not interested it 's just the fact she can not which i respect .
i 'm 24 and have been single for a few years and i mever really perused a girl until her i 'm gon na go with the flow and not wait but she was like no other person ive met
i 'm in the pnw my siblings are in wales !
it 's an off brand one they sell them in asda walmart useable to start with but they do get lil unresponsive after awhile of being used alot
over all i 'd say 6/10 on usability and quality
stock holders also have influence on the company with their vote .
it 's why at 5 their larger than normal position is disclosed .
they are far greater influence than the average shareholder through that voting power .
they say shit like playername what have you done to yourself ! ? ''
as they say they 're the best looking team you 'll see broken down on the side of the road .
were n't nordic countries labelled as social democracies and not democratic socialist which are completely different labels ?
the nordic model refers to the economic and social policies common to the nordic countries ... ..
they note that even in the scandinavian countries social democracy has been in decline since the weakening of the labor movement..
it 's cause she probably literally never says anything mean about anyone or anything crass about colton 's sexiness '' or vcard '' .
basically she has class and therefore provides no usable soundbites .
well the last one i saw was 40 ... so already ahead
romo is putting a ton of film room time in which allows him to be such a great analyst .
to be fair my coke has probably been cut with worse in the past !
i know we give a lot of shit to kid singers but if anyone on this show is a champion angelica hale is
unfortunately your submission has been automatically removed for the following reason s
avoid reposts of posts currently in hot top or ones that have been done to death https www.reddit.com/r/boottoobig/wiki/donetodeath .
we will treat reposts on a case by case basis but if we start seeing the same post over and over it will be removed .
if you think this is wrong or have any further questions please feel free to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fboottoobig .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
the city has a frenchmen street so this is pretty vague
oc 's are fine when they 're well done and appropriate .
amy is just a name outta natsuki 's poems .
amy is a fictional character in a fictional game .
she 's the birth child of a shitty meta idea .
it 'd be weird if their pierogi was something to be a fan of .
so you saw a cute girl assumed without knowing her or ever talking to her that you could get her number gave away where you live on reddit due to the fact that you think based on the way she looks she would be on a particular part of a particular website and thought she would know you were talking about her once she who definitely sorts by new on this part of this website saw this non-descriptive post ?
better hope your trip is soon i went yesterday and the store was almost empty on supreme stuff .
the web store is already closed too so the stores will be closing within the next week i 'd say .
they 'll open again at the start of the next season so like late february .
is n't this the lady that said the unemployment rate was so low because people had to have two jobs ?
due to the high amount of spam currently affecting r/overwatch we are temporarily removing posts of accounts that do not reach a minimum comment karma threshold .
please contribute to the subreddit via comments and discussion first before posting submissions .
we do n't disclose the exact amount but commenting and sharing around reddit will help .
we ask each new submitter to gain the karma required before submitting regardless of content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch if you have any questions or concerns .
he typically wears dress shoes and wore basketball shoes tonight
i do n't like the chinese and their smelly ill-mannered nature .
he is one for trying to run over the pigeons
you can complain all you want so long as you pay your taxes .
did you juts completely ignore the whole study i sent you about how trans brains are like that of the gender they identify as or did i juts not send it .
galveston tx is home to the 3rd oldest cargo ship in the world .
i 'm guessing you 're trying to post on the r/iamverybadass picture ?
at first i thought this gif was going to go in a different direction 😅
i did this to two girls i went on a date with one time i think this should be the way to do it
i 'm probably focused on the wrong thing here but was there just some random dudes hand in the frame at 23:20 to the right ?
i knew i 'd seen that thing before ! ! ! !
i was a tiny one in the 80 's and i had one of these ! ! !
so are you having trouble finding just the area of any deformed part ?
because you can check the normals and see if they 're pointing a certain direction so that you can tell if it 's deformed or not .
i enjoy games that i can play with my friends better honestly .
but everything i play is also on the pc .
i resent the people who set the system up that way .
i resent the people who teach to judge not by the content of character but the color of skin .
i resent the ignorant people who think they know everything and like to lord over others from their ivory towers .
i resent a lot of things but that does nothing for me .
sadly nothing i say or do will ever get through to people like you who are so set in the belief that people are what they are and ca n't change .
somebody could use that on me as a pick up line and it would work .
i do n't see why u hate on this guy ?
you beat the guy and he did n't have a single chance with all his stars .
looked like a lock up from grabbing a handful of panic brake to me
virtual machines access the host 's hardware directly which relies on the host and guest having the same cpu architecture .
emulators on the other hand basically implement hardware in software .
literally had a kid on the other team say i give tf up '' after going down 1-0 with over 2 mins still left and he quit and went to siege and he was on xbox lol
hope the boys did n't bring home any leftovers .
joe relied too much on his offense to cover up his defensive holes .
if he somehow survives early he 'll dominate late though .
will always support this developer for the remainder of my life as long as they keep doing their thing .
this game strays far away from soulsborne games based on what is currently known about the game in the wrong direction .
yeah i could name myself after winnie the pooh .
they literally have completely different playstyles darryl is supposed to sneak up on other players and charge at them to deal a ton of damage while bull is supposed to wait for other people to get close to him so he can destroy them in seconds
ah thanks that looks like a good one with lots of info .
missing bullet velocity over range but otherwise looks very useful .
i see they note the patch version and date from which the data comes from in the footer too which is very helpful .
it seems like this conversation is almost impossible to have these days .
it was very clever to preempt the right 's observation of these parallels by hurling the nazi '' term at them early and often .
it would not only bring in huge wave of toxic players
now with 5 less umgak you want to play the skaven ?
in all seriousness it 's a bad idea that fatshark has no interest in .
the whole game would need to be rebalanced around the pvp minority .
there are actual trump avatars in vr chat and they are as freaky as you imagine them to be .
it was actually a john oliver bit if you want to search it .
my gf is doing a phd in agriculture and organic rules can be fairly odd sometimes .
i also was chatting to a guy who roasts coffee beans and does n't have the fair trade label and he was complaining about how it does n't actually help the farmers .
it 's just become this commodity for companies to have .
so he has a personal relationship with where he gets the beans from instead .
it 's like that story about in order to deal with certain wastes countries were just sending them to places where it 's okay to burn all the rubbish .
so one country gets to say it is n't burning the waste but in the end all the waste is burnt anyway .
at work atm so people will have to do their own digging to find more information .
but there 's literally hundreds of these sorts of stories .
public perception of how green '' or fair '' your produce is is quite obviously more valuable to a company than actually doing it .
i prefer to sit in first class in the front row with a window seat ! ! !
every flight on any airline i fly on is first class front row with a window seat ! ! ! !
plus for my entitled sarcastic bastard self the best looking flight attendent in the entire airline must be my personal attendent .
to make a few more points on this story she has to cut the hair on my balls too .
i get its just cosmetic but it does still piss me off .
i bought it a month ago and have to spend more money .
i honestly would n't mind if i just instantly got all the goodies on purchase .
i do n't think there is a way to calculate the odds .
do another shot where the ball bounces off a few things and lands an the green ?
why does everything seem like an analogy for brexit these days ?
where 's my money you robbing bastards ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ''
well it 's been paid it 's just a glit ... ... . ''
smash it all ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
this submission has been automatically removed because it is not a direct link .
please submit links ending in .gif .gifv .ogg .mp4 .webm only right click copy link address .
if it does not end in the aforementioned then the submission will be removed from r/gifs .
please review the guidelines in the sidebar about the types of submissions that are appropriate for r/gifs
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gifs if you have any questions or concerns .
they can ban people who used a cheat engine to get in but not everyone with the helmet or paladin paint or whatever .
lots of innocent people have it now that have no clue it 's not in game and never had anything to do with exploitation .
bethesda would be really stupid to get ban happy .
lose a lot of future customers and it makes them look foolish .
oui c'est plaisant d ' avoir les mains libre quand tu n ' as pas un rond pour financer tes politiques .
it 's really just an overview of a language from different aspects phonology morphology syntax you know the drill .
the course requires us to find and submit the name of a comprehensive reference grammar '' and i know mine is not enough that 's really it .
i 'm more than willing to read outside the reference grammar !
building in the foreground was built as matson https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/matson inc .
's world headquarters now part of pg e 's headquarters
the point of amtgard generaly is n't to be in a story but instead run around hitting people .
which is freakin fun but definitely makes one pause to call it a larp .
he 's been given 150 pages to finish the arc in a proper manner which is a bit under the average length of the pre shogun assassination serious arcs .
and he 's been given over 4 months to work on those 150 pages much more than he 'd have on a weekly magazine .
i 'm sure he 's had enough time to properly plan how to end it properly .
you keep trying to protect yourself under the guise that you like pacquiao more than floyd and it 's irrelevant .
the problem is that you 're taking all these unfair judgements of fighters into consideration when making your own .
she is the queen therefore she gets the best our country has to offer in terms of food healthcare ect .
i keep clicking into your rant threads assuming one will eventually be well thought out and formatted and every time i 'm disappointed .
it 's raining or horrible weather more often than not so i 'd never have a chance to open the roof without also turning the car into a swimming pool .
then he would have to look away from the game and even if it 's just a split second it 's many split seconds over the duration of a game where he 's not looking at the game .
the cognitive load should also be lower since he can completely disregard his spartial awareness .
the other guy is also their strength and conditioning coach and during the game he has nothing else going on .
ca n't tell if worth it ... did 3 pulls 130 gems and only red was the guarantee .
happy about it but 130 gems and no other reds ?
go brown fur transmuter use invigorating poison pick a poison that hits multiple stats give them a 6 alchemical bonus to that score then bull 's strength or cat 's dex for 6 enhancement then enlarge/reduce as appropriate for 4 size ect .
would recommend watching dbz kai instead of vanilla dbz it removes all of the useless filler .
good to see tim pool is very likely migrating to gab .
the only ones screaming and throwing a fit are feminist retards like yourself
i have the titan one and it 's 100 fine .
but i am certainly yet to hear of a story in which it did
with a proper plug you also patch from the inside .
even without a patch a plug will hold well enough to not cause a catastrophic failure .
at least that 's my experience as a tire worker .
some one with more experience in the field might have more insight though .
oh shit i never realised you could cut off their legs
i go on vacation to a different country every year and have had lots of sunwing vacations .
i 've never experienced a bad vacation from any of the airlines .
sunwings champagne service is a joke but it sounds good in the commercials .
you get an ounce of box champagne in a plastic cup but their vacations are still enjoyable .
also the cockpits are much much more secure these days .
after 9/11 aircraft doors became much more secure strong enough to withstand small arms fire and grenades .
this is the only response to 9/11 that has made any sense .
gap was exploited gap was identified gap was addressed and done away with .
everything else since has been one nightmare after another .
out of 3 gambit matches 2 of them i had half a team of afk macro users .
what specific type of titre de séjour do you have ?
yikes ... .it was n't anywhere near like that !
i did n't remove friends from the list they moved on since i was no longer gino good times like i was when i was single .
maybe you can relate to it phrased like this you 're out at the club getting drunk and if you 're like me you tend to get a little show-y when you drink .
well some of that attention gets spread around on the crew or it did when i was out and about .
once the showboat stopped showing the attention dried up so did the extra dick that was being tossed their way ... .so they scooted on .
i was accused of being selfish when we started dating because i was n't thinking about what my relationship did to their hookup life .
i know several folks in the last year have posted ‘what cis folk should know about transness ' and gotten some good responses .
well maybe not the greatest expert out there but i have a knowledge above the average .
i consider that the most of the contradictions are not contradictions .
the most of them are misunderstandings in the meaning .
when you read carefully you see there are not contradictions .
tell which one are you interested in and i will respond .
bruh the timed shit from this year is also 2k ooh yeah understand now haha d
i agree mostly about everything except i dont think ohm is their best album.to me fs or bssm
i do n't know why people still go to gamefaqs boards .
they 've always been a breeding ground for cynicism and completely irrational behaviour .
i ca n't see the game while reading them all .
a small thing but if i 'm a fisherman why does just whacking the water with a rod generate money ?
there is a whole separate mini game to actually get a fish which seem odd .
i just got a pop up asking do you want to try tax frauds '' with a yes or no .
there is no explanation for me to evaluate the risk and reward .
is it a 10 chance of increasing profits by 100000 50/50 chance of being caught ect .
what happens if i get caught and so on .
also do you want to try tax frauds '' is n't grammatically correct in english .
i think a better question would be do you want to cheat on your taxes ? ''
those bubbles move too quick on such a small game window
i got a window asking if i want to employ my employees illegally but i do n't appear to have any employees .
again no idea what the actual pros and cons are .
buying upgrades is a bit fiddly and the costs are way too high to the return in per second eg to buy my 3rd understanding the world of fish ... ... ... .. '' will cost 9600 and only make 5/s so it will take 1920 seconds to make a profit or a little over 30 mins .
the pelican would be nice if you could click on it for a bonus
i 'm sorry if i come across of just shitting on your shit but i hope the feedback helps .
i do n't think you 're a monster steam giveaway either .
i do n't know who told you that but they were sorely mistaken .
find someone with a lvl 50 fire hero that is n't raz or a soul weaver .
destina is n't know for her powerful attacks and sez loses cause of type disadvantage .
not at all if you remember what the offense looked like the first two games .
but i 'm not clear why/how you 're using that idiom here .
water has to include azumarill surely one of the best pvp pokemon in the game .
yeah they created plenty of weird shit for this movie mostly backwards driving cars like a renault nevada amc pacer peugeot 404 wagon etc .
you can have a look at the imcdb page for the movie .
you can see him break and smile a bit at 2:13 .
yeah you should use that usb connection to keep the receiver as close to your mouse as possible ideally 6-12inches away .
if you just plug the receiver directly into your mobo you have a larger chance of getting some interference from other nearby devices or your router .
likely you will have no issue either way but it is meant to be used .
its a sport that i enjoy in game and out of game .
unfortunately they ruin it for me by these exploits like humans ruin everything .
i honestly wish this game was more japanese as people would n't do this in their culture .
came here to say this at least i 'm not going down alone
me and a good friend i live with its an interesting way we met but thats for another time spend so much time doing the campaign on cod bo3 that we have completed it 5 times almost 6
the divide on discovery is pretty much exclusively generational .
millennials love it while everyone else hates it but then i 've noticed that that is usually the case with things that millennials love .
a character that values strength and order one who is fine with using violence and brutality to reach that goal he would fit right in with the legion .
and that 's why most disruptive companies only manage to disrupt themselves out of existence .
i really want tesla to snap out of it so they can survive
a. i just realized it could be 1 or 2 drop mechs
it 's an epic and as long as galvanizer hit two copies of each piece it works twice .
i do n't smoke weed all that much but damn those buds are gorgeous .
congratulations you must be way more skilled than i am .
i personally feel that trying it at the end of the season would put too much pressure on individual games .
i can perform very well when i do n't really feel the pressure but when i put too much importance on the outcome of the match loss of points possibly even my streak instead of just doing the best i can in the match itself i tend to start playing worse .
mario party 5 is chaos purified into board game form .
the items are random the minigames are random the boards are random and it 's just so damn fun when you 've got the right people and right mindset .
excuse me mr president your vp has just shot someone on the face ''
the planets and sectors window where you can set sectors to automate ?
this feature has been in the game for a really long time..
what 's the stuff with alyssa you are mentioning ?
i know they are a couple do n't know much about her other than she 's sings in a diff band .
no only on 1/23 it is free then for the remainder of the shut down it is 25
yep but they lose their minds the moment they hear a conservative told a few gay jokes fifteen years ago .
ik this is making fun of me but idc i chuckled .
i used to be a milsim typr but then since i play cqb a lot i wanted to be a speedsofter but i watch milsim alot too on youtube as they are cool af .
i 've never understood the point of these cinematics .
imagine being a new player watching one of these so you try out league and ur first game you get told to uninstall by a yasuo main while playing vs bots .
they actually made some pretty good stuff check out their earlier album fush yu mang .
yes sorry we plan to visit all of the museums .
create whatever content or drama on your stream just keep them out of podcast .
stop asking guild or alliance to do this or that .
guns are almost never used here and that is good .
but fuck if you are going to fire warning shots you need to follow up on that also .
i can kind of understand trying to arrest the person as peaceful as possible .
but the moment he attacks someone sitting in a car there you are putting others in danger by not jumping on him with 3 persons and beating him to the ground .
had this happened in eastern or southern europe that dude would look a lot different at the end of the video ...
pe pearl finish aluminum composite plate also known as mica lacquer is an automotive topcoat that uses mica instead of aluminum .
it is coated with mica pigment coated with titanium dioxide and iron oxide .
the color of titanium dioxide and iron oxide then undergo complex refraction and interference in the mica particles .
during high-voltage and high-frequency processing there is no danger of sparking due to electrification
insoluble in water but can be dispersed in water suitable for the processing of water-based products
high-temperature resistance up to 800 ¡ãc no spontaneous combustion no combustion support .
i ca n't really speak to that from a personal level .
my most recent black ancestors are from the 19th century so i do n't relate directly to the culture .
i would imagine that they might want to connect to an identity that extends beyond just american since there is so much historical trauma in the black american identity .
this is all pretty speculative though as i 'm not black .
then i sat down and thought about what is important to me what virtues i value etc .
it 's kind of hard to not like kindness love dignity wisdom creativity intelligence enjoyment and boobs .
i mean i bet if you sat down and thought about it you could come up with some things you could value .
if you value those things then you can make those things your purpose .
but yeah they probably tried to sell op a trial key at full price .
the problem is that the fire marshal wo n't allow them .
although the last time a student was harmed in a school fire was in the 1950 's and the last time a student was assaulted at an school was last week .
when did they claim it was to increase variety specifically ?
the motto of the change was create your own playstyle '' .
and i know i am on the minority that went deep on the old runes to check playstyles while other just went armor yellows mr blues with ad or ap '' .
i saw many playstyles people used different combinations some adc used for example as blues others used a combination of as and mr other scaling mr others even mana regen .
i myself was main adc before and i actually had around 6-7 rune pages for adcs .
i learned from lemonnation to use gold/5 yellows and played almost the same as the full gold supports during ardent meta .
as well as many different pros i also saw using their own combination of runes .
nowadays we only have the new runes that i myself still call masteries because this is what they are .
and they bring as same different playstyles as the old masteries but now we ca n't choose runes as well .
the problem was that them costing ip everyone prioritized heroes .
that way no one actually had the energy runes to test .
why would i use 3200 ip on runes to use on a single champion while i can use the same amount on runes that work on every champion or on an actual champion ?
a lot of people talked about energy runes as memes and what they even are for ? '' .
i put my bet that if they just kept old runes but made them free some random player would find a viable build with energy runes or any other rune just like lemonnation used gold/5 runes for passive supports and also other players used mana blues with blitz others used gold quints and etc ...
edit besides the create your own gameplay '' they also mentioned seeing a lot of diversity in picks and strategies and being happy with it https nexus.leagueoflegends.com/en-au/2018/01/dev-update-on-runes-reforged
co-existence will never happen so long as the imperium just keeps killing xenos scum
to isté som spravil aj ja len som to nedal na redit lebo bii duklock dal ban 🤣🤣🤣🤣
i was using a usb drive for the recovery disk .
i booted the chromebook into recovery mode and it recognized the disk right away .
the problem is that the chromebook freezes during the recovery process and reboots back to the missing chrome os '' screen even with the drive removed .
it just did n't click the first couple times and i quit early
i used to break up couples for the fun of it .
ok that 's actually better than the original one .
where are you getting that information because that 's not what the rest of these comments are saying happened .
but if you were just being silly to prove a point then that 's still not a good reason .
that 's what police and the like are for .
the man calmly sitting in his car recording is not an immediate threat .
furthermore if someone killed my pet my response would not be get outta here ! it would be you sick crazy redacted what is wrong with you !
dagens arkitektur liknar ju också ofta ett korrugerat plåtskjul i jamaica .
i quit overwatch and switched to paladins shortly after bridget came out .
my moba addiction went from league of legends to overwatch to paladins .
which means we get an unlimited amount of play styles and strategies .
while every tracer in overwatch pretty much plays the same .
sniping is much better in paladins as well as assassins .
the maps have better areas for snipers to perch and assassins to hide .
i like adapting to the opponent through buying items instead of the character switching roulette you get in overwatch .
there are a lot of paladins characters that i really love the personalities of .
now would be a good time for someone to create a crypto powered game store that is not bound by rules
because my good morning '' text came off as too pushy '' .
could this maths power be applied to sucking tilly out an airlock ?
depends the sort of tone you 're going for .
most of the time i 'd recommend amp distortion with an overdrive in front of it .
however if it 's distortion pedal in to a clean amp i 've got surprisingly good tones out of a tc electronic fangs pedal .
it 's cheap as f k but sounds pretty killer with some tweaking and always have it as a backup incase i run in to any problems
about the best way to get her was to hold her in our arms and keep petting while someone took pics from afar .
bruh that song took me so long to learn at full speed .
the fingering was really different than most stuff i was used to at the time .
that intro section is a beast but you 'll get it with time .
just have to keep practicing with a metronome and be patient .
once you get that opening section cleanly the rest is n't so bad .
just curious ... why do you want to join that club specifically ?
edit that 's not a knock on gs they 're good people !
if you already have experience riding in groups and have a cycling bc membership you can just show up http www.glotmansimpsoncycling.ca/drop-in-policy to one of the saturday rides introduce yourself and talk to someone about joining .
yikes but we 've already been calling him a trap for the past couple years .
is there any more evidence to help back up this ?
i 'm not saying i do n't believe you it 's just it 'll be pretty wild trying to change what felix has already become
pro life is a difference in opinion not an abomination .
you can disagree with them but you laying it out like its a basic human right .
it is still up for debate on what the moral implications are when there is something inside a pregnant woman that is not of her dna
me an intelectual 6 years ago when i was 8
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/aijy31/americans_quick_question_are_all_motel_workers .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
when you meet sofia smile and say you 're not interested and walk the fuck away .
i want to see what/if direction they 'll go regarding jasper and lapis they certainly have some unresolved issues .
well african countries are shitholes but he did n't say just african countries .
before the fix you could literally spam your entire super bar trying to just catch somebody .
and on the off chance you did get in range you could swing at them 5 times without a single hit registering .
it 's mostly connection based which is why it affects all melee supers equally despite everyone thinking sentinel somehow has it worse .
at those times you kinda always trusted the other person .
i 'm glad it 's not like that anymore .
this whole poll is daft and anyone who gives it the time of day should feel daft .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has been posted recently by another user
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
the soft cap grind is n't too bad but going beyond softcap is such a boring slog .
especially makes enhancing a lot less fun when you blow up a month of work in 30 mins with nothing in return .
if i remember correctly in the early 2000s he got moved from the afternoon show to mornings on nrk .
one day they kept playing a taliban behedding video over and over and making jokes until the manager came in on air and fired them .
nrk then did n't have any on-air talent for months .
this was mid high school for me then a couple years later in college i heard he was doing a show on ufo that was pretty tame and straightforward probably heavily supervised .
a few years after that ufo shut down and i do n't know why .
multiple writers who cover the team have talked about it
thank you so much im sure ill keep this in mind next time .
well a while back the ou was having an issue with bugs not your normal roaches but the big magical ones right ?
well skraacha was n't known for its use of riggers in the security force so it brought me on to help coordinate defenses when the defenders were either sleeping or drinking .
they kept trying to boss me around like i was enlisted meanwhile i 'm trying to get my day job done .
i eventually had to tell them to stuff it after teaching one guy how to use the rcc i built as a replacement to turn the autosofts on . ''
and when i first think of something i ca n't stop i 've been trying to quit thinking because i have already thought about it in my head but my brain still wants to talk about it
i checked and it 's deff just a physical exfoliant .
i think the op of that comment just confused the terms of the products
i wish i could be as pretty as you .
i 've read johns before now i 'm going back to read waids
there are so many options online but not many with reviews so i figured it would be worth asking here before i drop a few hundred .
our forecast office relies heavily on uk/gfs/ifs ec global ensemble/deterministic though almost always we disregard gfs as it 's incorrect more often than not in our part of the globe .
it 's important to analyse accuracy at initial time steps to find preferred model of the day .
just be like hey so i do n't think we are as compatible as i thought we were and i would n't like to continue our relationship any further
i 'm well aware of ndgo but paying 5000 is n't really winning a contest
also the original post was made on the 13th of november 2013 https twitter.com/montyoum/status/406894139746172928 .
those would be exactly my picks but i would also add scorpion and maybe taven .
as a person with no pets kids that nearly never cooks and mostly drinks water my floor needs to be mopped/vacuumed every 3-4 days .
you know how some people leave rose petals from the hallway to the bedroom for a romantic night ?
my bf leaves a trail of breadcrumbs and jam drops from the fridge to the toaster so i 'll always know he ate well
she definitely is and the black lynx is easily the best skin in the game imo .
i 'm just saying the skin deserved to be a tier 100
most people only read headlines thank you for watching it !
i feel you it does n't make sense anymore and then the smallest tasks become hard and it 's too overwhelming .
it 'll feel better soon once you get the hang of it !
i 've been using blender 3d professionally for four years .
i 've supplemented it in high-poly/high-fidelity 3d work with zbrush but if you 're just looking to create low-poly characters you can use blender 's sculpt mode '' to refine your blocky meshes a bit if you 'd like .
but long story short blender 3d is the way to go for free 3d software .
it 's somewhere in the top 100 along with it 's ok to be white '' but it 's definitely below this recent scandal kavanaugh or the rolling stone rape article .
with respect to the many denominations one reason that 's true is because christianity is not a monolith .
protestants at least do not have a single ruling body or individual so nobody makes the rules '' for everyone .
for myself i have been a member of many churches in many places over the years one feature of military life so i 've had the opportunity to experience many different teachings .
in the end however i rely on my own reading of the bible to evaluate all of them .
i try to read all the way through it every few years .
one thing i have found in my reading is that there are some ideas that are expressed very consistently throughout the bible and leave little room for creative interpretation if we are honest .
others are put forth more fleetingly and perhaps can be interpreted .
in my reading i look first to see what the text plainly says .
i then see what other parts of the bible speak to the same idea and see if there is correlation .
often times the correlation of the idea builds into a larger theme to the extent that the idea is inescapable .
to use the terms intelligence analysts use i might say that i conclude that doctrines are biblical at varying degrees of confidence '' .
for example i conclude with low-to-moderate confidence that early baptisms were conducted in a certain way .
i my confidence is n't very high because i find that if i change certain assumptions i can support alternate interpretations that also seem reasonable to me based on the scripture .
the bible is unrelenting in its central tenets for example that jesus ' death on the cross was a historical fact that it was effective in saving god 's people from their sins and that he then rose from the dead to break death 's power over humankind ... these are clearly central themes of scripture .
i believe they are faithful interpretations of the bible with extremely high confidence .
when it comes to the issue of gender and sexuality very few serious christians that i know place much importance on the story of sodom as conclusive .
it is a historical story out of which one might take several lessons .
the bible speaks much more plainly about sexuality in other places but these places are many and consistent .
that god clearly created us in two beautifully complementary genders from the beginning is clear consistent and repeated throughout scripture in a variety of ways .
add to this that homosexuality is consistently spoken of as a perversion of god 's design not just in exodus and leviticus but also in the new testament romans and 1 timothy for example and you have an inescapably clear teaching .
as to the question of promotion it has not been my experience that promotion boards look with any particular favor on people who attend church .
making it up to lt col tends to be something that most people can accomplish as long as they follow a suitable career path ... that is check the required boxes '' so to speak .
making colonel is rather more difficult very few officers ever become generals .
i ca n't remember ever attending church with any of my supervisors throughout my career and i do n't think many of them actually went to church at all .
in fact my christianity may have represented more of a risk than a reward in my career though i ca n't think of any time it was used against me openly except for the one example i gave initially from when i was an e-5 .
i realize much of what i have said above is probably not welcome but i 'm trying to shoot you straight .
it 's an ama so i want to keep it real .
you 'll of course have to change the routes etc .
one thing to keep in mind though is that the ipsla here really is only concerned with getting pings back .
if you want to actively use all three isps you 'll probably want a different config .
seems like it should work not sure how it handles one of the upstreams going down .
probably good but you 'll likely want to do some testing .
because if you induce vomitting you force it through your throat again .
then it gets a second chance at attacking all the sensitive things there .
the digestive system is much more capable of dealing with acids etc .
depending on what is in your cleaner your stomach can actually handle it
i have n't heard yet but it ca n't be that bad as people been saying .
we do n't know what 's going on behind the scenes so we 'll just have to keep on assuming
true but they need to make skins that deserve money because you ca n't unlock them by leveling up champions .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/aixp7z/warmest_coat_you_have_ever_owned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i assume it 's because they have to load and keep track of 4 characters instead of 2 which i assume takes almost twice the memory .
though i never really understood what it is about fighting games and their textures weighting so much when all they do is literally render two active characters on the screen in a relatively small stage .
this is all super helpful i actually found your blog about a week ago and bookmarked it to read !
no fuck this i checked the sub this time .
i scrolled for like 3 minutes and did n't see shit so my answer is not enough ''
i dropped my first ever hatr tonight i went off in a kill confirmed on redwood snow feels good when you can see your improvement
this is the reason why i asked the question really i 've read posts on here where they mention that there are inconsistencies in the parents stories but i do n't know what these inconsistencies are .
you are not forbidden to but yoy can play it on your own server only .
oh and they even will give you content upgrade for free because dedicated fans will support game development via new character purchases for you .
i think they 're just trying to justify being a john .
unfortunately your submission people hated me because i spoke the truth has been removed for the following reason s
rule xiii no posts where the title is the meme caption .
please put the caption of the meme in the meme not in the submission title .
basically if the image makes sense to us by itself it 's fine .
if the image requires the submission title for it to make sense we remove it .
if you have any questions about this removal please message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdankmemes subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/dankmemes/comments/aiwdzv .
0d 0di 've read the rules in the sidebar .
resubmitting a removed post without prior moderator approval can result in a ban .
i see no problem in the idea to give extreme players extreme bosses .
it can even have rewards that are not extrem .
as long as the relevant rewards like limited gear ans such is available fron easier difficulty .
in this age of the cookie dying piggybacking a floodlight is not the way forward .
you are better off trying to get your pixel direct to site even though it is a much longer process .
learnt fortran this year a common joke among my colleagues whilst coding is for them to quietly mutter 'end do end if ... end me ' .
at times it can be a very annoying language it needs everythings type spelled out before it can even start !
sweaters might be cute but ur cock is perfect ! !
she can give us good feeds on friday when she 's still here .
there was also the singer singing two kingdom hearts songs in vr was that exclusive to japan ?
everyone else understood it but you shit it was even explained https www.reddit.com/r/instantkarma/comments/ai8oci/every_day_this_car_drives_on_the_curb_to_avoid/een8n8x by another guy in this same chain already .
navi is much cheaper to make but it is more expensive than polaris about 50 higher bom if my estimates are accurate .
the available bandwidth for once should be sufficient so we keep the scaling of radeon vii as a baseline .
add in a few other enhancements and you have a chance of hitting 15 over a reference vega 64 at a low cost .
navi only needs to be 8 better per cu than vega ... but vega already does worse than polaris per cu so that 's almost a freebie .
yeah that 's not right if you do it wrong .
i do all the dishes until randomly my housemate decides to wake up and clean everything in sight every 4-5 months .
i then have to re wash every fucking dish because he thinks it 's fine to just put the pan full of solidified grease into the same sink full of water he uses to wash everything .
which just coats everything in a layer of grease then puts them all away so everything that contacts them also needs to be washed .
when confronted with this he responds with a little grease never hurt anyone . ''
fucking do things right or do n't do it at all you just make more work for me later .
granted this might not hold true if you 're trying to sleep with someone but if you 're not see above .
ska du ha en enkel funktion i den här produkten ?
det blir 20 msek och testa får ni göra själv
you 're already better than 95 of people simply by taking the chance and posting your work .
great ingredients plating re-work like you discussed will do wonders for ya .
play with set up in a large shallow bowl if you have anything like that with the potatoes on base followed with mushrooms and seared salmon on top like a big dog .
buerre blanc around base ... . makes the salmon center of everything ...
also educate your servers hard about the seared skin so they will sell your idea .
they can make or break a special like this .
feed dump is one of their other shows so it kind of makes sense xd
i had some tactile sensory issues as a kid and hated layers so much i could barely wear a cardigan over a thin t-shirt imagine trying to shove me into a corset at that age !
i can see how some kids would find them incredibly uncomfortable .
as for adults a well-made and well-fitted corset of the correct shape should be comfortable barring any mental or physical ailments .
but they either were n't aware of this at the time or did n't care much .
corset shapes were based on what was currently in vogue rather than what would fit an individual woman 's body .
conical corsets can be extremely uncomfortable if you have a broad ribcage for example yet all women were expected to wear them for a period of time .
this probably contributed to the mixed reports about how un/comfortable corsets were even among adult women .
for a modern parallel we can read the thousands of posts online today about how painful and uncomfortable bras can be .
most women have no idea how to choose the correct shape and size bra or where to shop from they just grab one that seems to kind of fit because they were told during puberty they had to wear one from now on .
just b/c something can be comfortable on most people does n't mean we should pressure everyone into wearing it of course .
i would never want to go back to an era where this level of restriction is a social requirement .
even bras are a bit much when you really think about it .
considering student debt is growing ever greater than ever you 'd think people would invest less in a degree in polici ...
someone who 's gon na be financially irresponsible with their last 1k is probably going to blow it one way or another
someone who punts away hundred of k 's in business probably would n't give a shit and most rich gamblers stay rich not with a poor bankroll gambling budget .
people who participate in forwarding reddit 's narratives and agendas ?
that looks like it might be a food mart .
it 's just the show mentions that congress white house and court were killed so i would n't be surprised if maybe there was one survivor and that survivor became president and created gilead .
not every senator or rep or cabinet member attends every session .
i mean during the kavanaugh vote they even said that one senator could n't make it because he was walking his daughter down the aisle so maybe it was similar circumstances .
like oh senator is busy so he could n't come today !
oh no ! i would think they 'd be a member of the supreme court since they 're supposed to know the constitution inside and out so the person in charge can easily suspend the constitution on this and this principle .
hey everybody blames marilyn manson for columbine but the truth is that the kids hated his music so i would n't be surprised if maybe gilead 's creators hated pence because maybe he did n't conform to the standards they wanted or disagreed with him too much .
i always view the sons of jacob as a political group like an alt right tea party or green party like a small minority nobody noticed but still existed or this worlds scientology so i would n't be surprised if perhaps if pence existed in that world they disliked him or viewed him a suppressive person .
that 's so difficult ... especially if you love someone and you really want to get help getting unstuck .
i would say try and work that nhs system and think about your own struggle with depression ... it 's so hard to get yourself motivated to do stuff exercise eating right etc .
and trying to get someone else to do it who is really not interested ! ? ! ?
i wish a pair of running shoes and ten push-ups every morning would help you here but i think it 's more complicated than that ...
honestly if i am depressed hobbies just bug me .
do n't worry if you ca n't take up knitting at this time .
i feel like walking is pretty much the only thing that can help shift me ... and that depends on where you live and the weather .
let children interpret this in class instead of books they 're not gon na read anyways
i find lying on a bath towel in bed makes me a lot more comfortable and at least when i have a drenching sweat i only have to change a damp towel instead of the sheets hope this helps .
had a dream that my sister was missing for three days .
if excess weight was n't a problem on your joints or organs then this could be true .
yea it is people who do n't like guest characters tare a loud minority who ca n't grasp the idea that a game with jason vorhees and the predator is automatically a better game that would have fujin and fuckin reiko .
guest characters are cool i 'm just saying some whiners really suck .
it 's busline 320 a connexxion bus i know its confusing .
it does look like it is covered by the amsterdam region ticket https www.iamsterdam.com/en/plan-your-trip/getting-around/public-transport/amsterdam-region-travel-ticket .
look at the lila coloured track on the right of the map
so if you have the regional one it looks like it is covered .
natalie i just think you and her are like oil and vinegar .
if he did n't want to participate he should have either rejected the invite or spoken to you before hand and come to an agreement maybe to come after the haggadah instead but he did n't .
why did he agree to go if it was against his beliefs to participate ?
also as you pointed out other people of different religions also participated .
i find it childish and rude that he 's planning to attend and not read rather than not go .
sure maybe the first time he did n't realize that passover dinner carries actual religious significance and is n't just a fancy dinner with a religious title .
he knows now and in planning to do so again is being disrespectful .
maybe this passover suggest he comes after the haggadah ?
i am probably a bit biased since i 'm jewish but passover is n't a holiday you just sit on the sidelines for .
it 's about coming together and celebrating each other and everything .
him not participating feels to me like him not wanting to be part of the family .
i have two dash charge plugs with au plug arrangement .
it 's exactly the same tech apparently i read on an oppo forum ... it works perfectly and sits in the plug much better than the foreign adapter shite that the phones ship with .
i feel joy each time i charge my phone no kidding !
here it is with samsung adaptor for scale https i.imgur.com/y9lalwq.jpg
the specs of the oppo match the op https i.imgur.com/cgpztlk.jpg
https rover.ebay.com/rover/0/0/0 ? mpre=https 3a 2f 2fwww.ebay.com.au 2fulk 2fitm 2f253226813331
then i bought another for my gf 's op3 .
i also bought the 1.5m flat ribbon cable from oppomart and that is really nice works a treat and frees up a red cable for the car .
you mean the plane crash where there are survivors still playing football ?
if you 'd cut your nose off to spite your face like that go to the middle/right over a thing like that i 'm sorry to say that you were never really with sanders politics only flirting with them .
it 's just another hey look how much white people suck thing
if we end up with 8 years of trump .
literally bought the handsome collection last week and im on my first playthrough of borderlands 2 .
i picked gage because she can summon a robot .
it would be nice to know what you think about the phone once you have tried it a bit
sometimes i genuinely have nothing to say to people because i did n't ask them about whatever they 're talking about in the first place .
it comes to that gap of silence and i start thinking alright perfect time to abort '' and the great majority of the time they take the opportunity to keep me further informed on the happenings of their cat or trips to the grocery store .
javvy is really disrupting the crypto industry at the moment i love this ️ .
when you use javvy wallet you enjoy a much faster and simple registration process while you get to buy and sell from your wallet too been reading their whitepaper and discovered lots of informations you 'll rather not seen anywhere else .
i lol 'd but also was sad because a lot of people think this way .
i 'm passionate about my free time my friends and my family .
i really do n't care about moving up the ladder . ''
i just want to be comfortable and have time to live my life and enjoy the people in it but some people act like it 's a crime if you do n't want to grow your career or make tons of money or work 60 hours a week or whatever .
it seems like people used to treat a job as just a way to live a means to an end .
but now it 's like if you are n't relentlessly pursuing your calling '' you 're somehow failing or not living your best life . ''
if i want to work a simple office job or service industry job or whatever you consider lower '' please and thank you just let me live my damn life .
i just purchased it and went through no word from the seller yet though .
is it better to preorder and wait for shipment or cancel and wait until mid february to purchase ?
i recall that zimbabwe is infamous for its nearly valueless currency !
you need to take barrels of bills to the grocery store if you want to pay cash !
in vietnam i was telling my friends jokingly look i 'm a millionaire '' after exchanging about 40 usd .
' while everyone accepted my vnd they were clearly much happier to accept my usd .
a great deal of overweight people have metabolic disorders insulin resistance etc .
that keep them overweight even when they eat extremely healthy and limit calories .
most people in the uk want a deal we 're just not willing to sign away our sovereignty to get it .
i 've noticed a lot of teachers will ask the inverse of what they really want to know .
for example who is finished copying the board ? ''
they would want to know who has n't finished yet .
this is just an example but i hear it all the time .
sometimes they will correct themselves but it 's rare .
look at the budget of ontario ... and tell me who gets the most subsidies .
people do n't have to not talk about 20 year old movies on the off chance someone around them has n't see it .
just being disconnected and to find out if friends were around you called or showed up at the door and say hey is so and so home and can they come out to play ?
no because hp loss demerits do n't count as debuffs .
same reason you ca n't block both shiki 's np/hp loss with debuff immunity .
sometimes i wonder why 05-1 wo n't let us bury you in a hole 15 kilometers from the surface dr .
depends who is in the call but we mostly speak english
you conflate outlawing abortion with making organ donation mandatory obviously thinking that pro-lifers can not draw a distinction between them and that if they want one the second inevitably follows .
this is wrong because we can distinguish between basic and extraordinary care .
basic care is always obligated extraordinary care is not .
a mother with no option to feed her baby apart from her breastmilk can be compelled by law to breastfeed even if she does not wish to .
failing to do so to the point of harming a child can be prosecuted as neglect .
we can not compel her to donate a kidney though since that would be a direct attack on her bodily autonomy whereas preventing her from getting an abortion is preventing her from directly attacking the right to life of her child .
yes but he spent real actual money on jimmy graham last year so ... ..
life per hit is a primary attribute life per kill is a secondary attribute .
there are more good primary attributes you would rather want than life per hit on amulets thats usually crit chance crit damage and either 20 element damage or 8 cooldown reduction depending on build .
for secondary attributes you usually want physical resistance or another kind of resistance or 7 reduced damage from meele/ranged attacks .
life after each kill is n't useless but it is n't very valuable either .
you can get life per hit on gloves rings amulet helm bracers and weapon .
gloves rings and amulet can have super valuable affixes like crit chance crit damage attack speed cooldown reduction area damage resource cost reduction and for amulets also element damage .
you would n't want to sacrifice these for life per hit .
helmet can give other desirable affixes such as crit chance skill damage mainstat vitality life which is n't worth sacrificing for life per hit helms gloves and weapons also give up to 1000 mainstat and vitality
where you do want life per hit is one weapon if you 're not using two-handed weapon and sometimes also on bracers .
in builds with high attackspeed life per hit may be the primary tool for surviving .
unless you are using a build where life after each kill boosts an ability e.g .
certain healing abilities or dh passive leech '' you do n't need life after each kill .
if you think about it like this when you fight enemies you hit them many times resulting in a lot of healing with life per hit when you kill enemies you only get healed once by life per kill .
also healing is more needed when you fight enemies than when they have already died .
yeah i 'm trying to get into meal prepping to save money .
plus since i 'm overnight i ca n't leave my work really because one who 's open at 2am and two i 'm the only overnight manager .
so really i wanted some healthier/better food than frozen pizzas or little dinners .
i 've made a roast in it and that 's about it .
i mean it 's a nice pot because it is also a steamer and pressure cooker but i just do n't have any good recipes to try out .
ai after like 2 rounds it gets old as fuck .
it 's an evolution of lolsorandom '' humour for early internet days
thanks for the info it 's information i would never have invested time to discover .
simply speaking many chinese muslims fled china for indonesia during the rise of maoist policies .
perhaps they 're reformed '' or ethnically muslim only and non-practicing '' .
87.2 of the country is muslim so it 's interesting to see how the minority groups live .
yeah when i was stuck in bed sick last week when all my other supplies of water were running out i started filling bottles with tap water .
the tap water was coming out of the tap white .
i called for help to get more bottled drinks .
did n't have enough time to fix the wall before i took the photo sorry lads
i did n't see the chips at first but it 's at the bottom .
first of all it 's an enlistment not a contract but anyways you 're gon na have plenty of time to save up .
you 'll have a meal card so you wo n't need to spend much on food .
should be able to get yourself a nice rig after a 4-6 year enlistment .
how much viagra did she take to grow that beard ?
u/shittymorph is a user who 's famous for ending his comments on posts no matter the topic with some variation of the phrase in nineteen ninety eight when the undertaker threw mankind off hеll in a cell and plummeted sixteen feet through an announcer 's table . ''
this is the piotr czarnecki ... i ca n't remember how it 's spelled one right ?
you know i watched this episode again after reading the amelia theory and i have to say when you pay attention to her tone and delivery it really does seem like she is sadistic on the inside .
she is intelligent and beautiful everything you dont expect in a villain .
still possibly a giant red herring but there are so many hints here that she is involved .
maybe not the actual killer but she was atleast apart of the abduction which was well intentioned at 1st .
climate change is not real guys ! ! ! !
unfortunately your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
title tags are a bit of bracketed text that need to be included in your post title .
please re-submit your post and add one of the following title tags theory practice building technical news misc or ask .
for more on our switch to title tags please see our announcement .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/architecture if you have any questions or concerns .
man i feel bad ... you can barely form sentences ... that 's late stage brain worms
if they got married in the last 5 years there 's a 90 chance they use a picture of them in a wedding dress .
but with the courts being able to function only till the 31st and opening the government seems unlikely until then arguments are n't going to happen very soon .
and given that supreme court makes rulings very slowly the ban is going to take place for months .
it should n't even be a question to ponder upon imo .
the court should 've done the same thing here what they did with daca .
i get that adjudicating happens on every matter in the high court but this should n't be recognizing transgenders is n't a partisan/ideology issue .
this is merely a petty repost of one of my favourite comics of mine .
and i say petty because i 've been longing for the last two years for sweden to burn the damn goat again and repost on the relevant day and they have n't delivered so far .
so here 's a small reminder of all their failures .
anyway this whole comic is based on the true and tragic story of the gävlebocken a gigantic straw goat that gets rebuilt every year just to be vandalised and torched by a town presumably full of arsonists .
yes that is possible but if the architects behind the station are masons i don´t think it is a coincidence .
i 'm sorry i 'm a little snoopy but i looked through your post history and i suggest you do n't post the photos of people from their facebook on to reddit with out proper consent .
technically it 's their intellectual property and you can definitely end up in a court room especially since you are posting on some subs making fun of them .
go down to rashid hospital 's education department and ask them about doing an observership .
you 'll have to pay around aed 60 or more for doing it .
of course i started it up and even let out a little groan when it failed to connect to ea servers .
absolutely no idea why i even had a faint hope it would work !
it does more damage but you ca n't control when the bug is going to happen .
it got me killed more often than when i play with heavy .
yes the damage is less by a small margin but it 's more consistent and suits my way of playing .
god help the next person to walk by with some chips ...
i agree with the other post pull the snare basket out of the base and use a multi clamp like this
but i still think it would be off balance for a regular sized snare .
i do n't know if there is any hardware specifically for doing this that might work better .
if ufind a mom that sells them you should be in a good way .
i 'm thinking about replacing kaya 's wrath with cleansing nova in my build or at least a few of them .
sure it costs one mana more but also being able to hit enchantments is definitely nice and the life gain on kaya 's is irrelevant in this deck .
i start in your pussy and finish in your ass .
well there was a police investigation that lasted months and found no evidence .
so no evidence coupled with her history of lying drug abuse and proof she was n't scared '' after sending text messages bragging about sleeping with enzo which did not line up with her statement that she was fearful and escaped the room .
you say he 's lying about not knowing but where 's your proof he 's lying ?
you 're accusing him of something you just think he is lying about .
and lying to your employer if he did about being accused of something you claim you did n't do is n't far fetched .
when you are in the public eye just an accusation can ruin your life .
if you 're accused of rape you will be a rapist for the rest of your life .
these are facts i was just trying to provide an example that the br genre is n't defined by inventory management .
the tough reality is that i want to look as hot as possible to my boyfriend and i want people to think i 'm a very attractive woman '' because attractive women have ridiculous value in our society and i 've had many awful experiences in my life which have reinforced this
funny thing is that imo there 's nothing wrong in admitting that .
it 's a true statement that everyone likes to hide .
i do it for myself and not for others '' are one of the most false statements everyone pretends to believe .
i 'd rather see tormund with a bear looking at brienne
same that 's why i hate twitter and fb account linking stuff .
is n't it somewhat ironic that this got voted to the front page while it 's essentially low-level whine about being unpopular and not getting karma ?
pro tip you can type any random phrase into urban dictionary and you 'll learn about an exotic sexual activity that you 'll either want to try or wish you did n't know existed .
if you had a problem or something talk to your boss .
rarely is any kind of revenge going to give anyone anything .
yo how was that not an illegal screen in the paint ?
steven jackson that is a name i 've not heard for a long time .
i dunno why someone downvote you for that but nvidia 's driver is lacking a lot of features which comes to mind especially now that they actually enabled their gtx10 and rtx20 cards to use freesync .
still have the gtx1070 in use for my main pc plan to switch to either the vega56 or navi at some point but it 's useless for vrr with that nice new screen that i bought recently as i still stuck on 60hz under linux .
jared keeso did the body in season one and maybe season two .
then maybe you do n't cancel the system that is in place at the last minute ?
heck he could have allowed it to roll out and then pushed his system in parallel with no issue .
a move that has little to no risk and high reward for example warden sb can be delayed so that 's a 50/50 she can also faint into gb so another 50/50 on your side if you get hit she gets a top heavy and can just repeat the same thing then you have conq bash which is if you are close to him is unreactable and if he 's away he can delay or just gb you which gets him either a light or a heavy no risk he can then repeat by chain then there is orochi which has fast lights and unreactable zone also he can back dodge top heavy which there is no risk since he can faint berserker can faint his heavy into light it 's a 50/50 and one afther another you ca n't gb or poke him so thats most of your deffence gone then there is shinobi which this requiers some skill so it 's not as cheap but still bs he can if he knows how get a faster but riskyer warden situation then there is shaman with zone soft faint into bleed also all the moves that do n't attack you '' so you ca n't block like raider shugo shaman lb this is only used in dominion do you get the idea now ?
at this point it 's weird if you do n't bang horses
you might need an alternative for python 3 such as pyserial look on pypi .
okay guys if de jong chooses barca i think psg should look towards one midfielder who 's right under our noses has proven how good he is against big teams is technical strong and has stamina .
the thought of giving aulas the price he asks makes me shiver but it 's worth it .
ndombele has proven how good he is he 's young and has so much potential .
it would be a waste to see him leave to go to the bpl .
the guy designed that function to be an asshole but it 's funny as well
how many of you guys are still upset about miles jack was n't down ?
i think mick added guitars after some time in the music making process
not too worried about a windows virus trying to mess with my shit .
i did n't even bother going to the ceremony .
i took a break half way through my degree so most people i knew had already graduated
coincidental reply and they do seem alike do n't they ?
no he was absolutely spot on for criticising them .
the idea that men should be patronised by being described as sad boys '' for opening up emotionally is a toxic outdated and in fact given male suicide rates a harmful idea .
capisce '' is correct as well if you are using the formal you '' .
if you can figure out cheap car insurance here would you let all of the rest of us know about it ?
looks like you just placed a table near a door just to post something on here .
i recently played the metro games and fell in love .
i 'm even tempted to read the books and i hate books .
i hope this will be the next witcher 3 when it comes to success .
real lpt hospitals treat you and get you out as quickly as they can .
do n't expect any patient to be there long enough to sleep let alone overnight unless they admit you for something serious which is less likely than many think .
even if you are actively ill vomiting in agonizing pain and too weak or unwell to walk let alone care for your sick self at home afterwards expect to be wheelchaired to the exit and dumped there as soon as the hospital is willing to bet you 'll live out at least the night once they walk away and leave you alone outside in winter possibly incapacitated and likely suffering and for all they know or care without any way to get home .
whatever high healthcare standards you hope to encounter when you need care in the us picture your hospital is inside a time bubble and that your hospital actually exists in the dark ages .
this should help to adjust your expectations to be more like what you would actually encounter if you go to the hospital or take someone there .
i have chronic illness so unfortunately i 've gotten to be all too familiar with the hospital patient experience .
the too specific bits toward the end of the first paragraph were part of my most recent experience a few days ago .
one time i came across a player who did n't know what they were doing not this bad but when he was on my team i tried to stick with him
we have a black kitty and when she 's had enough pets you bleed .
do you want be be a part-time full-time landlord ?
buying renovating and renting properties can be very stressful very time consuming and can end up being loss making .
you have as much rights as he does when releasing the bond .
if you do n't want to sign an amended bond disposal form contact the whichever agency holds the bond for you and escalate accordingly .
you should have received confirmation of accepted bond at the start of your lease that would have you id number on it for reference .
i gave an old gatorade bottle i use for color changes filling the cup and pouring out then spraying out till clear for color changes but tbh i have to disassemble and clean probably every time i use it .
that being said after three years i can disassemble clean ultrasonic cleaner reassemble in less than five minutes and that 's ring really slow .
if i were in a rush i could just clean the tip ... ..but i 'd be asking for issues later .
when spraying gw or vallejo acrylic i will use simple green for a quick fill the pot and blast '' clean be sure to rinse .
can not remember how sg works with tamiya though i think that combo might gum up .
get into the habit of being able and ready to quickly disassemble clean and reassemble your airbrush .
you would n't paint with dirty water and a crusted paint brush wo n't give you a good point .
in a similar way 99 of your airbrush problems are cleaning problems .
can play with either foot the left wing is his preferred position .
they weren't even using all of their power ! .
unfortunately your submission has been removed because it appears that it 's breaking rule 4 or 5 .
rule 4 no tech support questions or will my computer run this game ?
rule 5 no questions about buying or building computers and/or buying parts peripherals chairs and tables
these subreddits may be better suited for your post r/buildapc r/buildapcforme or r/suggestalaptop .
if you have a tech support question post in the stickied tech support thread .
if you believe this to be an error use the link below .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pcgaming if you have any questions or concerns .
if you decide to do 1:1 on 5.56 i have a lot of normal and ultracite
ocarina of time seems like a decent game world to live in .
the world was n't completely ruined it was more just hyrule castle/town and everyone else kept right on truckin ' .
majora 's mask seems like a nightmare though ... groundhog day but you get killed by skull kid/the moon 999999/1000000 .
do you also have the same opinion on referendums in ireland when they allowed gay marriage ?
the fact that a minority 's rights were at the mercy of the majority who could n't fully understand the struggles of that minority was awful .
i understand the way irish constitution is handled meant it was a necessity but that does n't change the fact that its awful that the question of should gay people have the same rights as straight people '' even had to be asked .
not a real sin but when i look at my box now i kinda regret dming vero and sig .
sure they helped me big time especially since there was n't many other opportunities at the time but boy if i could take them back now
her terrorgheist buff and the vargulf buff were her unique elite battle skills '' .
on top of that she has the extra buffs based on the tww2 's ones .
hahaha women see things listen voices baby relates to them this is a reality ...
they wlll put it in calais though and push the irish under a bus
that way you still have some left over for unexpected costs .
look for 2001 and newer what with crumple zones airbags and euro4 emissions .
do n't be picky on colors and options but be very picky on regular maintenance !
overall looks also tell you something about how it was maintained scratches inside and out for example or different brands of cheap tyres etc ... .
to give you a general idea of the costs involved i 'm posting expenses on my reliable piece of shit '' also with 20000 km/year
i 'm driving for two years and it has cost me €268 up til now .
that allows me to save more or spend more money on things i actually care about .
those anc guys at the top do n't like poor people
yep last winter i regularly took out my cross country skiing when walking my dog
no as you are then more voting against something not for something .
hi there yes it looks like dyshydrotic eczema where these cyst filled things called pompholyx appears .
hand sanatizer does n't cause mine but stress and hormones do..
what did help was to cover the tip of my fingers at night so i do n't scratch the crap out of my hands in my sleep .
mine started at around 19 and flared up dramatically when i was 22 i have gotten it under control with stress management..
the smaller squads thing could be done pretty easily with a coordinated team just make squads and lock the when they get to six players .
unless you have access to dvds or legit digital copies from places like itunes not pirated stuff i think its worth it .
they have the shows i want and where i live the only other legit streaming site is animelab and we get almost no dvds and the ones we get are usually the english dubs only and heavily edited .
am i the only one who gives a fuck about black ?
i kind of need him to get the rr challenge done xd
some of these are endangered that looks like an aussie native to me
your content was removed due to a text limit we currently have to reduce spam .
consider posting in the daily lakers discussion thread or game threads if available .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lakers if you have any questions or concerns .
all free quest nodes after shinjuku 2 appears should be removed from this list unless they have a better drop rate .
taking destiny 1 and 2 as a good example .
these games sucked out of the box then became good later on with dlc so holding off and buying them later was the right choice .
im hoping i have now finally learned my lesson .
i have not pre-ordered anthem but i really want to get it .
self control this time means i will wait for reviews etc .
this plus i already pre-ordered new dawn and will be too busy with that anyway .
i love that i knew exactly what that was before i clicked it .
from the dota 2 wiki puck was introduced in version 6.48 as a result of a hero creation contest held on the dota-allstars forum in which players designed a new hero to suit the faerie dragon model from warcraft iii .
this makes puck the first and only hero created by the community . ''
there is going to be the fire king in the middle 😏
yooooooo that orisa skin though it fits my theme of only picking white skins too .
i see on wikipedia that corporal punishment of children is legal in australia provided that it is reasonable '' .
i 'm not sure what the standards of reasonableness are .
either way probably the main things you could do is call the police and the department for child protection .
you might also want to contact any child abuse support organization that might exist i do n't know what those would be in australia .
even if they do n't think the headlock is physical abuse they might think depriving you of mental health care is another kind of abuse and help you .
the fact that a team can win without the other team getting a shot is ridiculous .
why were you working security for a place that 's been abandoned ?
daughter will be 2 son will be 2 months old .
no no you were insisting i was saying i was saying that omega was a dream .
now you 're going into what 's canon again .
and again battling a simulation is not battling the original .
eikon rematches are not 'canon ' battling the eikon simulation is canon as we never before or after fought the simulations .
my whole point circles back to the beginning we never fought the warring triad a 2nd time officially .
it 's like saying if i kick your twin 's ass i kick your ass that 's what you 've been trying to defend this whole convo .
please make sure to upvote well written unpopular/controversial opinions and downvote badly written opinions or popular opinions .
please note that we are currently removing all political opinions as part of a trial period .
if your post is political and was not caught in the filter please post it in the politics megathread at the top of the sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
https www.solutionsstores.com/tin-cat-humane-mouse-trap ? cawelaid=120308880000000648 gclid=eaiaiqobchmi3_hpikgd4aivha_ich2pvafzeaqyayabegksqvd_bwe you line them inside with glueboards for easy cleaning and rodent removal .
the manufacturer will supply you with these made to fit .
a mouse dies fairly quickly of exposure at even 72f a mouse is almost constantly looking for that square plastic/metal hollow tree . ''
right next to the overhead doors is a great place ... one each side of each ohd .
if you are bent on using something like t-rex in an evo ... you lure the rodent the same way you do with any snap trap .
curiosity will get the beast into your evo ... just as it would a catchal '' but your way adds a step in that the beast must interact with the t-rex .
had you been using a catchall type product it would be game over as soon as it steps in the curiosity .
catchall '' is a generic term ... ummm ... kinda like calling all facial tissues a klenex for multiple catch mouse traps i do n't think the actual model known as catchall has been made for a couple of decades..
the catchall '' i linked you to has a see through top .
this can make for a slight disadvantage in very specific situations .
lol consider a opaque model for that slight edge .
edit opaque model https www.domyown.com/jt-eaton-speedy-clean-repeater-multiple-catch-mouse-trap-solid-lid-424-p-9804.html ? keyword gclid=eaiaiqobchmi66kolkad4aivz8dich2ceauleaqybcabegjqapd_bwe ... a bit more ... a bit more work to maintain too .
i like the idea of a best practices section !
not a top five list but i recommend that you look into the networks of dnt trails and cabins in norway .
i take it as a compliment because the people screeching do n't know what there talking about .
its worthless from them becuase they dont know what thier talking about and it 's a compliment to me becuase i struck the right nerve .
honestly ca just straight up has a lot of asshole drivers .
whenever we visit family down in socal im reminded one of the reasons i do n't like going down there .
sole is wrong color sole should be an icy blue .
16 pcc and a sb hawaiian lei for a key
i 've thought about doing a timelapse but i have no idea how to do one properly .
also i rotate the paper a lot while i 'm drawing so i 'm not sure if the video would be very nice to watch ...
i 've been considering relocating these past couple of years .
in accordance with our low-effort guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/overwatch/wiki/rules we currently do not allow the submission of posts with no or minimal text description .
if you have a quick or simple question about the game please see our latest quick questions post https www.reddit.com/r/overwatch/search ? q=quick+questions+author 3aautomoderator t=week sort=relevance restrict_sr=on .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch if you have any questions or concerns .
the fight scene where cutter took down all those cops who had her at gunpoint was amazing !
too bad we did n't get to see any of it .
after season 1 i did n't expect this show to get worse writing than flash or supergirl though i guess the over the top government villain guy spouting 'maga ' should have been a clue .
okay he used his powers for a few seconds to stop one guy from being beaten up and to fly around completely unnecessarily but that just makes it worse .
the ban tip is the only thing i approve about this video .
not many yi players build black cleaver but if they knw wht bc can do for them they will build it .
i mean i know what black cleaver does and still think it sucks for yi the only good thing about it is the phage speed that i love but master yi dmg output right now is like 70 true dmg it 's way better to buy a different item if you go lethal tempo you can consider black cleaver i do n't because i do n't play that rune anyway xd .
meditate jax e is always the worse choice very easy way to let him stack his passive .
yi ca n't rely on teammates lulu support will always rather shield the 0-5 adc instead of 20-0 yi .
jax has cc and can choice his fights all the game if he ca n't win he will run away and get his team to help him he can disengage and reengage whenever he please .
yi press r and that 's his only chance .
in brief if jax can kill you he will do it .
if he ca n't he just needs to run away.. yi does n't have such a luxury that is why the matchup is so annoying
it 's does n't if you 're not on it op
you did not include the image 's resolution the width and height in pixels in the title .
you should put the resolution in brackets at the end of your title .
please check the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/wiki/index wiki_resolution.3f_what_is_that_and_how_can_i_find_it.3f for information on how to find the resolution .
you rehosted the image from an original source or approved host
please read the our rules in the sidebar and faq r/earthporn/wiki
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/earthporn if you have any questions or concerns .
what do you mean ‘youre not supposed to add them up ? !
i see it 's common to put waver on caster and merlin in all .
it was so good for new year 's event .
i 'm level 85 hw my current sets wizardy staff elemental staff orlean set staunch set eod roc with agav card .
i can only use level 2 ms because lack of contributions and gold medals 46k contri and 40 medals .
and it took so long to cast the ms because i dont have angry snarl and magic eyes .
should i buy ct variable items or focus on maxing my ms and fire pillar ?
i loveeee romance that does n't involve me haha for example i love max and chloe from life is strange marcy and pb from adventure time and todd and emily from bojack horseman even though they are n't meant to be .
as for why i guess it 's because i 'm rooting for them all to be happy and i know how happy being with who they love will make them .
i was thinking the same thing alexa should have played the red alert siren they always use in tng
i hope the sec has to put out new tax rules regarding the sale of donuts
no no no no why would the galaxy celebrate that victory if anything the empire would have doubled down and a power struggle would have taken over between the high command .
it was a victory for sure for our band of heros and the teddy bears not the freaken republic .
idk i really hate just about all the special edition changes honestly i love the original effects the only upside is the removal of the blue screen outlines from the orignal verisons .
i guess cloud city is alittle more pretty thats about it and i do n't want to see the wompa han shot only no jabba till rotj original songs only please no vader saying no completely not needed
well i guess my wife should look for another job .
i will be messaging you on 2019-09-23 06:11:56 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2019-09-23 06:11:56 utc to local time to remind you of this link .
click this link http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/fantasybaseball/comments/aidy2s/what_are_we_thinking_about_josh_bell 0a 0aremindme !
8 months to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit browser extensions https np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions
i was thinking that but added them to make it easier to focus your eyes on the titles
i dont know why but i only clicked on this because it said spongebob squarepants .
i love your hair do n't listen to the haters and keep on repping the flow squad bass god !
mostly for ghasts and if i respawn the dragon and i 've built something in the end .
i also do daylight cycle false on some packs .
leaves me free to explore and makes caving more dangerous d
i mean in the holocaust jews were forced to perform labor — but was that their job ?
but it sort of cheapens what was happening to them .
it makes it sound like they were all welp better go punch the clock and be worked until i collapse and am stomped to death by nazis .
another day another no dollars. it was n't a job it was the fuckin ' holocaust .
but it was something more than that something much worse .
i can see someone not even putting that in the same category and so not even thinking to compare the two .
fuck dat this is how i say nothin bing bing bing
i really wish i could talk to one of those people from the ta'agra project tbh .
x.x i really do n't wan na break lore as theme is everything to me but i also want to remind myself of him everyday
if you can afford to send a fresh comment every few seconds you 're doing something wrong with your life .
thats fine gt mystic krabs i might buy handmade aswell
usually when idk what to do in life o just alch myself .
not very rewarding since i 'm kind of worthless .
yeah finally a solid plan that will actually make a difference
you 're not supposed to go on ranked as a new player anyway
i read about as much of the koran as i could stand .
the bible has some fun and entertaining things in it .
the koran took some things from the bible like the story of joseph and just ruined it .
attendo la venuta del quietly '' in salsa italiana .
let me know if you like any of these and i can give similar suggestions
and of course the dialogue with my daughter wo n't be about getting laid !
be careful you only have a limited time to determine your allegiance before the great porn wars .
there are a few episodes that are particularly bad .
if you ca n't stomach gore i would n't recommend it .
fortunately for her vs. ny ! fjorm her dagger is an exceptional tool and she has just enough res to use it reasonably well .
unfortunately her dagger is inheritable and there are potentially much better candidates out there to utilize it especially since it would combo fantastically with null c-disrupt which is infantry-exclusive .
also unfortunate is that in the comparison to ny ! fjorm fjorm has brave and firesweep bows to use for pure offensive builds as someone else mentioned already .
i doubt she will be in any way meta-altering even her weapon on other units .
but she will still be solid herself and with the right tools in the right hands her weapon can be a very strong anti-meta '' pick .
your post was removed for containing a link that is not within the whitelist .
click here to see the public whitelist https www.reddit.com/r/fashionreps/wiki/whitelist bypasing the filter on purposely will result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fashionreps if you have any questions or concerns .
we live in an age where mcdonald 's is being served at the white house on silver platters beverly hillbillies style and where a company has a feasible business plan to colonize mars in the near future and showing off prototypes right now .
who knew idiocracy and star wars happened in the same universe .
this is one of the few posts where i can say that you fucked up badly but also that i 'm happy it still turned out well for both of you .
good call on not giving the gift just be there for her show your support that way .
this is probably the case but i would n't bet on it yet .
this might and i stress might be a calculated plan to slowly get the 'base ' used to the idea that yeah ... he really did all of these things but who cares.. god emperor and all that .
way too old and certainly out of his depth .
i”m not as politically aware as i should be and i want to change that .
tbh i just read headlines and never paid too much attention to it .
i hear people say that often and want what made people say so ?
sham meaning they pretended like the did it but did n't .
look man i know they told you that only .
drug made my a company that has a patent on it can treat or cure anything .
like one of those you come up with hours after a confrontation .
one of my coworkers could tell that i was irked .
i told her about the comment and my sobriety .
next time i 'm just going to tell my boss directly .
jesus christ do you even listen to yourself when you talk ?
you come off as a nutjob equating a redhat supporting a bumbling president with a symbol that equates to millions and millions of deaths and suffering .
the problem comes when you search for dupe posts find none and then get marked as a dupe of a tangentially related question that does n't solve the problem .
while i would like to believe in the ability to contest dupes in practice it seems like for especially weird or corner-casey problems proving that there is an issue becomes much harder because the person making the post typically does n't have enough information to properly recreate the problem and if they did have enough information they 'd be able to solve the problem on their own .
expecting them to be able to solve their own problem that they ca n't find an answer to in order to get an answer to their problem is absurd .
additionally do n't you need a certain amount of rep to comment ?
if you do that really curtails the discussion process when someone new with a weird problem is muted by default .
i 'm trying to build a projections model for the 10 categories our league uses based on forthcoming statistical projections .
so i can look back at previous year winners of my league and see what blend of players i should be looking to target to be competitive .
meanwhile a certain bald man is mia in all the big fights .
i would n't have enough time to play and ‘get gud ' if not for the ability to play anywhere .
the extra content compared to the ps2 version are really nice but
dropping weapons are now much more relevant for the hangar weapons in situations
the much smaller fcs frame on a tiny screen and
the increased difficulty for some bosses is n't helpful at all .
since your save only fully convert on ac3 sl not to lr i suggest playing ac3 and sl on psp no problem .
then you could try lr on ps2 emulators and psp to try which feels right to you .
or alternatively since the story is cut through a lot due to ac nexus not playable on the psp and you 'll have a lot of catching up to do on wiki anyway you could do nexus on ps2 emulators after the first two then decide whether you wan na play lr on psp psp emulators or ps2 emulators .
disclosure lr insults you for playing and call yourself an ac player .
the first mission is harder than bosses from previous titles .
it looks like you 're trying to get advice about purchasing a vehicle .
per our subreddit rules there are other resources you can use instead of making a thread .
check out our what car should i buy '' sticky post in r/whatcarshouldibuy and check out r/askcarsales for buyer advice .
stand-alone threads asking for vehicle suggestions/opinions are not allowed .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcars if you believe this has been removed in error or to ask any questions about our rules http www.reddit.com/r/cars/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cars if you have any questions or concerns .
as part of an attempt to cut back on the number of repetitive threads on r/twitch we are trying to provide a short list of posts from reddit 's search function that may help you .
would a capture card help the load of my pc https www.reddit.com/r/twitch/comments/ad1lxb/would_a_capture_card_help_the_load_of_my_pc 88 relevancy chance
if so consider deleting your post to reduce spam on the subreddit .
if the suggested links are irrelvant to your question feel free to ignore this comment and continue as you were .
you may want to also upvote or downvote this comment to give the subreddit moderators an indication of how well the bot is doing !
i 'm a bot and this action was performed automatically .
also we recommend looking at the r/twitch wiki for answers to frequently asked questions .
https www.reddit.com/r/twitch/wiki if you have any questions or concerns please contact the subreddit moderators via modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftwitch .
they tried posting their stupid video shitposts on r/swg not long ago .
most of those pvp videos just showcase how utterly cringe worthy pre-cu pvp is in general .
glowstick raves people flopping on their backs and everything else generally wrong with pre-cu 's combat .
the shitty musical choices are just icing on that proverbial cake .
they do no favors to the community by posting them and they certainly do n't serve as any attractive reason to play on basilisk .
at least to me but then i am not under any illusion that pre-cu is actually good with it 's enormous fundamental flaws and general design catastrophes .
i mean it 's fine if you want to play jedi swordsman or maybe a rifleman .
but anything else is generally useless in pvp thanks to said flaws .
i 'm just the guy who made a server that actually deals with all of those issues .
because people are allowed to wear what they want to ?
it 's kind of telling your type wants to draw conclusions on how people dress not to mention question their right to do so .
these countries most often do n't have any organized garbage collection service
i did n't make it for this box sadly but i look forward to seeing what everyone who did gets
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
you can re-enable the multitask long press method via this app .
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
52 year old tyson puts you in a coma 20 year old tyson kills you
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
would n't you agree that it could be taken in that fashion and that people who are taught once saved always saved '' do n't have any more incentive not to commit crimes ?
when people put the evidence to you all you do is discredit the witnesses .
look through all your comments and that 's all you do .
there is no point arguing with you because you do n't believe the witnesses and what they say .
i 'd love a spare ps4 code if anyone has one !
there ya go russ taking it to the rim ! !
the ability to turn into anything by asking for it out loud .
you 'll be stuck for the rest of your life in the first inanimate object you accidentally turn into .
could you imagine how big that owl would have to be though ?
they all believe that the silver spoon millionaire from new york city is firmly devoted to completely transforming american society all for the good of them .
and then there 's sports betting both amateur and professional .
some people lost lots of money over a bad call .
what if we made a megacoffin where a bunch of people can sign up to be put in together when they die to save money .
and this is why ic has no right to use tips as part of incentives as restaurants do !
ic customers have 3 days to take away the tip while restaurant tips ca n't be taken back once it 's charged .
https imgur.com/a/itb6rny https imgur.com/a/itb6rny trickier because folds were on the text
studies show it 's ineffective for gad and panic although it does have anxiolytic effects .
i 'll assume you want an honest answer so here are the 2 reasons
1 if you do n't make it through this round you get nothing at all so from a self serving point of view you take this to help you get through .
this seems to be the case in this episode .
2 every additional team member that gets through is both an additional question the chaser has to answer and some token amount of knowledge that the other team members might not have .
so it 's more important to get a team member through than it is to pad the pot .
taking a look at the maggot '' episode that was linked above there were 4 possibilities .
1 he got through on 3000 and they each get 7000
2 he got through on 3000 and they each got 8500
3 he failed to get through and they lost with everyone getting 0
4 he failed to get through and they won with him getting 0 and the rest getting 10,333 each
if he had to tried for 2 he would have failed .
if he had not made it through the most likely result is that the team would also have failed and 3 would have occurred .
so logically if you 're terrible at questions 1 is the best answer .
but if you 're terrible at trivia do n't go to a quiz show !
no ... you can talk to us as the mods serve as the link between the players and the devs .
if you want to talk with another mods there 's more of us on our official discord server .
i 'm guessing this leaves sakhmet for the 44 cover maximum tragedy heartbreak and minerva finishing it off for 45 ?
she has the racket to zap it with d .
practice drawing each body part separately in different positions .
learn basic form and try to get used to using guidelines/wireframes .
it was the first play of the eagles cowboys game in dallas this season .
5 eagles on top of it no cowboy even close lol .
you might be severely underestimating the amount of time that they did actually hold championships .
i think they both make the top 10 of cumulative belt holding statistics .
may have bumped up their stats a little more since the article was written
bruno moolah and co. to get a 'modern-era ' list would give us
so kane moves up to 11 just outside the top 10 .
... . and undertaker is n't even on the list .
so maybe you 're right that undertaker did n't need the rub but i think maybe kane did ...
i 'm somewhat worried about the size of my backlog as it is but if you have no other use for it including giving it to someone else i 'd be happy to take it .
because the military are n't stupid or particularly incompetent and can ship medical supplies .
everytime ive gone to the field even with an aid station we 've never had hormones on hand nor do i believe we had the capability to request them .
we carried essential items like blood/plasma coagulant anti-coagulant adrenaline and morphine .
even if we could order it youre now taking away shelf space of essential life saving items for hormones ?
i can tell you havent written a college paper because the claim you made would most definitely require a source .
the fact youve yet to provide one only furthers the point that youre grasping
why do you think that atheism should have dominated theism regardless of which came first ?
bottom line these are n't actually government employees but just random trump supporters .
just tell them that the interaction is n't going as you expected and leave .
now i could either make my friends think i have money or keep my dumbass bup avatar .
i have decoy as third ability rn and was wondering if electric was better .
for everyday basic stuff like glands rushing dungeons oryx the third ability doesnt seem like it makes a difference .
but what about with tombs end game material bosses .
or do you think a ‘useless ' third ability like decoy would be better ?
i think someone else already said it but you guys should definitely get this on spotify .
i would for sure add talk it up to my fire playlist .
rapping on all fronts was amazing and the singing was beautiful .
yeah bc nobody trash talks before and after the fight ...
fuckin roman von goering looks like he runs a youtube channel filled with hour long videos about how feminism caused the fall of the roman empire and is destroying society .
before that an asrock taichi fried itself and my cpu after a bios update after it did i researched and found others on the web reporting issues with the same bios i posted here on tom 's warning asrock owners to not flash that bios and 2 or 3 posters popped in that they 'd had issues as well with one indicating the same experience ie board fried and the cpu fried with it
oh btw ulta has this sample pack for 15 inside is a shiseido sample 3 of them equal a full size bottle which will cost 45 but full size is 70 .
annnd you get a bunch of other stuff in the sample pack
ulta love your skin all your favorites https www.ulta.com/ulta/browse/productdetail.jsp ? productid=pimprod2002980
that was the standout panel for me no question that incredible pan was extraordinary .
it 's on my list of things to learn but since it baffles me i am just putting it off until i am ready to tackle it again .
guess you can say that they 're incessant on the relationship
please report players in-game and then here https epicgames.helpshift.com/a/fortnite ? p=all s=general f=how-do-i-report-bad-player-behavior-in-battle-royale l=en if you are this distressed by this particular situation .
we do not allow posts regarding teamers and teaming due to it 's spammy nature .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't really care i like him being happy .
but secretly i love the little extra length in his hair so i can yank on it
not scrolling through to see if others have posted but ...
roshen silva looked very good against england but he always seems to be playing a rescue act .
top order got to give him a base to work with once in a while .
i 'm buying a lot of what this article is selling .
i 'd imagine not receiving those british funds may negatively effect the euro zone budgets .
that would be good for britain as they would have less exposure governmentally ?
i 'm sure a recession in the euro zone would have negative impacts on all of those british businesses that do business with the euro zone though ... would love some more educated responses here ...
actually according to elaine aron 's a highly sensitive person '' we do often feel very scared and uncomfortable with presentations .
i do n't know why people say it 's not related to being an hsp .
in the end even if we 're all hsp it does n't mean we have the exact same traits some have more some have less .
it 's an old link i had saved you want me to look up the links for you ?
you keep defending it but not offering any explanation for any of the quotes .
all you 're saying is it 's out of context .
explain to us what it means and why is this book being cited by laws that are openly discriminatory against women is hardcore islamic countries ?
even here in our country you can find a lot of muslims that site these same verses as justification for what they do to women .
i have friends whose husbands beat them and their children and they say it 's because that 's the law as prescribed in the quran .
so please educate my ignorant ass as to the full context of the misogyny that can be found in the quran .
please explain why millions of women in the world suffer because of it .
apologists like you always say the same thing but never offer anything logical about any of this .
if you even bothered to look at the link it contains the whole book you just have to click a few buttons .
and again explain it to me in what context does striking your wife wives make it ok ?
even the taking of many wives part says a lot .
prove to me i 'm wrong instead of bloviating and saying i 'm wrong .
anything 's possible you could be an new soul .
though i 'm personally of the belief that we 've all been around the block at least a few times .
i may guess that this may be the first or one of the first incarnations that you 've had with your planet in a certain sign so that energy is new there in that way .
is it just that stuff that makes you feel like a new soul or other things in your chart ?
the best part is what he does with his hands after he knocks the guy out .
in the er it really earns the title the shambles .
amityville horror original the scene in the basement where the wife of his coworker looks through the opening in the wall and sees hell .
i would think it 's not totally abnormal exercise is used for different reasons to feel good to get out that days bs etc .
if you 're finding it happens everytime maybe try a martial art or boxing ?
this man really just deleted his entire reddit account because of this thread lmao
an important note he does not specifically say that peter should have more faith .
context this is immediately relatively close after talking about faith the size of a mustard seed . ''
honestly if i could have some kind of power to bring out the truth '' in people especially in places that hire people and be able to show their true thoughts ...
yeah i totally needed to hire this black woman for the job even though the other guy is more qualified . ''
like people know the damn truth but pc culture says you ca n't bitch about it in the open .
i think now is a bad time for a break too willy .
i eat like once a day just snacks and shit and it 's gross as fuck i hate my cloudy ass brain and my tiredness and lack of motivation .
post an update in two weeks and tell us how you feel
i do n't have lean but i do have pcos and was able to successfully rebound from my anxiety and depression .
one of the biggest helps for me was upping my intake of vegetables and also increasing magnesium through supplements .
i 'm attempting to show that suffering is on the merciful end of the justice spectrum .
in other words it 's the default and therefore deserved .
but mercy is n't about giving people what they deserve and it certainly is n't about leaving them with the default .
and even if we say that suffering is on the milder half of the justice spectrum which still does n't make sense to me it still seems that god could have moved the needle significantly further in that direction .
if i deserve '' a million lashes for having committed some crime and you reduce my sentence to 800,000 when you could simply have shown me the error of my ways and helped me rehabilitate that seems very far from mercy .
it may sound flippant to say god has a plan and while i agree that this has no explanatory power the point is that you have no place to say that god is not permitted to allow suffering because if the possibility exists that suffering is part of some greater plan then it is permitted .
it does n't sound flippant at all but it does sort of illustrate the difficulty of mounting a rational defense of an unknowable plan .
essentially it still boils down to even though seemingly needless suffering does n't align with our human notions of fairness you just have to trust god because we know god to be good .
and that means trusting that he 's doing what 's best at all times . ''
that 's not really a rational defense so much as an appeal to faith .
and i can understand why a devout christian would find that compelling starting from their worldview and position of faith but i ca n't help feeling that we 've circled back to the original argument put forward by the reverend .
that sort of suggests that we have n't landed on a better defense of suffering than the one he 's advancing .
because they ceased to exist when it actually mattered most
nah the horned rat leveled up and joined the big four at the top of the chaos food chain when age of sigmar came out .
i do n't know about visual arts but major cosplay is on point .
not attempting to demean your experience but what made you so different ?
a kid his age does n't suddenly decide homeschooling is better for him .
and i mean this with no disrespect but at age 11 there 's a lot you did n't comprehend .
maybe hindsight makes you think knew all the pieces but science would dictate otherwise .
that 's when you nope the fuck out of there and never use that bathroom again
on my experience those knee pads does n't protect much .
hot take when it should n't be a hot take but it 's 2019 booing opposing players on a team is 100 acceptable and part of what makes sports fun
people do n't shit on fans doing any and everything to distract a guy from hitting a free throw .
a number of the cyberpower rack mount units actually come with feet so that you can stand them up if a rack is n't available .
a 2u rackmount unit that also has the feet so it can stand upright if you need it too .
if budget is n't a concern i 'd certainly look at the rack mount units and see if what you 're interested in has an option for feet as well .
that way if/when you get a rack you wo n't be looking for a new ups just to be able to mount it in the rack..
it 's ridiculous to think that the licensing for a pharmacist has nothing to do with the job when that 's exactly what it has to do with .
you 're view on this weird and dumb but keep trolling away dude if that makes you happy .
yea it looks like he put seymour duncan 's in replacing his emgs typically found in his signature fender guitars .
edit not seymour duncan 's they are still his same pickup .
i might still call them there 's got to be a way to get a ticket off your permanent record after a large amount of time .
that 's how it works for minor speeding at least .
i am 6'2 or 6'3 get in a gym .
virtually impossible to win an nba game in 2019 while hitting less than 10 threes .
use contrasting colour instead of blending colour to be seen .
yep that advice will work in any and all environments while the post just uses a bad example vs a good example
only users with comment karma greater than 5 are allowed to post in r/newmusic .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/newmusic if you have any questions or concerns .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
use your move set to win but it 's inherently an ass hole move .
you afraid of facing him on the stage on fair terms ?
sure get the win whenever you can but too often ness mains resort to cheap tricks and spamming to win due to their own inability to go toe to toe with their opponent .
in his mind he told me that he only wants to hurt people that harm him.
if i report this in his mind are n't i someone who wants to harm him ?
he has my home address he has my class schedule like this is a serious situation especially since he has mental health issues .
green eggs and ham is about a man trying to poison his friend .
if you are harassed via pm please contact the moderation team https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/progresspics subject=harassment message=please 20include 20a 20screenshot 20of 20the 20message 20you 20recieved 20including 20username 20of 20the 20person 20who 20messaged 20you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/progresspics if you have any questions or concerns .
pretty much the same size as the people you see in zuldazar throne room .
it wasnt a small force it was entire army talanji is very specific about how annoyed she is that despite 2 armies being present neither is moving because of fog
if they wanted them there they would show it .
so wait do you really not believe that armies were present ... ?
please continue this story and if you do decide to end it please be a fulfilling end that 's not rushed
there are many small breed dogs that are perfect but here 's the ones i reccomend
they are non-shedding very socialable outgoing and friendliest dogs for children .
they have much stronger bones than most smaller breeds so smaller children can pick up and drop the dog without him getting hurt .
they do however need more attention to grooming due to their curly contuine growing double coat .
they are very easy to train and love playing !
i had one growing up and they are by far my favorite breed to have !
like the yorkshire terrier aussie terries have that beautiful blue fur coat the only difference is they have a more silkier coat than the yorkshire .
they do love both playing and snuggling up on the couch .
second choice of breed i have 2 currently and they are truly wonderful babies .
they stay near me all the time and love nothing more than to cuddle and play .
they were easily trained right at 9 months of age and never had problems with kids !
a non-shedding breed shih tzu 's are amount favorites for older couples due to their loyalty and snuggly perosnallity .
some shih tzu prefer playing over snuggling or snuggling over playtime .
they are sometimes prone to certain health conditions due to their snout and can be sometimes a bit more challenging to train .
third choice fiancé dog is a shih tzu and i love her to bits .
the only problem i find with her is that she lost a lot of teeth when she was a puppy and can be a bit stubborn with me but otherwise a great dog
mini poodles pomeranians maltese lhasa opsa havanese and corgi .
i ca n't get enough of the extended instrumental toward the end of the song .
i 've worked at several institutions and the campus police always puts the students first .
generally to save the institution from any lawsuits lol op go to both campus police and real police .
if you go to the real police i know they will involve campus police and housing .
whatever i just find this funny and sad at the same time .
turns out that telecom companies are actually in the process of implementing a caller-id verification system i guess that they realized that they were on the wrong side .
are there any weightlifters in japan tokyo area that would like to train together with me ?
that was just a drop in but i bogeyed the next hole which is one i normally birdie would have given me a personal best .
until he sees all the negative press tomorrow then we 'll be back on again .
until nancy informs him that if he shows up it will be just him and the camera crew in an empty chamber .
no one has yet had the tenacity and disguise/camouflage skills to make it happen but i 'm an optimist .
i figure all good things come to those who wait .
it wo n't give me an option to ship to you .
i 'm a big stipe fan but it 's funny to compare how he handled losing to dc with cyborg .
she asked for the rematch and when it looked like it would n't happen she 's already talking about kayla harrison .
stipe has done nothing but beg dc for a rematch .
i hope he gets it but it 'd been nice to see him have a fall back fight to hype up .
okay so again i apologize for jumping to conclusions a bit more than i should have .
either way especially with a lot of things going on these days with rape accusations i 'd like to say that we as americans have started taking seemingly passive comments more seriously .
age of consent here is typically 18 sometimes lower in other states but as far as sex goes anyone under 18 should be a baby to anyone over 18 .
that 's all sorry for coming off so strong this type of stuff just really pisses me off .
too many teenagers and childhoods ruined over this kind of behavior .
knife so i actually have a really nice 22 morakniv but i just replaced it with this tactical knife that 's used by usa special forces .
phones i know carrying two phones would appear weird at first glance but i can get free calls on my mom 's plan on the phone on the left and then for only 5 a month i get unlimited text messaging from the phone on the right .
it even opens up and has a complete keyboard so i do n't have to hit a number three times to scroll through letters .
pepper mace not pepper spray this is pepper mace .
tactical paracord bracelet/flashlight i can have light pointing directly off of my hand while i 'm working on something and in case of emergency the paracord is literally the best survival tool in the world .
i could tear it apart and use it to build a shelter or even break it down to the threads and use it as line to fish for food .
i do n't smoke or do drugs or anything but i figure maybe some day someone will ask me for a light and i 'll have one and then we could be friends or something i do n't know .
pretty much the best thing that 's ever happened to me .
i know now i 'll never hit a hole in one or win the lottery but i did this in 1995 and i tell most everyone i meet .
i carry the pin in case someone does n't believe me .
if you want shooting stars get outside city limits at night and enjoy the show .
yeah but they want the shooting stars to be visible in the city and at a certain time at a certain number .
i finished the sbc on sunday so i have barely used him but he 's been good so far .
but at the same time something like that would make people even more afraid to speak out about it and that 's already an insanely large problem .
like evidence of them saying or admitting to the lie .
people are already afraid of social reactions repercussions and testifying .
add the possibility of someone falsely accusing you of lying and going to prison for reporting a crime would make it even worse .
i was hoping for more literal heavy metal robert e howard conan horror fantasy world connection in that movie .
the way it started with the horn and calling the black riders and the book being a big part of the beginning ... but then went into real world explanations for them hated the way they went with that felt like such a loss .
one thought he worked incredibly hard going from i think it was executive analyst 1 step below vp got the job as a green undergrad with no experience in finance to president in four years when his dad stepped down
man i do n't think i could run a company after just four years .
you only know barely enough to run one department after that time at best .
how did the business do once the son took over ?
sure i just do n't like dogma and cognitive dissonance .
it 's good that people are engaged with news politics and social issues it 's not helpful when people see a wedge issue and immediately respond with confirmation bias .
if my comment has any effect on anyone i hope it plants a seed of self-reflection and makes them take a more nuanced view on complicated issues instead of sticking with dogma .
single greatest off season post on r/nrl of all time .
just learn how to play piano and perform this for the world to see .
although we 're not swimming in card advantage or blue cards so the mentioned counterspells or probably often a dud .
i 'm not sure what you exactly mean by the rest in peace question but the processed cards never hit the graveyard https www.reddit.com/r/magictcg/comments/3n9vlk/rest_in_peace_interaction .
nobody who is trying to show of his skills is going to append ?
i 've seen all of the rest though unfortunately .
record at wtf and currently holding the record for number of titles for three slams too .
saying he only has the slam count '' is forgetting he has 27 m1000 as well as a ton of finals too as if it was much much worse than nadal and djokovic 's count ...
it ruins the game for people who want to play football and who want everyone to be challenged by the game of football and not have a football version of a home run derby .
it might be fun for superficial people but there are actually people in the world who like to get deeper into the matter as it is much more rewarding that scratching the surface .
however fifa is not a game but a money making slot machine/pin-ball-machine like program with a frame of football .
a very good frame of football but the gameplay is similar to that of nintento world cup on nes from the 90s .
that might be an aspiration for a mobile game to dick around a bit but not for a game that has so much potential simply if only the sliders were changed .
your post was removed because it does not follow the posting format required for the subreddit .
please resubmit your post using the appropriate format of 'age ' x4x city title '' for example 29 m4w losangeles dude looking for dudette for fun stuff .
please see this https redd.it/7mzhss post for the guidelines .
if you feel this message is in error please contact the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/socalr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
you do n't really forget how to drive stick ... it takes like 10min to remember .
i drove stick in hs then went 13 years and bought a manual car and had no problems .
i really hope he gets a good score here .
children have no concept of death horrific injury/pain or the consequences of injuries .
that is why kids need to be given a healthy dose of fear to make it sink in that they need to be cautious in certain situations .
that is why you spank a kid for running into traffic .
though the kid slipping is old enough to understand that was a freak accident .
edit apparently some people are reading with their pitchforks out .
the 12 year old accidentally fell and should n't be punished .
he was a perfect opportunity for a ‘new loki ' and they killed him off before he even got properly established .
making him the main villain half way through was a huge misstep
exactly once you open the door to reparations for armenians the kurds arabs greeks bosnians etc can all in theory claim damage from the ottomans and line up .
turkey simply ca n't open itself to that world .
all of her foreign relations can become clouded by these tools against her interests .
it 's very simple ... people love saying this genocide denial thing but would a country of 85 million open herself to harm over something it technically did n't do and which was over 100 years ago and which only jeopardizes the relations with a minor neighbor ?
no country would ... france and england have n't apologized for their recent colonial crimes for the same reason .
the us has n't paid reparations to the natives or slaves for similar reasons .
reddit always oversimplifies this issue into turkey is evil but it 's a very difficult diplomatic tightrope .
one all major nations must walk ... if armenia renounced all claims against turkey in exchange for recognizing the genocide then maybe it would happen .
but otherwise armenia will use the recognition to claim eastern turkey ...
yeah i recently played the vn then watched the anime straight away afterwards .
still a great anime but that first episode feels incredibly rushed compared to the beginning of the vn .
1 they could achieve that by setting up or building out a singapore subsidiary .
moving head office is much more of a strategic and in the mid-tern tax decision .
2 nothing that you said excuses the rank hypocrisy of banging on about britain and british businesses and how they 'll benefit from brexit and then moving your business out of britain as brexit happens .
even if brexit is not a factor in the decision and i 'm fairly confident it is then it still shows arrogance and a one rule for me '' attitude .
to support brexit which makes it far harder for the typical brit to move around or benefit from the skills of other countries while taking that to an extreme in his own acts is wrong .
3 the fact that he recently decided to manufacture the cars there and less recently decided to manufacture everything else there does n't justify this .
it anything it shows it 's a pattern of behaviour and that the pivot away from the uk will continue .
if not why would any play now that their sites that pay daily dividends .
more like laser eye surgery can fix my vision blasting high power lasers into my eye without control or safety precautions can burn my eyes permanently ''
eating the bananas and the x rays are general chaos '' in your body but the iodine in question here automatically seeks out the thyroid which is where it kills the cancer .
a lot of sci-fi seems to suffer from that .
build an amazing world and then ruin it with a lacklustre story and characters .
her father tried to make a case for her and he kind of fucked up the laser part .
yeah i could post it there but i do n't like posting the same pic on different subs for karma farming
wrong before sb you had to be level 50 to unlock glamour .
he 's faced with two super soldiers yet he threatened both as if he knew he was far superior than the two combined .
i ask you as both warrior and king how long do you think you can keep your friend safe from me ? ''
i sold before the fork and paid off my mortgage .
i 've been married to a black woman for 10 years i 'm white have 2 healthy happy beautiful children .
i can say definitely nothing you have said applies to my family at all .
can anyone confirm that its in their game too ?
the rest of 1-a wo n't lose to midoriya after hearing about his journey to get the ofa gym badges .
most notably bakugo todoroki and iida are going to get intensely fired up about this .
i do n't think we 've seen the best of afo when he showed us his combo moves .
even more so on gigantomachia and the mysterious ujiko .
but introducing new enemies to midoriya is n't the solution here .
we 've already seen alot pop up in between the mention of the final boss to where we are now .
with the exception of the pro hero arc the next move we should see after the joint training arc should be focused and coming from the villains side because they 've been dead silent for more than one reality year now .
it 's so sad we do n't have troll-ex spray .
henny guy got so depressed that he paid everything to her come to la lmao .
id like the game store to be unified with the xbox app .
also being able to choose an install location for all games .
some require install on c drive and just install there right away .
one thing that is annoying on xbox and i dont remember if its this way on pc is when you buy a game and it just starts installing right away .
hard drive space is limited and games go on sale .
id like to buy a game and not have to cancel a download everytime .
the last time i tried to redeem the points i had to call in instead of being able to do so on the website or app did i miss an update to how they can be redeemed ?
there 's lots of different reasons why people may be against suicide .
some people may just not know how to approach someone who 's suicidal in the fear that they might do or say the wrong thing to the person .
others might not be able to empathise how exactly the suicidal person is feeling or how to help them .
other people may also have had a previous experience with someone who was suicidal and it did n't go well .
a example could be if someone in their family committed suicide and caused a lot of harm due to their death and that may have left a bad opinion about the topic to those who were affected .
similarly a key reason why many people are against suicide is because it 's often a permanent fix to a often temporary or treatable problem and one 's death can negatively affect the people around them sometimes even provoking others to kill themselves .
a few months ago a now semi-notorious tv show was released on netflix and one of the main characters in this fictional high school setting tv show killed themselves but remained as a ghost/vision to the other high school characters after the person 's suicide and because of that ideation of suicide in the show there was a spike in suicides in real life so while suicide may not seem to harm people it certainly can to due cause and effect .
if r/morbidquestions allowed people to make posts asking for advice on how to kill one 's self and it was given answers the op of the post would more likely go through with their attempt and be less likely to seek out help .
if the op did manage to kill themselves because of the advise they received those who give the advise would likely be held responsible for the person 's death .
other people who may also be suicidal could end up going on the same post reading the same advise mentioned and manage to kill themselves also .
it is in russian it 's доверяй но проверяй doveriyay no proveriayay
i hit platinum this season playing support was 2450 last season and went 10-0 on placements .
hannah fry mathematician/youtuber wrote about this in one of her books i got it for my brother so i will look it up
sadly no your not when it comes to the world your in the vast minority stop trying to push your catholic view upon others if you do n't like the link then fuck off
you can bypass this by using user agent-switcher extension on chrome and then using choosing another browser option in that extension for ex .
or you could simply access it with another browser .
in fact the silmarillion explicitly states that yavanna could never recreate the trees of valinor .
she already spent her ability to make something so wondrous and it 's now gone .
she admits that on chapter 9 the light of the trees i brought into being and within eä i can do so never again.
however only evil ainur seems to go completely overboard with using up power to the point where they loses the ability to change forms or becomes a somewhat fair fight for an elf or human .
sauron copies that later on when he loses the ability to have a fair form .
it 's sad news but at the same time she was really struggling .
my grandpa died six months ago and i think it was hard for her to be without him .
she was also very old and sick so i prefer to believe she is better off now .
i 'm sad more than i thought i would be .
morality is a code of personal ethics that you follow .
nothing about morality says that somebody who does n't share your morality should not exist .
i work with people who i consider immoral every day of the week but i do n't think they should n't exist we have different morals .
käytännössä räsänen siis myöntää että nämä ihmiset ovat turvallisuusriski .
jos ihminen on yhden ansaitun sakon päässä muuttumisesta väkivaltaiseksi hänet voidaan kaiketi todeta vaaralliseksi tai ennalta-arvaamattomaksi .
you can also get better jackets for 50 less .
or the absolute most amaziballs jackets you can even imagine for the same price .
i imported a couple arc'teryx pieces this year for winter to replace my northface coat fuck me this post stings and i honestly have no idea how they do it .
they weigh literally zero pounds have only modest bulk to them yet are essentially infinitely warm without any 'sticky hot ' feel while in the warm inside wearing them for a bit .
the price is obscene but my god i 'm happy with my purchase the other day with 15 degree wind chills .
i 'm super femme but i like equal balance .
like i wan na be the big spoon but i also like my but .
i think in any relationship there has to be an equal exchange in power and vulnerability between both partners .
it takes time to find that rhythm but that 's how i see things .
if remindme does n't work right away try it again .
remindme 's anywhere else on the sub will be deleted sorry !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sealedrecords if you have any questions or concerns .
the seat and footrest are completely removable so if you are using it as a paddleboard they 're not there .
is the desktop part of a domain or is it just to turn down some settings on a personnal computer ?
no wonder my parents were so pissed at me all the time .
we are good now but i totally get why they were mad about it .
at the time i was like fuck the man ! ! .
now i just feel bad for putting them through so much stress .
now that i 'm older and have my shit together we do love to laugh about all the dumb shit i used to do .
i meant that was a good run for her shenanigans .
i know real pharmacists are truly noble and pure in the pursuit of their art .
everyone should really fucking hate dick cheney to be fair .
smith could catch him with a hail mary shot .
got an srpb29 for my son in august of 2018 for 129 off of amazon .
amazing quality for the price but y'all knew that already .
let 's see how oc does on the main sub .
it seems kind of stupid but i gave this one guy silver and they sent really nice msgs so i gave them gold and plat .
they said i made their day but honestly their messages really lifted my spirits up .
i do n't plan on upgrading for at least 4 years .
then again i doubt i could find a better phone .
also the consent forms and edu videos we had to do were extremely informative .
while i do agree riven is in a strong state right now its too early to say how strong she actually is .
if you 're going to do very high frequency 4x a week first make sure it 's effective for your genetics and current experience level and secondly leave a day rest between training a body part eg .
on off on off on..etc not on on off on on .
nomura would have to try really hard to make the new worlds more ‘empty ' than previous kh 's worlds .
i can be arsed to find an article but sami and meänkieli are official languages in sweden these days and there have been some debate whether dalecarlian should be one too .
hey man we are hitting up taco bell you wan na come with ?
i already had chipotle for lunch but fuck it i 'm in
we may be approaching the end of they '' being the president not just due to the shutdown or the lack of casus belli but that trump is already the first chief executive to be directly checked over the war powers act .
i 'm doubtful he 'd win a legislative or judicial showdown over it and congress is unlikely to authorize anything given the syrian pullout or the afghanistan scaledown .
this is prime example of why you really should n't speed
people in this thread are already getting mad over it even though it 's an unscored review that they did n't read .
as a not great pvp player but enjoys it who struggles to get to fabled though very close now i wonder how much i will be fomo'ing .
assuming i get to fabled the grenade launcher steps feel like a pain and not fun .
i do n't want to play like 50-75 games of quickplay to just camp heavy with pog i just want to play and have fun .
just goto statements that are named with strings that are just diatribes about potted plants .
you say you want an implementation of static bases as vehicles .
or somewhere else i can look to get an outline of what 's wanted ?
i did a quick search of the issues but could n't find anything .
failing that is irc the best place to come and talk to you guys about what you 'd like ?
i 'm not planning on going at this right away .
i 'd like to start with something simpler to get the hang of the codebase and style etc .
i 'll probably look at 27364 and 26475 smoking racks working outside of the reality bubble tonight to get myself started but as a bigger project static bases sounds like it could be fun to do .
i wonder how many people who call it failcast '' have actually bought a resin model from gw in the last 2 years .
they 've completely reformulated the resin they use to get it much closer to fw while still being usable in old metal molds and actually learned a lot of lessons about making molds for resin so things designed to be resin from the ground up tend to come out just fine .
about the only thing that makes gw resin still a pain in the ass is how many sprue connection points they have but that 's to make sure they are n't full of air bubbles so it 's either sand down divots or fill in bubbles .
this is not a good thing in my book .
because you oppressed and the jews/george soros is out to get you
it works or it does n't '' is still a lot easier than you have to this this and this '' .
you start at the assumption capitalism will last forever .
it will either collapse and our decendants will rebuild or we go extinct .
public enemy was a ecw creation that was only popular in ecw and failed in wwf .
new age outlaws had thousands of people cheering for them .
i do n't really like this one but there 's no denying that it 's one of the best places to start .
i would 've thought a clairvoyant could read between the lines jk i understood it fine..
rumble matches are the main selling point my dude .
ok to be honest b and c. me personally i would get so turned on i would join in .
not only that but guys want to feel desireable also and what better way to do that then know you are that turned on by his voice .
i used to be a radio dj and was always told how sexy my voice was and yes i had listeners call in and tell me not only was my voice sexy but they masturbated to me .
i even had one listener who would call and wait for me to do the weather and when i came back to the phone she would be cumming .
it was a huge ego boost and made me feel great about myself .
perhaps a discussion first would be more appropriate too .
the best way i 've heard it described is to try and remember the time before you were born .
there was nothing there is no consciousness it 's just solitary nothing forever .
and it 's fine because when it happens i wo n't feel strongly about it either way because i wo n't have a consciousness .
she attempted to mock a friend of mine and lied about the caption of a picture so the transphobic trash on reddit could roast him .
shes a trash person and a trump supporter anti gay etc .
we are n't allowed to do that we get emails sent to us about 3 times a day about that .
oh and all the ethics rules we are n't to violate .
socialism is a pro-society in cooperation and human-centered ideology .
it does n't necessarily follow that the government is involved with command economy .
employee and consumer owned cooperatives are a great example .
please refer to my prior comment related to the aggressive propaganda that tries to shut down even simple conversation about this important set of issues .
government job programs national healthcare systems and environmental protections are all prosocial policies because of the objectives those were determined to accomplish .
suffice to say and imo select parts of the un do not represent the best interests of america nor the people all over the world .
a brief review of its history since its founding only point to the fact that it has failed in its mission .
this organization like too many others have been fully infiltrated .
please refer to the us congress for just one prime
america would do very well to once and for all kick out organizations like the cfr and others .
yeh it 's amazing how he travels on a lot of his step backs pushes his defender off him for a jump shot and wraps his arm around the defender to get past him ... all without foul calls .
i unfortunately am not a donor but a recipient .
i spent 6 months hospitalized for blood cancer and received over 100 units of blood and platelets .
i would not be here today if it was n't for individuals like you willing to give up your time and blood for others .
i just wanted to let you know that it is appreciated .
hopefully you 'll get lots of good karma you are from me at least .
he 's had none stolen so far at this point so jumping to two would be a feat .
nope you were wrong about a minor technicality so everything you said was wrong .
literally the very first thing he did upon taking office was enacting the muslim travel ban '' which was quickly shot down in court .
granted that 's a religious group but all you maga supporters know in your gut that it 's part of a brown people ban '' .
i am well aware that you are capable of the mental gymnastics to ignore this .
should skinny people be lifting to put on some mass ?
a statement that no one outside the fusor circle '' would agree with .
got off with a warning because a it was a dead ass section of road i was the only car moving and b i still had the 30 day tags on my brand new car .
officer asked if i knew how fast i was going and i told him i legitimately do n't sir .
i literally just got this car i 'm too used to my old volvo that would shake and shimmy above 55 letting me know when i got too fast . ''
officer said well i see the tags so i know you 're telling the truth .
i 'm gon na cut you a break this time .
you make good and sure it 's the last time ''
very few of the reported list include politicians in the 2nd half of the 20th century and century-to-date in the 21st ... castro being the exception .
most of those in the last 70ish years are because of involvement in splinter organizations or movements .
of course this is is not a complete list .
private companies have a mandate from shareholders to maximize profits so they deny defer and drag their feet until the problem goes away the patient gives up or dies .
they do n't give a god damn about keeping clients happy because most clients are told which insurance they 're getting from their group policy at work .
just build rod into spellbinders now if you like the early game damage .
yeah it sucks to have to hold onto enough gold to get the rod in the early game but for like 350 less gold you get more damage than oblivion orb gave you .
also spellbinders is definitely more powerful of a completed item than morellos .
it does suck not getting the extra hp and grievious wounds if you need it though .
but 10 movespeed is also very much overlooked and can be amazing on ryze
if you saw a someone you would n't really have a choice but to accept that they exist .
so in other words everyone automatically gets into heaven no matter what ?
everyone who accepts the existence of god gets into heaven everyone sees god when they die and everyone who sees god accepts he exists so logically everyone must get into heaven .
do you still feel like the most happy man in the world ? ''
which troll from r/tennis got to ask the question ?
before anyone gets too conspiracy theorist about the us or russia creating a civil war ... if they did it 's something they have been doing for many years .
marudo is literally getting fatter while his country is starving .
mandroid echostar went on tour with megadeth and are really good .
also i ca n't give metal recs without mentioning gojira .
when i left i fell back on christianity immediately .
and then decided that i should do my due diligence researching the doctrine like i had done with mormonism .
and unfortunately i found a lot of the same problems .
unreliable contradictory scriptures written hundreds of years after jesus lived and some clearly fabricated .
i learned about how fucked up the crusades were and the other sick things that were done in the name of christianity .
the problem is once you see one house of cards fall you realize that none of them stand on their own .
impact and mlw do n't seem to mind sharing talent and court bauer did seem to indicate he would be forging more official alliances in the near future .
i do n't see him signing on with roh/cmll/njpw after what just happened with rush so impact/aaa might be the most likely group for them to join .
i 'd say a mix of that the housing crisis and geographical remoteness would play a part ...
also amsterdam is probably more attractive to most people than dublin .
i only have chest legs and boots so i have to buy 3 more pieces .
have had two separate buy offers in for 3 pieces of torva gloves/boots for 13mil each for about 12 hours hoping to get lucky .
border security is not the issue for illegal immigrants .
the overwhelming majority of immigrants here illegally are overstaying their visas .
illenium x saidthesky in your wake more melodic dubstep but still great nonetheless
i assume simple was a typo but i am curious as to what the intended word is !
cod as a series has always been focused on the casual player base and giving them a chance to do well without putting in the time so they keep playing .
if it is predictable then good players will manipulate it to their advantage think about all the spawn camping on the older titles a casual player does n't want to play a game where that happens so cod introduced revenge spawns spawning the guy who got killed close enough to his killer that he can run up and kill him from behind revenge spawns have been around since mw2 and exist in this game but they are n't enough since good players abuse them i do it all the time kill someone move two feet and wait two seconds and guy will come back thinking you are in the old spot so you kill him again rinse and repeat so they must have added a randomness to spawns that was really apparent in cod wwii so that good players ca n't predict when they will flip and sometimes when they flip they will flip for one or two spawners and flip back .
it is an intentional design so that good players ca n't abuse the spawn system to build kill streaks .
i think most people will fly it on alpenwolf 's cold war server where viggens are in my opinion and experience the best fighter in town .
if i see a farmer pass me i 'm going up up up and the farmer wo n't be able to keep up .
sure but if you are writing in english you do n't use a specific dialect you use either american english or british english .
edit unless of course the character is talking and is using that dialect then it 's totally fine .
1 two arrows and a circle make a toilet with antifreeze in it ?
ok i might just check it out to see if i learn anything also thanks for commenting
5 cms with at least two on the bench as well .
i think elon trademarked that for an upcoming joint venture .
i still like seeing those words scroll by even though i graduated a long time ago .
man if talanji was the boss fight and she died instead and the king had to watch as his daughter became an eternal servant of the only thing keeping him alive that would be have been really cool .
or off the rocks by point pleasant i have better luck on the north side but that 's just me .
all the tog have probably gone deep but sea bass will still be around .
i 'm not sure when winter flounder season opens but they 'll be around too .
this is wholesome and all but why tf they waited to do that for weeks ?
hardboiled eggs in 4 minutes more like 10 tbh but you can cook a slew of other things too
to piggyback on this op you mentioned x1 but the 900f has the x1e which is an even better soc and can handle dolby vision unlike the x1 found in the 900e .
the processor does a phenomenal job upscaling and processing video content but the actual raw horsepower of the mediatek chipset in the tv is a little lackluster .
fortunately sony has update these tvs to android oreo and has vastly improved performance for navigating the menus starting up apps etc .
i am going to need a bigger sock drawer !
i dont have any suggestions but lake havasu is so fucking beautiful and im so happy you are there !
well the north will be ruled by one of jon sansa bran or arya ... .depending who survives .
and obviously if jon survives and becomes king or something or if jon dies then sansa would take over etc .
bran said he ca n't be lord of winterfell anymore i mean he can but this imo means sansa would take winterfell over bran and definitely over arya .
if he survives he 1000 will be legitimized and rule storm 's end .
otherwise the only person currently shown that could is maybe davos since he 's been hand to two kings .
the riverlands will belong to edmure if he is still alive or one of catelyn 's children sansa bran or arya .
honestly it makes the most sense for sansa to take over the riverlands riverrun .
the westerlands is jamie tyrion and cersei depending on who survives .
personally i do n't see any chance cersei survives .
and tyrion is clearly the best leader in the show .
but its probably not even likely that jamie survives either .
if tyrion survives he 's gunna run some shit just do n't know where .
the tyrells are all gone as well as the other tarlys .
sam is the highest person alive in the reach once you get passed the nw vows .
the vale is robyn 's until he 's killed or something .
they probably wo n't even show anything with him .
you can just assume he 's nothing more than a pawn that sides with the north/riverlands for all things .
because the showrunners clearly do n't give a single fuck about dorne .
iron islands will depend on who survives out of yara euron and theon .
if none do they 'll have a kings moot .
out of all these people who would vote against tyrion ?
maybe edmure and euron if he survives thats it .
i mean obviously dany and jon are both more likely to be king/queen but if both die ?
especially after you consider cersei is the queen right now and he heirs are jamie and tyrion .
even that 's not so black and white because the foreskin contains the majority of the nerve endings in the penis whereas the clitoris actually continues much further under the skin than the part which is seen and which is removed in clitoridectomy which is essentially the tip .
fgm does n't always remove the ability to orgasm and circumcision can make a man unable to orgasm in some cases .
they 're really not that easy to compare in terms of severity since everyone 's genitals are different .
in that case i believe you would use tell .
petey from the top of the circle book it .
did you use it before you went to bed ?
actually the tweet is incorrect as he had 155 buckets altogether in the last 5 games field goals fts .
the title is misleading as well because fts are always unassisted and more than half of the buckets were fts in that stretch 79 to be precise .
now you know how your parents felt when you were born.
this way you can just 1c blob pretty much any color other than green and still one shot any god .
a3 has a ton of gods so this makes the run really fast .
it 's like how the best verse teams during ranking dungeons can sweep most floors with any color .
i 'm 55 and still have my stuffed dragon puppet and my stuffed toy crab ... never too old in my book !
you manage to totally find the smoking gun variable that nobody else has noticed and scientists also totally have not took into account .
not some random know it all chump on the internet .
a cows tail is always bring up the rear ...
this dude said choke a bear till it taps out 😂
this is a great list but it does n't exactly describe the means of managing those conditions or whether post-viability inducing labor or performing a c-section would be an option .
i imagine that 's what op 's nurse is claiming that no matter what a doctor could always as a last resort just cut into a woman and remove the baby .
it 's in between seasons right now but my hero academia is an amazing show to get into .
i and most others that have seen the show would say it 's a cut above most other shonen .
no giant robot fights but a great show nonetheless .
it starts out a bit slow but i think you 'll either be hooked by the end of season 1 or the midpoint of season 2 .
i 've been making great progress throughout the years and do see the effects it has on myself and others .
abstaining is not the most popular opinion but i encourage it no doubt !
also i think it was a hit from hunwick that injured marc savard and caused him to retire ... basically chiarelli lost savard and hunwick for cohen .
but when i dream about getting fucked by an alien im coming to you about it
according to my past experience this isnt a good new tbh xd .
i was a cleaner for a chalet/caravan park and i went to clean a chalet following a check-out .
the guests had covered all of the faucets the toilet and the shower head with tin foil .
i was mopping the bathroom floor but the water was just pooling around the drain .
i tried to plunge it but it would n't go down .
i pulled back the drain cover and the drain had been stuffed with tin foil .
i think i still have photos on an old phone somewhere .
if i can find them i 'll link them in
peta kills more animals in their shelters due to lack of space and funds than people outside peta
i can love women 's tennis and say it 's bad that someone who could n't win at a challenger event a few months ago is in this position
your post will be removed without warning if it does not follow the rules https www.reddit.com/r/airsoftmarket/comments/a3lr01/official_rules_120518_important_changes .
do you have a handwritten timestamp with everything pictured linked separately ?
to avoid dealing with banned or unqualified users do not deal with anyone unless they comment on your thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/airsoftmarket if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm sorry it 's gon na be okay my dude
buried inside the wall of comments lies this little nugget of truth .
venezuela is going through a coup that was instigated by the us to counter competing interests .
the problem with game theory is this treating countries like chess pieces in a game means eventually there will be a loser .
that means the victor in the end will have to look at themselves and will most likely boil from the inside .
dont mind if he 's a little pricey cos luckily i got the coins and i 'm building a new bundesliga team which could be promising especially since i did joelinton yesterday too
my professor specifically mentioned the ostfront as being too large of a topic to cover .
in lieu of covering the entire ostfront he said that we could pick a specific battle/engagement to cover
if anything was going to happen it would 've happened by now .
i did notice that the beginning is difficult because you can only recruit from free folk villages and those troops are bad .
unrelated but i have that same pencil and it 's the best thing since sliced bread !
the only fish i care about is my fish bitey .
he 's got to beat newman 's fish in the underground siamese fish fight .
but if you really want to help you can go hose off uncle leo 's car in the alley .
jerry i do n't feel like playing charades elaine i 'm busy training my fish .
marines destroying weapons and retreating is hardly they 'll all be dead in a matter of weeks ''
if you want a fantasy series thats actually finished you could probably read all 13 or so books in the wheel of time series before wow comes out .
you should never ever ever get online and preach again .
people are the exact same they were 1000 years ago you fucking psycho .
grow the fuck up and stop whining so much .
you 've been given opportunity most everyone from the past 20,000 years could only dream of .
you 're a loser and we did n't do it .
i do n't disagree which is why i 've been trying to find some objective history on the topic .
this is the podcast i 've been listening to .
i originally got into it because i visited venezuela on business maybe 15 years ago and really really like simon boulivar down there .
it seemed like a natural thing to study since i knew nothing about it .
a few dozen podcasts later and we 're working our way through south america haiti and now mexico .
also most people from the us do n't know anything about anywhere .
i mean it happens to me when my underwear like rolls up on itself and in becomes kinda like a thong .
might need you to jump in and help me out .
yeah but how are you getting level 35 shit when you 're already at 72 ?
would n't that gun be kinda lame considering the enemies are level 72 or higher also ?
damn man effigies are like the only drops i care about lol
i 've been corrected on my usage of the term true to size .
go to the mall and try on a pair of converse and order the same size that fits you .
this is why the wildy course is my favorite the odd pker encounter will be the most exciting thing that 'll ever happen while training agility .
do n't panic but can u please read about huntington 's disease and lmk if that sounds like u ?
it would be nice to get another goal this period to cover for our notoriously weak 2nd period play
unless you count the sparks 2014 with the the kings .
back to back l 's in the world series too
you can find our rules here https www.reddit.com/r/ketorecipes/wiki/index and the keto faqs here https www.reddit.com/r/keto/wiki/faq .
please be sure to include a detailed recipe in your post this means ingredients directions and plain text or in the comments not a link to the recipe or it will be removed per the sub rules !
please report any rule-violations to the moderators and keep doing the lard 's work !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ketorecipes if you have any questions or concerns .
i think you 're forgetting that she 's a youtuber now so her target audience is about 15 and high school girls who spend their time watching vloggers love that stuff !
i 've actually been watching her series and i like it she talks a little about her experience being on her own and navigating being famous when she was still a teenager and i think it 's sweet .
honestly she 's always seemed to me like she was protected from a lot of the things wrong with gymnastics because she was so normal so her perspective comes off a little fake these days .
people who do n't like her are of course valid but i personally enjoy her content not for the gymnastics but just because i like her .
i meant i 'm developing muscle spasms ans nervous ticks mention to my doc and he seemed worried so next visot ima ne lole gim me them blues !
birds scream at the top of their lungs in a horrified hellish rage every morning at daybreak to warn us all of the truth but sadly we do n't speak bird '' cobain
it works best on a fire tv or apple tv .
i mean this guy at 17/18 was into 13/14 year olds which is a red flag to me .
it reminds me of one of those cartoon characters when they get blown out of their shoes .
what 's difficult is this is a topic where the left and the right flip on government intervention
i would argue with that the left is arguing that it 's a governing bodies responsibility to provide safe access to abortion keeping in line with their traditional values .
reminds me of when super mario climbs up the poles and jumps off on 64 .
someone needs to add those sounds to the vid .
it 's always sad seeing a tl fanboy lurking in the c9 sub thinking he actually knows what he 's talking about .
still have n't addressed being wrong about the dive btw .
yep right afterwards you 're adding weight into your body .
you will evaporate that through the skin or pee during the following hours so in the end you return to the same weight .
nah ... he never really liked trump but he did make a conscience choice to provide assistance to the candidate who hade n't threatened to drone him '' .
i still think he 's a russian cut-out either willingly or unwittingly .
the difference is people losing their lively hoods and their reputations being irreparably damaged .
more than likely ... but please take this shit to ices sub
i 'm kind of fascinated with this alt right youtuber boxing/mma match drama between a moderate alt righter and a crazy insane alt righter
in my applications i use the europass cv as a quick summary of what i 've done whereas the motivational/personal letter is the one where i highlight the parts that i think are relevant to the company .
has landed me quite a few interviews and positions .
i sometimes do some small adjustments in the cv for different companies if i think some parts might be negative/neutral e.g .
highlight some details of my cannabinoid research for lab-positions whereas i 'll just quickly mention i 've done research for pharmacy-positions .
the most annoying thing ever for me was having to first send in a cv then fill in their online form exactly the same then send in a personal letter then have some sort of skill-test and after that fill in some personalized questions that had basically the same content as my personal letter .
so much work for that position though i know it was a popular one with good pay good advancement options and a 4 year guaranteed place .
can someone please enlighten me on this idiot 's ted speech ?
jar jar was a poor writing choice and anakin was a poor casting choice .
it 's not the actors who deserve the hate .
i saw that too that they hired a film crew to follow them around to show the making of the fyre festival '' i do n't think they were acting bc the douche factor '' true character of billy grant ja really showed through !
you can carry so hard in gold/plat/diamond if you are a semi decent mei do not even need aim really good wall placement is usually enough .. problem is many teams tend to whine/give up when they see you picking mei .
i 'm sporting a 75 win rate this season last season i had like 65 over a lot more games .
quit thinking to yourself that there 's anything shameful about it !
there are just judgemental gays who need you to be just like them .
should have known not to catch monsters in low rank then lol .
i hope they would just remove the battery icon and just keep the percentage .
hey would love a part list if you dont mind .
have a 30 kicktail cruiser with caliber trucks and some kegels .
seems to be the perfect donor and ive never built a board .
take a different path in my schooling to more radially go into a different field .
its obvious as to why the artist created this .
there 's not so subtle boob press involved so obviously those two are just platonic .
last year i did some attackers but i alwasy change my attackers this year i 'd like to do a solid midfielder because there 's normally less choice .
slippery slope is hier niet echt toe te passen denk ik als dat überhaupt ooit kan andere discussie .
maar vanuit dezelfde hoek vind ik dit toch een slecht idee sommige ministers schat ik echt niet in staat om zelf op eigen houtje wetten aan te passen of in te trekken '' en niet omdat ik denk dat ze kwaad in de zin hebben maar omdat onze ministers niet altijd verstand hebben van waar ze mee bezig zijn .
het aantal wetten dat sneuvelt is best hoog dus ministers dit zonder controle laten doen lijkt me een recept voor chaos .
en hoe ga je afvangen dat twee ministers elkaar in de weg kunnen zitten met hun zelfbedachte ideetjes ?
lijkt me eigenlijk best wel interessant om te horen wat iedereen in de kamer hiervan vind .
zal wel weer gouwe ouwe links vs rechts worden maar wie weet misschien is er wel nuance .
he 's gon na turn out like souness in 20 years time
did he explain why he got that instead of zhonyas ?
einen so langen artikel zum thema patriarchale rollenbilder zu schreiben ohne irgendeine erwähnung des ösv und seines derzeitigen umgangs mit anschuldigungen zu sexueller gewalt ist aber auch eine kunst .
i want to say you 're a dick for saying that but i honestly feel bad because i ca n't say i do n't agree with you .
i doubt gtav have as advanced calculations when it comes to penetration ricochets bullet fragmentation etc as eft .
so purely speculation from my side but moving object would have a bigger impact in eft than it would in gta
that 's what gets me about this whole thing is how far it actually got .
so lem me get this straight ... a pakistani man who was 20 years older meets this young woman on a class trip overseas while she was still in high school and chats her up .
they keep in touch all the way up to the point where she decides to drop out of stanford .
and which is when she starts a company where she has a rudimentary grasp at best as a sophomore dropout on how this particular field worked .
meanwhile this man was purported to be a former tech entrepreneur in the 90 's somehow cashed out right before the tech bubble burst and made a fortune .
you mean to tell me there are pictures all over the internet with tech moguls and big names in silicon valley of how they were just starting out dating back from the 60s/70s/80s/90s ... but somehow if you google this guy ramesh sunny balwani there are no images of this dude from 7 years ago let alone the 90s ?
the whole thing is straight out of a trutv doc or msnbc fraud special .
since the requirement is n't set of a specific number just any number in general appearing 5 times the first roll is irrelevant .
the chances of the next 4 matching that one however is 1/20 4 or 0.000625
no man god clearly just wanted to make necessary for women to put their fingers in males ' anus but just a bit .
i knew it after the dc save was obvious they 'd tie these plot lines together it 's a very big blockbuster thing to do .
we all just want to be loved do n't worry .
because the cartoon does n't make any sense as per the title .
this year we will see the co-branded promotions read their .
i have only taken really small doses of it and only a couple of times .
after learning about the nasty come down and withdrawal period from reading peoples experiences i threw it out .
none though i 've had a beldum spawn in the middle of nowhere randomly .
in jojo part 6 one character has a regular ass gun and another character has the ability to split objects into two copies and instantly recombine them at her leisure which makes them physically zoom into each other at high speed .
so at one point when the heroes are in deep shit character a pulls out gun character b splits a bullet into two copies they fire one of the bullets into the distance character b holds the copy of the bullet in her hand tight hugs everyone and recombines the bullets .
since she 's holding onto one copy of the bullet the entire group zooms miles away instantly .
hmm maybe our boy asmodai 's gon na say that he 's pretending to be sara 's lover and in that way she can drink his essence in a natural way perhap ?
and it would be so persuasive to please lucifer and make sara sad
i 'd try to find somewhere where you can try some on .
i ended up getting recommendations online and the set i got was too big for my head .
they slide off and get caught on my pony tail a lot !
i remember them being able to plough through virtually any unit without issue .
due to the high amount of spam currently affecting r/overwatch we are temporarily removing posts of accounts that do not reach a minimum comment karma threshold .
please contribute to the subreddit via comments and discussion first before posting submissions .
we do n't disclose the exact amount but commenting and sharing around reddit will help .
we ask each new submitter to gain the karma required before submitting regardless of content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch if you have any questions or concerns .
when it 's outside of the mother and is viable then you consider it a child .
before then it 's no more a child than some flour without sugar or eggs is a cake .
it 's missing some fundamental components to be considered a being in it 's own right .
deposited lvl 1surskit in dive ball requesting bulbasaur d than you 3
someone convinced me of something similar before i decided to do it .
at what a monumental fuck up the tory rule has been for the past decade .
as opposed to the monumental fuck up the labour rule was for the decade before that .
deregulation leaving us hopelessly exposed to the us credit crisis brown did n't cause the 2008 crash but he left us more exposed than we needed to be
handling the 2004 eu expansion in such a way that it gave oxygen to ukip and far right groups .
a series of tough on crime tough on the causes symptoms of crime '' legislation crime reduction correlated far better with police funding and efficacy than new legislation .
i think it really depends on where in the us you live .
the cost of living varies greatly between the big cities and rural areas .
i looked hard at windows devices when i looked for a new laptop but decided on the pixelbook .
i do n't need anything windows offered more than what was available i love using the same apps as on my phone making synchronization and sharing easy .
chromeos is reliable you dont waste time with configuration updates and other nonsense unlike windows .
the pixelbook is extremely well made and compact for anyone who needs an ultra portable device .
the screen is beautiful and lends itself to productivity due to the format .
i love the 2 in 1 functionality of the pixelbook .
i bought a 20 dollar lenovo stylus for it and it works very well .
i travel a lot live abroad mobility and fucntionality is key to me .
makes the workflow so much easier between pixelbook and phone and documents i need to share with my wife .
i did n't see what windows could bring to the table .
similar devices to the pixelbook are actually more expensive on windows .
i dont want to pay annual fees to use office .
i dont have a windows phone or windows apps on my phone .
have it for more than a year now and it works like a charm .
question for james you mentioned an interest in japanese jazz '' and i was curious as to what you listen to ?
jazz is my favourite kind of music i listen to a lot of the big band stuff from people like frank sinatra bobby darin and louis prima and i 'd like to find as much to listen to as possible since jazz is n't exactly very popular .
i find a lot of nintendo games have great jazz pieces mario 3d world mario kart 8 smash bros donkey kong country etc .
and would love to hear more stuff like that .
this argument makes no sense a lot of things take away time from their kids .
as a sex worker you have even more ways to make time for your kid .
than doctors nurses soldiers and teachers are also way less suitable as parents according to your argument .
this post has been removed due to improper title tagging .
due to automod restrictions all posts are required to have a tag in the title .
please resubmit your post beginning with one of the most relevant bracketed words in the title .
for more information please see the post types and flairs page .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/streetwear if you have any questions or concerns .
the new time thief deck with a pk engine is pretty decent super fun and most importantly are budget .
some nonessential extra deck monsters like borrelsword are expensive but other than that it 's cheap .
have you read the girl with the dragon tattoo ?
so wait the picture is for us to be wary of him ?
if they told us that earth 's gravity was 20m/s/s and that pi was 4.0 i 'd have some questions .
secondly they are far more advanced than we are we are infants in our understanding of our universe .
first off it 's fiction ... . set in our universe .
even in canon that has been established many times .
and lastly you or any other fans do n't even know what the signals are if natural or artificial created by even more so advanced technology and species .
if it 's light traveling faster than light they need to mention that because it 's important strange and weird .
with what i assume is a basic understanding of physics and quantum mechanics you still write a comment to try and call the writers lazy ?
they are ignoring the speed of light or not communicating to their audience that it 's more than a typical plot hole .
you did n't even take the time to analyze your topic and went at it with out all the data .
i need to analyze the topic '' of light having a speed of 1 light year per year and not 30,000 light years per year ?
but did n't blizzard release the classic version of wow ?
and if so are people just moving to level 70 instead and playing on private servers ?
please let micaiah stay as one of the winners .
please if we get another camilla and no micaiah my interest for both cyl and the game will die almost instantly ...
you just made me question if the iron maiden version was a cover .
i worked at a grocery store for years and very frequently i would just get 1 bun from the bakery a small roma tomato from produce and a couple slices of meat from the deli .
usually the staff room fridge would have condiments available and i 'd make a sandwich .
well you ca n't upgrade a nw macbook so either from apple or a external drive
leaves us only with checking saturn and media markt since they tend to break street date quite often
watched the whole thing but why tf is it here ?
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that any unserious content in this thread will be met with infraction point s https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_point_system.3a .
if your comment does not contribute to the discussion in a serious manner it will be removed .
please report any comments that do not respect this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
a lot of times there is room for improvement in the plays that went your way .
but demolish is so good for getting early plates .
there are still daily weekly and monthly challenges that get played also
true the rep gang no longer have the vocabulary or interpretive skills to read a william safire article .
i would advise you to end this friendship '' and move on .
would you do it for both holo and fg inverts ?
please make sure to upvote well written unpopular/controversial opinions and downvote badly written opinions or popular opinions .
please note that we are currently removing all political opinions as part of a trial period .
if your post is political and was not caught in the filter please post it in the politics megathread at the top of the sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
in that case judge his character/behavior from last week .
if nothing stands out or makes you worried you should be alright
not exactly the same but phoebe bridgers has an album that has been fucking me up like the feeling i used to get listening to elliott records for the first time
immediate crowd update just heard a ca film crew intern call patterson peterson .
he took all the right precautions to bond with his son he is not ta .
his son by his post has challenges with attention and impulse control as well as possible depression/mania though i 'm skeptical about these as bipolar is exceptionally rare in 12-year-olds and a developmental disability .
we do n't know if and to what level the kid 's symptoms are being managed or treated .
it 's not just possible but probable that the kid would need additional accommodations to engage in such activities safely .
it 's possible that extra support would n't be needed but we certainly do n't have any reason to think so as you seem to claim .
if i have the 60 by sunday ill preorder it since school just started so i dont want to jump the gun yet
nice fake ass screenshot u posted ur own proof against you
i 'm sort of in the same space and what i 'm saying to myself is that a nicer piece can be amortized over many years vs crap that falls apart looks hodge podged .
for instance i need a console/media center/buffet type piece 1,000 at cb2 or i can buy two pieces at targer for 250 each except every write up was how hard it is to put them together .
if i end up paying 100 for a handyman to put each piece together i 'm out 700 plus it looks weird to have two pieces of furniture side by side vs one piece that is the perfect measurement .
i do n't know if that helps but it 's how my brain is justifying this expense !
i see but they are only half of what i get but ill make do .
contract gigs are much better than in-house you get to set the hours you work .
for a 1 year gig i 'd ensure that i always work on a strict schedule and that my team knows that for example i begin working at 9 and stop at 5 .
it 's important that you maintain a defined work-life balance and your employers are informed .
you might also need to start looking into tax and insurance if that 's something you 're not familiar with .
this is a longer contract so it 's best to discuss with an accountant now to avoid unexpected tax surprises later .
tell them to end the trump shutdown now without funding for the wall .
also never buy into the martial sports are designed for the ring our martial arts are designed for the streets . ''
all the pressure points eye gouges finger breaks foot stomps etc do n't really work in real life .
here is a ufc champion and bouncer bas rutten explaining why on the joe rogan show https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=kd_obd5denk .
the rules of ufc really do n't change the outcome of the fight anyways .
here is a former pro fighter and current mma coach explaining the rules and why they still show who is a better fighter https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3zvs8tvj_mw
the closest thing you can do to prepare for an actual fight i was a bouncer/security in college so i got into my fair share is to actually go against someone who wants to hit choke you .
you do that in bjj mma muay thai kickboxing boxing wrestling and sambo .
all my experience in tkd did n't do a lick of good but my time in rugby and bjj helped .
as for gun defense please refer to this video on why most gun defenses are also bullshit https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=90p4xdwlpgo
glimpsing at your comment history your preferred tactic seems to be talking down to people and behaving as if you exist on some higher plane of reality .
you like stating contrary opinions to get a rise then act high and mighty when people disagree .
you usually try to end things on a pseudo-biting quip probably to get a point '' in before leaving to talk down to someone else .
those properties on the shield are for equipping a bot .
as a human player you get more out of shoves when using the shield .
and parry because when you 're a shove-crazy shield user it can be very easy to run out of stamina .
on the neck i 'd swap out block cost reduction for aoe damage reduction .
i still prefer two-handed axe you can truly blitz with that thing 's fast overheads .
but after running a number of hfbs+vanguard deeds i 've come to appreciate the potential of the axe+shield .
the talent that gives temp hp when gromril armor is broken combined with the new barkskin trait really lets you get aggressive with trading blows on ib so give that a try too .
when you 've got barkskin and the damage reduction from the ult you can run headlong into patrols and come out with barely a scratch note still do the dodge thing
your summary is fine especially since you 're applying for an admin position .
i saw a video of srv on a squier .
it 'll be really interesting seeing conor take a more friendly approach
they gave me the flu shot at basic still got the cold plague and bronchitis .
adding to your point a little they originally made it much more clear apparently that the night 's king was intentionally luring the dragons north of the wall source https www.reddit.com/r/asoiaf/comments/7eikyj/spoilers_production_i_went_through_the ? utm_source=reddit-android
in the books however alysanne was unable to get her dragon to go north of the wall .
so i do n't think this is possible in the books .
one of my sub boys was asked to be a sperm donor for a lesbian couple in berkeley .
he was 19 at the time the couple in their early 30 's .
they wanted to do everything at home and avoid doctors and hospitals at this point .
on a preplanned schedule he would go over to their house have dinner and then go into a back room and jack off into a turkey baster .
the baster was then inserted into the recipient by her partner .
this was repeated several times until it was successful .
they were interested in my boy because he was at the time a college honors student who had been jumped two grades to get out of high school two years early .
the agreement made was that he would have no say in the rearing of the child but was welcome to visit .
exactly they do n't like doin that they be one sided as shit on here
but courts do n't deal with right and wrong .
in this case everyone seems to realize that they 're gon na follow the law but make sure it hurts her as little as possible .
i would n't be surprised if it turned out community service '' ended up being playing with the puppies at the local humane society .
here they are performing fire and rain '' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=chv3yf_nnss .
yeah i was going to say the elac debut 's .
they can get pretty low but not as loud .
if you 're into diy the overnight sensations and c-note can get down pretty low .
send it up is a top 5 ye song for me good hot take tho
i 'm confused as to what part of that you felt was quote-worthy
first off i 'm aware of kvds controversy and do n't support any of her beliefs .
i do however own her products and i will use them until they run out .
secondly i 'm trying to sort out what look i 'm going for next saturday when i go out .
i 'm thinking go big or go home so increasing the amount of blush i have on but i like the intensity of the eyes .
this is the same article being discussed here https www.reddit.com/r/csharp/comments/ajfyql/what_do_you_think_of_the_new_pattern_matching fwiw .
dig a shaft directly into magma sea using road-dar to bypass the caverns http dwarffortresswiki.org/index.php/df2014 exploit dwarven_road-dar .
use it for both garbage dumping and as a pit to throw captives in 100 fatality rate and no body parts to clean up afterwards .
i do n't know where you read anything about playing lands and passing .
you can try and interact as much as you want the game is still often over before 5 drops do anything which is often around turn 7 if you 're not curving perfectly to have them drop on turn 5 and you have to wait a turn for lifelink to actually do anything .
if the deck 's working that well for you against mono red great .
7 games is n't enough to start claiming 90-10 winrates and neither i nor the other guy responding to my comment had experiences anywhere near that but maybe just you 're just an infinitely better player .
i scrub my skin with baking soda and rinse with apple cider vinegar and so should everyone ! ''
like if that works for them that 's whatever but i 'm still gon na tell them it 's stupid and there 's no scientific reason why that would be a good idea .
what is ousting maduro going to help with that ?
i was thinking paxton lynch that one works as well though .
could you also send one to me as well thank you !
r/videos requires that your account be older than 7 days in order to submit content here .
this is a spam-prevention method and can not be waived .
please feel free to submit once your account is over 7 days old .
you may also want to consider our minimum karma requirement of at least 10 of each type explained here https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/204511829-what-is-karma so that you do n't run into any further issues .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
for some reason i ca n't reload the samurai form the inventory
dude i was so hyped for the dark young .
remember that a 50 ohm dummy load will look great on a meter but i 'm curious as to how your rx/daily use compares .
not knocking your assessment by any means just trying to get a real world report .
if that nmo stick works well thats pretty friggin ' awesome .
i 've been thinking of getting one of his antennas and running it on a ground plane base kit .
funny you should say that its one of my most memorable moments regarding the manga !
i still refuse to finish the last 10 chapters out of principle .
i have now uploaded it as my first creation on thingiverse
✋excuse me sir ✋👏but 👏👉is that original post you made 👉right there 👉loss ❓☝now hold on ☝😡it might sound ridiculous 😡😤but bare with me here .
😤👀you see 👀 there 's 4️⃣ panels ☝let 's count them ☝ 1️⃣ 2️⃣ 3️⃣ 4️⃣ panels ❗️❗️✋and you know what else has 4️⃣ panels ❓😤that 's right 😤😡loss does ❗️😡 👇but i 'm not done yet 👇 👀you see 👀👉in the first panel 👉☝there is ☝ 1️⃣ object 👈 positioned slightly to the left .
👈 😡should i even continue ❓😡😤i guess i will 😤😒as you still do n't understand .
😒 😲i should clarify this is a level 5 loss meme 😲🙄so i do n't expect you to understand it .
🙄 💁‍ anyways 💁‍ ✌️ in the second panel ✌️👀there are 2️⃣ objects 👀👉next to each other 👉 👇with one being slightly below the other .
👇☝ in the 3️⃣rd panel ☝ ✌️another 2️⃣ objects are present ✌️ 🙌right next to each other .
🙌 👆 finally 👆 there are yet again 2️⃣ objects 👆 🤙 which form an l shape .
🤙 👀everything looks like it 's adding up 👀😤therefore😤😡it has to be loss ❗️❗️😒you need to make it less obvious next time 😒🙄if you want it to be more funny .
... so now op has downloaded php that has possibly been mitm attacked .
but hey if op insists on getting it there ...
as a life long oilers fan ... ..yea bout to drive to edmonton and join the protests .
do you even know what turned a new leaf means ?
he saw an opportunity for comfort and he took it .
ok but bad relative to most points in the nba .
the problem is all the people aoc is inspiring who are going to run for office and win and build coalitions and change shit .
she is n't a monolith but she and bernie sanders and abdul el-sayed out of michigan and the other democratic socialists who are gaining momentum and supporters are going to be that monolith .
i do n't know if bernie ever thought he was going to become president .
i do n't know if this was his plan in an obi wan kenobi strike me down and i shall become more powerful than you can ever imagine '' kind of way .
he got up there and he kicked down doors and barriers and took back the slanderous words the right concocted .
i just do n't understand how this would help any insurgents .
edit when i made this post this morning none of the government enforcement agents admitted to flying the plane .
thank you so much for your descriptions of the cinemas !
it 's strange how that works because usually it 's something totally new that was never in the machine before .
they 've had to realize how much they 've screwed up w zlatan .
from here on out you 're going to face him in pretty much every game
can still be overclocked fairly well and wont give issues to most decent boards .
have 2 of them in my intel build and one in my brother 's ryzen .
i think half the reason there is such a backlash over the new style is the fact that back in the early days a lot of us me included .
put a lot of energy into defending their heavy metal credentials
and after all those years of defending them as a pioneering heavy metal band they go and turn themselves into a pop/rock band
it 's only natural to feel a little bit disappointed
i still remember how crazy the shows used to be when jona was in the band that shit was mad
unfortunately your submission has been removed because your comment karma is not high enough or your account is too new .
this filter is in effect to minimize spam and trolling from new accounts .
please do not message us there are no exceptions for this .
if you 're a new user you 'll have to make some comments and interact with the community then try again .
please see the rules in the sidebar or by clicking here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cars if you have any questions or concerns .
purity doesnt matter not once did i say anything about purity because its my culture and ancesty that i am proud of
the guidelines you mention shoot for a roughly 18.1:1 water to coffee ratio for brewed coffee .
that is more water than i brew with i usually do 14:1 or 15:1 so 1 l of coffee would be more like 67 70 grams of coffee .
i do n't use an auto drip machine and do almost only pourovers these days .
my normal brews are either 300 ml of water to 20 g coffee or 390 ml of water to 25.5 g coffee 15.3:1 and i will do that maybe 3-4 times a day so probably 80-100 grams of coffee a day 40-50 fl oz a day .
if i make espresso i normally make a double shot using 18-20 g of coffee .
replace one of my pourovers with one of those double shots if so .
so i actually think the coffee you 're making would be a little weak for me but you say it tastes strong which could mean you 're maybe overextracting and drawing out more bitterness or you use darker roasted coffee .
you say 6 cups on your sgp churns out 30 grams .
i do n't know what a cup is in breville-speak but you can change the dosing size on the sgp .
is n't that just the sonic xl rom hack ?
if we are talking to you and take a step back please for the love of god do n't come a step closer !
either you are just too close for our personal comfort or you do n't smell particularly nice that day .
either way we do n't want to be super rude or make a scene just let us step back .
one time this happened to me was so bad .
i took a step back he came after and so on .
we were moving along the walls and basically took three rounds through that big room .
check if the option reflections '' is on in the settings unless you 're rocking an rtx card that alone will murder ur fps that option is basically ray tracing .
if you happened to see some weird graphical artifacts on lucid surfaces then its definitely that option enabled .
if that was made out of plastic i probably could do that 5 times before my arms would get tired from all the up and down .
as u/demayon had mentioned the price of oil and the movement of indexes have been attached at the hip the last few months .
and with how green es is in premarket i would hesitate to enter a short position on oil
as amusing as this was he was barely eating any of the chicken at the end and then spitting out in to the bin .
hit your genital areal with pinaud https www.clubmanonline.com/pinaud-clubman-powder-9-oz.html talcum powder .
and a single overwatch decision does n't matter a player is banned by collective overwatch decisions ..
but what about the case when op is 15 aswell ?
bought or offering rewards '' that do n't exsist .
lmao they are outsourcing immigration security related jobs to fucking foreigners .
even if you think you 're a master fighter you do n't know if they have a knife or a gun in third-world countries america
no i thought you meant that knights were just living their life awaiting the day that they were killed by a young buck .
which would make it like a highlander system of feudalism .
but if you meant that a knight would have to fight in battles and as they got older they would get worse sure .
but knights dont have to fight barring special circumstances or money issues .
i think it was in maxim or something to that effect .
another party that wo n't pass the threshold ¯ ツ ¯
i have the same exact problem with my fh-x730bs !
i am on ios 12.1.3 pandora premium 1901.1.1 and pioneer v8.38 .
i have to either skip tracks through my phone or my apple watch which is counterintuitive and dangerous .
i am 100 certain it 's pandora 's issue and not pioneer as it was working fine sometime in november .
once it 's at the buffering '' state the track can not be skipped by the headunit any longer .
it was also in the same format as shock which does an infinitely better job of removing the question of morph .
mtw2 was the last game to have true shock and mass .
i like him a lot but he bombed soooooo badly here .
he 's been a light in my life and i know your theo will be too
it 'll be more expensive in the uk than usa but it 's definitely doable .
depending on how fast you want to go single pilot might not really work so then there 's that expense .
i still do commercial for chicago london hk though it 's harder to get away from commercial the longer your travel is .
well right if they ca n't monetize it it wo n't happen .
i think the main reason is because of smash but it 's probably temporary lol
and hell i know a broad that got a bar and shield on one of her jugs .
fun to ride but i do n't call her a harley either .
the comparison is slightly off due to the use of the ability .
rakan uses w to engage and corki uses w to run away .
as rakan i am most likely going to be moving in line with cc skillshots as opposed to corki moving across them .
i do n't think there 's anything you can do until after the 30 days message changes it is pending a human looking at it .
that is a long period for 30 days but not unheard of i think my record was 8 .
i just learn to be able to tell its them when the ping comes in and avoid them unless its slow and im not doing anything anyway .
some places just have a philosophy that our time does n't matter only food freshness .
god forbid it wait 2 minutes for the driver to park and walk inside .
does it specifically talk about the series or just the three body problem itself ?
i aspire to have a job like that some day .
it might be best to part ways and try to find someone who either has naturally less hair or is already into shaving every inch of her body every day and willing to keep that up forever .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
bulma is like the best female db character so far
that turns out to be a fairly unpopular idea .
according to kaiser support for medicare for all drops to 37 percent if survey takers are told that the bill would eliminate private insurance companies with 58 percent opposed .
in other words americans want access to government insurance but they do n't want to be forced to use it—people prefer optionality .
kaiser finds that 73 percent of adults support creating a national government administered health plan similar to medicare open to anyone but would allow people to keep the coverage they have. this is an idea that in health policy world generally gets referred to as medicare for anyone. the closest thing to it is probably a proposal produced by the center for american progress that would ban private insurers from competing on the individual market and would create strong incentives for employers to move their employees onto the federal plan .
in short single payer is unpopular while multipayer with a public option is very popular .
that 's probably how you fix a lot of those problems .
drink make the call and we 'll sort this out in the morning
im done dnd and running is the most durham thing ive seen yet
if you ca n't purchase it from your pc from what i know you can use the xbox app on windows 10 to play as well with the same k+m support as a normal pc player .
if you have an xbox buy it on that and then transfer to pc once you have one .
looks like slats got dropped from 7 's coverage recently !
plenty of people did warn us when i was a kid and i 'm older than she is .
so why did i and so many other figure it out but she had to have it handed to her ?
if going off his first month he 'd be arguably 1st team .
unfortunately he got hurt and his shot just has n't been falling
the markings on the wings are more consistent with the gaudy sphinx eumorpha labruscae https bugguide.net/node/view/150479/bgpage .
the fact that they control their buoyancy via farts always makes me laugh .
i just exfoliate my skin off with an italy towel until i can longer feel .
if he can duplicate this past season it would be great to lock him up sans any no trade clause .
corbin got a 6 year deal at an average of 23.3m and he 's 29 years old this year .
at some point you 've got to be weary of this freak losing his super hero powers .
at the same time how do you bet against him .
like you said maybe you get a shorter deal .
even if his numbers start to diminish some you 're still going to have an amazing figure in the clubhouse and essentially an extra pitching coach .
maybe add in some mutual options beyond a 3 year deal .
the only way i see verlander going back to detroit is on a one day retirement contract .
or in several years when if his numbers decline drastically and he ca n't give up the game on a cheap contract .
me thinks upton prefers houston if it 's an either/or situation .
with jv i think he 's only going to sign with a team who has a pristine chance of winning a world series .
so i wonder if whether he signs with the astros depends a lot on what the team looks like and/or who they sign this offseason before the trade deadline and next offseason .
stros ' free agent outlook key players for the most part ...
i remember the day my father bought it for me .
i saw it advertised somewhere and he said we could go out and get it .
because the bulls suck they are the best team ?
in mario odyssey you can get a waluigi hat and in its description it says it looks really unused that 's the biggest fuck you to waluigi
it should n't matter if you are in different industries .
trademarks and register trade names are normally restricted to the relevant industry .
one of these days i 'll get around to playing a summoner i swear .
the documentary fyre the greatest party that never happened on netflix was pretty decent .
by-laws now require large barriers in the middle of the parking aisle to prevent walking .
remember che put an s in front of it and add two ms and an el afterwards
if you eat meat try some slices of plain deli turkey .
i notice salty foods are a bit easier for me to eat when i feel this way .
a few slices of turkey is easy to get down as i do n't have to take large bites or have a mouthful of food which sometimes makes me gag when i 'm already not feeling well .
after my stomach settles i can usually eat something more substantial .
also plain white rice with butter and salt is another one of my go toos when i 'm having one of these days .
or a bit more i 'm just looking for a place that is n't like 5 dollar signs but between 3 and 4
because the game has now turned into a zlatan simulator .
that is how every game on pc plays out .
i wonder if you could sue for almost killing someone like this .
just btw ac stands for associazione calcio like fc in english .
they 're referred to as milan and their crosstown rivals are referred to as inter short for football club internazionale milano
now we have people that are paid to serve the public interest .
no due to the fact if there was n't of those things there would be a population boom worse than the one we are already in
influenza resistance and immunity is a very interesting field .
but you 're right quite a few areas in canada got hit hard even 1-2 years after the major pandemic .
you do n't know what street william lives on ?
i dont know why but every time i played with friends we were silent the entire time we played against each other and every time without fail once one lost the battle he would go home in the next 15minutes .
losing tanks in mow feels like losing rocket artillery in coh2 not enjoyable and feels like a personal offense .
worst if the soviets use he on your tanks kill your people inside the tank and drive off with their newly acquired panther .
we couldnt enjoy the game and have fun afterwards .
i 'm a bit hesitant to nominate this because jin is n't here but this highlight vlive of bangtan talking in a whisper .
https www.vlive.tv/video/75096 ? channelcode=fe619 this is just after their last fake love stage/promo and few hours away before releasing ddaeng .
you really articulated all of my thoughts on cooking and they 're just getting into it
you can see the exact timestamp by hovering your mouse over the time since or by getting a pc if you 're a mobile peasant and while you are correct about yours being earlier in that thread none of them are even close to the original this almost certainly is n't either https www.urbandictionary.com/define.php ? term=jacking 20the 20beanstalk
except those with things like gastroparieses or iron deficiencies or protein deficiencies .
i thought there was a video that showed a digger scraping its bucket along concrete in a very open space being the cause of at least one of them .
puttonyos is the unit given to denote the level of sugar and hence the sweetness of hungarian dessert wine called tokaji or tokay .
it is traditionally measured by the number of hods of sweet botrytised or nobly rotted grapes known as aszú added to a barrel of wine but is now measured in grams of residual sugar .
the puttony was actually the 25 kg basket or hod of aszú grapes and the more added to the barrel of wine the sweeter the eventual wine .
firstly i did n't see fifty shades brought up in that article at all am i missing the mention of it ?
secondly why interpret male or female fantasy as explicitly referring to sex ?
these gender stereotypes go beyond that with things like men stereotypically wanting a fast really nice car or a woman stereotypically wanting children .
do you really think the items on that list correlate to events in the books in the ways that the women who 's opinions were used on that list were thinking they would correlate ?
op could have done anything to the kid if he or she was so inclined .
it 's funny how that video of him criticizing trial will never be forgotten and how his series ' will probably always be criticized with people quoting him or perhaps series 12 will be great and we wo n't have reason to criticize we can only hope .
the too silly and childish '' or too violent and adult '' thing is such a weird thing for people to complain about with regards to doctor who imo .
the economy blew up in the 1990s under a capitalist government because they were still hooked on oil .
i 'll remember this post next time i see system of a down .
after acct 300a intermediate i and acct 320 cost accounting the material is generally unfamiliar and a bit tougher to grasp which many people are not expecting or used to and that is why acct 300b intermediate ii is the weeder class .
you can not be lazy in any of these classes and they are much harder than 201 or 202 .
acct 300b while acct 300a covers the asset side of the balance sheet this class covers liabilities and equity .
take good notes read the book and enroll in si if you can .
i have yet to not see anyone pass that did n't put in the work .
i recommend chung her exams are tough but you will learn and thank her for it later .
consolidations are no joke but it is the same with 300b in that if you put in the time it is very doable .
some people find this class harder and some find it easier depends on the person .
acct 351 this class is generally seen as one of the not as difficult accounting courses .
i highly recommend taking grace she only teaches in spring but have also heard good things about lee .
it goes more in-depth into the material and adds new concepts .
similar in difficulty to acct 351 if you take landa do n't take it with anyone else if you have the choice .
acct 470 usually take in your last semester due to impaction .
difference is todd 's exams are 25 straight forward multiple choice questions and zhang is part multiple choice part short answer and part written case .
if you can take this class before your last semester do it .
not exam heavy but group project heavy and it is time consuming .
try to take with friends who you work well with for the project .
it is more like an information systems class with microsoft access and bpmn models than an actual accounting class .
we all know people who take shit too far and have problems
ol ca n't be addicted to marijuana it 's natural headass this is like coaching someone how to become dependent on a substance .
we 'll get around to it one day i 'm sure .
so glad to have you with us fellow interloper !
may your travels be safe and entertaining see you out there
it 's so tragic that they abort their puppies .
i know we have too many homeless animals but this is very hard on a dog who is hormonally prepared to be a mother .
this is why vets wo n't neuter a dog in heat .
literally any time a dog dies or has to be put down in a movie i lose my shit .
love the teasing top hope that 's just the start ...
if it 's hormones and chemicals it 's real though right ?
if you can show where it happens it must be real ...
they are going to the underdark specifically to rescue a halfling .
if we come across and lava-covered grey dwarf fortresses keep caleb 's feet well away from any lava .
sick bastard who the fuck needs this ! ? ''
get yourself like 10 grenade casings and keep spanming radiate like 2-3 times then reconstruct the experimentor if it doesnt dupe or transform .
eventually itll start duping and transforming stuff into cult blades and bioterror grenades .
you mean how it was the other way round with todoroki defeating tetsutetsu if not for being 2 vs 1 by juzo from behind ?
just my opinion on the looks bc i did n't read it at all
use a navy blue tone for the left column black looks too depressing .
i believe a lit of people would just skip your resume bc they 'd have to spend more than 30 seconds on it .
no i did n't beckause my point was referring to the man with the chainsaw so fokus for a bit jhonny kage is much more than just a movie star '' and you know this very well jason does n't fit bekause in the movies from his pov he 's killing viktims that have no chance of fighting back so unless you give the player who plays as jason that vibe then you 've failed at representing the kharacter and this vibe ka n't be achieved in a fighting game unless you 're fighting someone who does n't know what he 's doing so jason does n't fit fighting games in general he belongs in dead by daylight i ca n't say shit about freddy since i did n't watch any of the movies
mkx added 8 kharacters and that sounds enough to me are you implying that not wanting half of the dlc to be random movie kharacters is immature ?
so nrs ca n't get money by making a good fighting game and supporting it ?
they need to resort to guest kharacters in order to make money ?
sorry m8 but if that 's how it works they should just quit making mk games and start making krossovers like super smash bros
amara is a living sword that served original grand celestial emperor in the past now sealed within the depth of naryu treasury .
the sword awakened along with the emperor 's relic as admiral chol mugo sacrificed valindrian lives to channel mystic energy around the ruins .
dokgom ordered by mugo to further investigate the ancient relic eventually reached where the fabled emperor 's sword is sealed within .
upon touching the sword however it encapsulated dokgom in naryu automation and took control of his body hence why amara 's idle dialogues read finally i awaken . ''
the whole fight revolves around dokgom trying to take advantage of ripple in amara 's consciousness in order to bring back the control .
really well themed dungeon with mechanics built around it .
i just wish it was n't part of daily challenge .
with him presumed dead after season 1 and so far away from nyc it 's understandable for most not to recognize him in my opinion
i 'm not sure what i 'm looking at ?
but weeb has we in it so we should embrace that as a communist society
what 's the difference for these companies between paying tax and having their assets seized eh ?
if a normal person tries to avoid tax like a company like amazon does they 'd have the wrath of hmrc to deal with .
if you started giving amazon the option of paying it 's fair share or getting out of the country and thanking it for it 's sacrifice either we end up with protected small businesses owned by british people in britain or we end up with more subsidy money for fighting monopolies to again fund small businesses .
oof did n't they mention making the app smaller ?
2 changing the logo is just dropping properly named png file in custom path .
changing content you need to do it 'by hand ' yes put a customized .tmpl file into the custom path .
but i do n't think that 's too hard .
3 fortunately it 's a single binary program with no lib dependency updating it should be just stop it replace file and start it again .
lots of people sign in america to join the military for lots of reasons .
we did n't sign to get hazed and go through some awful shit in bootcamp but hey shit happens literally .
also if you read the beginning of the post i typed usmc bootcamp .
thats united states marine corps bootcamp not brat camp .
there are lots of people who want to serve and keep their country safe .
some people want to do it because their family member served .
there are people who do it for the benefits .
there are people who has no idea and just joins because they have nothing better to do and no college in their future immediately out of high school .
there are people who do it for the wrong reasons like just for the title or because they think its cool .
ultimately military is supposed to prepare you for war .
if everything is going to be pretty with butterflies flying around where every holds your hand and helps you with everything during bootcamp well let me tell you .
when shit hits the fan you wo n't be prepared .
this is a small sample size but at my office in alpen aan de rijn some people cycle approx 15 20 km one way .
for instance a colleague lives in leiden and happily does it still gets in before 8am non-electric bike too .
in the larger cities i can see it being 1 mile easily but as you move out it i 'm not sure that it would be the case .
fully separate from the roads for cars with dedicated crossings as well .
it just makes it so appealing and it is why most people do it !
how do they separate the men from the boys in the navy ?
i chose one that you could tell in public but oh god are there more ...
i 'm still stuck on the elite zombies i 've been at 75 zombies for the last 2 hours
do n't pick a solution if you do n't know what your requirements are .
we had to deal with this most recently with tyrod taylor .
on one hand he was arguably the best qb we had since bledsoe 13 years ago and got us in the playoffs 17 years but it was clear he was n't the long term solution.we all knew we were going to draft a qb in the draft the issue going into the offseason was are we going to keep him for another year.i myself thought he was a serviceable qb and the bridge to get us to the next guy .
our sub was split with some wanting another veteran and others wanting peterman being the guy this year while we develop who ever we drafted .
as you know we traded tyrod drafted allen signed aj mccarron traded mccarron to oakland started peterman and allen was starting by week 2 .
the point is at the end of the day you have know idea what you front office going to do.the question is what are you going to do if you move on from carr ?
or make a trade for someone like joe flacco ryan tannenhill or blake bortels ?
k but we 're talking about the transportation system as a whole .
and no the system is not just a collection of millions of people 's individual choices .
i used to make 'lemongtons ' at the cafe i managed ... used a lemon cake recipe rolled in semi set lemon jelly before the coconut and filled with whipped cream and lemon curd .
ah it 's so difficult to see watched it from the other angle and it looks like it goes straight up .
all things considered i 'm glad he could get the experience of pens though i 'm sure we 'll have plenty of them in the coming years for him !
i like it man do n't let anyone put you and your grilled cheese down
did you have any contact info like who you are ?
you set up meetings with other people who want to get things done .
in the beginning you tell each other what you would like to get done in the 50 min and then you start working .
after 50 min you tell each other how it went .
for me it is the committing part that helps .
once again you have demonstrated an excellent knowledge of general chart reading .
however in this chart this change in plotting methods the only possible source of misinformation is completely irrelevant for the reasons i and the author went over .
they used multiple different proxies to show agreement that 's the point of having multiple different proxies .
this chart used i would assume conglomerate of proxies all in agreement .
i am beginning to doubt your chart reading ability .
and once again those are n't medians over time they 're medians over sources .
in your analogy i would be the engineer i do n't know what you do but i do n't see how it could be more relevant than collecting and plotting this data .
climate scientists are the people who collect and understand the data .
they plot it accurately and appropriately and it is reviewed by hundreds of other experts .
if you see something wrong with all of the charts it is more than likely simply a misunderstanding on you 're part rather than the entire scientific community 's .
this seems like the dunning-kruger effect in action only about data presentation instead of analysis and inference .
you were more concerned about trust and breaking trust and not concerned that she did n't like you .
edit really was n't expecting disagreement from people on this .
to be clear i 'm commenting on the op 's revealed inner-monologue .
they explain why they felt uncomfortable making a move .
in my opinion not making a move because you 're worried about the other person 's comfort/trust is a great reason .
much better than i think i 'll get rejected .
i have 2x qb288v2 and 2x qb96 elite in the same tent .
your lady looks kind of like mine which is also about one week from being chopped .
i do n't think a cooldown on abilities would fit warframe that well .
warframe is a very fast-paced game and that is part of what makes it fun .
i feel like making the abilities on cooldown would slow down the game a lot .
some levels can even be done in a few minutes and the abilities being energy-based just means that you still get to use your abilities multiple times for the shorter missions as well .
energy is also gotten mostly from killing enemies which insentivises you to keep on fighting even when you run out of energy .
a cooldown system would insentivise hiding or playing very defensivley until your abilities are no longer on cooldown .
i think a soulotion would maybe be reducing the drop-rate of energy orbs wich would also probably be easier for the devs to change .
i am not that much older than you at your age which feels like two lifetimes ago i was still very ambitious and headstrong maybe somewhat like you .
after hitting a brick wall for the umpteenth time i finally accepted i would amount to nothing ... at some point i started looking into things and seeking help in every direction possible .
i finally gave myself over to science and had myself tested on every single possible thing and had myself voluntarily committed ...
it is only then that i realised i had had some form of adhd my whole life a quick summary of adhd and possible treatments or lack thereof finally had me utterly defeated .
i was devastated to the point where even suicide seemed entirely futile ...
luckily i managed with a little help from my friends family patient professionals to pick myself back up and dig deeper into adhd and find out it so much more but also a lot less and much more complicated .
the rabbit hole goes deep very deep ... but it 's getting warmer at this depth and i am doing great better than i ever have before and thanks to nothing else but science and the curiosity to keep wanting to learn more .
there is no better expert on you than yourself a top psychiatrist will have many many patients all of whom are entirely different with a completely unique set of problems and even more possible treatments .
get informed because nobody 's going to give it for free and those that do have it they do n't wo n't sell it all at once because a cured patient is a lost patient '' .
we ca n't flame you because you are already burnt .
i just refuse to accept kanye 's behavior especially since the election and therefore will not support his music ... so i would be devistated if they made music together .
plus she is a woman of her word and we have all heard tiwwchnt .
not from the us i understand that some states are 2 party consent but would that apply to ops vehicle with a visible dashcam ?
while great care should be taken when removing beasts from its ecosystem they still are remarkably resilient .
magical beasts also tend to be on the top of the ecological pyramid so their removal does n't cause the entire pyramid to collapse .
most magical beasts are n't alone in an ecosystem and most are n't very numerous either .
dragons not being present would just mean more deer for other nonmagical predators like wolves bears and ticks .
speaking of which muggles seem to have a bit of a deer problem on their hand due to overhunting on the two former predators but that is a more recent issue and frankly it is n't big enough yet for either muggle or magic governments to do much about .
mind if i repost it in the vikings sub ?
yta you do n't like her you like the attention and idea of her liking you .
you do n't care what she wants or feels only that everything is dictated and revolves around you .
welcome to r/lego_raffles please read the rules in the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/lego_raffles/wiki/index .
op will reply to your comment to confirm your slot s .
if you anticipate you will not be able to pay for your slot s in that timeframe please arrange with op to pay for your slot s early .
the only accepted payment method is paypal friends family .
do not write anything in the payment notes section .
report to mods anyone that refuses to pay via paypal friends family
after you have paid please reply to the payment pm with spots your name your pp email .
please pm mods with any question of price or authenticity .
mods try to keep you safe but scams are always possible trust your gut
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lego_raffles if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't know either to be impressed or scared ...
my router does n't have parental controls what do i do ?
my grandma told my aunt that her nephew was burning in hell after he committed suicide .
pelosi is a true patriot not one of those sarah palin patriots .
i did knew about some of the problems i just chose it was worth it and i did n't grew up in usa you lose you hair you gain weight you lose calcium do n't really know if it 's true you feet cracks all the time and we can go on and on ...
on a related note in the recent month or two when glancing as t profiles of people boasting the fox news of the day destiny is usually one of their top posted subs .
guess i have to wait another day to hear her purr..
i mean the v1000 is still in warranty but i 'm not going to wait 3 more weeks before that thing is repaired and i need something to power that z87 board in the future that 's going to someone else in the family
but whoever would n't have been me without some more as you say aggression
if it was natsuki or yuri they might be a bit alarmed
in the game threads i 'm assuming there 's normally a link ?
i 'm from newfoundland but work away would n't mind catching them in the evenings .
playing nintendogs when you should 've been running a team on madden like that lol
i 've googled it and it looks like some kind of powder but you said you keep it in the fridge so i do n't know .
so yeh ... is it a milk type thing ?
bolton is a classic example of something that was dredged from the swamp that was drained by trump .
i mean i was honestly expecting newt gingrich to appear in his government .
well then we 'd have two crises i 'd prefer one or zero .
on genius the quote info says that you killed my baby stands for the feelings thas oli had for hannah so the phrase is directed to the guy whose hanna cheated on oli bc he killed the baby conception that oli had about hannah i do n't know if everything is wrote right english is not my mother tongue i 'm sorry
and maybe give them an actual chance in hell in 2020
it 's the american people 's fault for electing assholes to run their country .
i feel like there 's an opportunity for a accessory that goes around your ankles and tracks your movement so that you do n't need a pad at all .
i always max out the voltage slider in afterburner as i have a 550 watt power supply and my setup is n't gon na come close to that .
in japan 1985 a calcutec who works for the system '' finds out he has 2 subconsciouses and an unbeknownst 3rd subconcious that was implanted in his brain to subconsciously encrypt data so that he didnt even know about it .
this mechanism malfunctions and the chapters start swapping back and forth between the first and second subconscious while he tries to find the man who created the procedure and have it reversed before he gets stuck in 2nd subconscious forever .
not one clue why they did n't just make every lobby a night mode to test it out lmao .
aww i bet you 're just adorable and you should just think of yourself as cute concentrated .
i have an old q6 edge right now and it 's not doing so hot .
granted this is a much older model although i am not sure how old it actually is .
it 's been the nicest chair i 've had up to this point but i 've had all kinds of issues with its battery its ability to handle terrain and a few other things .
i 've been looking at permobil and quickie chairs myself because i have also heard a lot of good things about them .
one of my old friends had a permobil chair for as long as i knew him and a lot of the people i knew who were in manual chairs always had quickie ones .
my backup chair is a quickie said i got second hand and it 's held up quite well since i 've been using it .
thanks for the recommendations do you think the q6 edge has made a lot of improvements between models ?
most of the people i have known of that had them always complained about the same things i complain about .
but i like to remind people that he pardoned those fuckers
the truck driver 's actions were reckless at best .
more likely his actions were malicious with intent to cause grievous bodily harm .
if he 's so concerned about his kids ' safety he should have reported any problems to the police and let them handle it .
but if you have the right tools the right machines the right processes you can cut part costs and build time .
tooling costs are just that untooled parts will be expensive and slow to build but tooling costs money .
so what you want to do is decide which rockets are going to fly often tool the parts that you use and keep flying it to recoup the up-front cost .
the first tank of one diameter is quite pricey but elongations come relatively cheap .
more important than cost it significantly reduces kct 's roll out costs which usually are more than the usual craft cost and build time .
especially in the beginning untooled rockets take forever to build
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
the playoffs are the hardest thing to win getting there isnt even half of it .
there are private sanctions which are the most crippling when implemented .
the us has used this to slowly starve and eventually decimate civilian populations across the world .
i smdh that they banned the op from their safe space .
could this game be a tax write off scheme ala the producers ?
sure sure whatever venezuelans deserve a decent government no objection there but jesus fucking christ hands off venezuela ! ! !
the us government has literally never once in the history of this country brought about anything but death misery and destruction through its attempts to meddle in the affairs of other countries .
it 's a machine that 's built to kill and that 's the only thing it does well .
anyone opposing trump for his litany of hateful comments and rhetoric this is go time !
we have the specter of another murderous us intervention knocking at the door .
this is potentially the gravest crime that trump will commit .
meh seems like he 's trying too hard and doing anything he can to be relevant imo .
op should change the title to seasonal banner is doing below avarage.
edit i downloaded map from here will see if it works yet .
i want to say whole point of this obviously is for ai to win vs human by using superior strategy and better decision-making .
but from 4th game against mana it had 800 epm microing 3 groups of blinkstalkers at the same time which no human can do on 3 places at the same time .
this ai is n't that smart yet but it is able to win simply because it plays faster than any human can and micro better than any human can .
also average epm it had 200 and mana only 170 .
tho i must say it has good target priority .
also ai will have very good target priority and spending its epm best possible way .
they need to balance epm so it wins because better strategy and proves it is smarter than humans ...
it is already very intelligent and makes good decision tho amazing .
ah i thought it the was moment with highest epm later on it had even more 1200 epm and from 1st person view it plays completely unhuman even maru ca n't play like this they need to tune this down !
it is not within human parameters by a longshot .
and it ended up with 267 epm as average while mana with 190 i saw over 200 epm average but never 267 .
i do n't even know if you can buy them here in australia .
plus i do n't thunk it costs less than 2000 aud
they will initially file paperwork on your behalf to start a claim increase depending on your individual circumstances .
they will collect your medical records and send them with your packet .
when a comp and pen appointment get scheduled they should tell you about it .
they will be your point of contact for any correspondence that the va sends .
basically they will do everything for you except show up to the doctor appointment itself .
it also did n't portray lgbt matters in any good way .
rupaul specifically has historically been ... not great to trans people ?
ironic considering his line of work but there are i 'm sure other queens who are less terrible .
though i agree it 's not really my thing !
yeah mitch is a pretty frequent antagonist in this sub .
as a tiny tiny hint to what might come ahead know the names of your controller buttons .
bro that 's why i made my first comment !
i 'm sure you have stuff you wan na say to a lot of people !
3-4€ per gram for 84 purity basically 100 pure since the 16 is pure hcl
her public support is not predicated on the idea that she 's working class .
the fact that she went to an expensive school is not anymore impactful than her being a bartender getting harassed .
she 's barely gotten her salary yet ... what benefit would that have for her ?
it 's a very confusing mix of anti-wealth as opposed to anti-elite pessimism and impracticalness .
im not saying making an extreme analogy isnt valid im just saying right now when it comes to sandwiches it doesnt matter .
of mice and men but was n't it a rabbit ?
they should make an exception for nz on this one .
i do n't care if it 's a little over the top and self serving this is what the young people who follow him need to be seeing not the eason 's bullshit .
and many of us have been https www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/a5o03n/_/ebo3bh6 calling this https www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/9his8c/_/e6c8pl5 ? context=1000 for several https www.reddit.com/r/chapotraphouse/comments/9hdj5x/_/e6b29au months https www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/9te7pg/_/e8vp07b ? context=1000
i really do n't feel like trudeau is the one running the party .
he 's just a high ranking member of it .
there are very deep pockets financing the liberal and the trudeau foundation .
i agree on not wanting to criticize fanfic but we 've all got different sorts we do n't choose to read and skypeio 's discussion of this one could definitely be mistaken for a description of a bts fic .
i hope you enjoy it when you get around to reading it !
next semester i 'm doing probability and the semester after that stats
i just did some checking and i 'd day they'r around 120-150 but i probably would n't be looking to receive them in a offer man as it would just be another item for me to have to try to trade away sorry man !
oh yeah you would have definitely gone in to 'save ' another country .
i think the term you 're looking for is bin man mate
why this need to say i told you so when op already came over to your position ?
i agree on the substance of your comment but there is no need to call anyone delusional .
we all will be better served by being gracious do n't you think .
someone once told me and the mrs what once you have a kid you never fully sleep again .
she knows how much we would love to see her in that position ... but i 'm taking it .
her body is pure gold and seeing dove wearing a bikini while being on her knees is a delight .
need to fix uncontrolled scorestreaks getting players kicked in hardcore !
as a massive market crash that came in early 2018 and the transactions are instantaneous !
no more like if apple owned the entire surroundings to their plants and started giving people apple gift vouchers instead of money to pay their rent and for food .
and before anyone asks my example is based on real life .
what can u expect from someone who wastes time criticizing
does the reality stone modify reality or is it reality ?
manafort is not small fry to work over as a warning to others .
he 's a massive fucking crook whose had his fingers in international conflicts and made money off genocide .
him appearing in the trump campaign alone was probably setting off alarm bells that russia was involved .
he 's going down for a long time precisely because he deserves to .
his crimes are heinous and there are few in the trump campaign that are bigger fish than him .
well maybe i think he does have a personality and therefore give him that ?
you were old school if you bought scrip at the start of assemblies .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason
rule 3 it is a repost from the last two months or top 100 posts of all time .
this can also apply if you are reposting constantly on popular submissions .
please try to avoid reposting as it does affect the subreddit and there are plenty of oddly satisfying things out there waiting to be found !
please read the sidebar for an outline of the rules and the wiki for further information .
if you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2foddlysatisfying
i have the same issues so i concentrate on the pros that have the same play style .
then pick a map and see where they stop to check stop to throw etc .
different pros have different favourite styles or ingrained habits which is hard for them to change because of the level they play at .
we have it easier so you develop a mixture to adopt
i do n't know if this will help but i hope that it does you are not worthless or a waste do not listen to anyone that says otherwise because they only want to bring you down i know things might be difficult right now but things will get better you just have to hang in there long enough for it to happen .
these are very very similar to my 10 year olds drawings except not as good .
usually for ocd and ssri i think they recommend a higher dose not a doctor i could be totally wrong
ah fair enough yeah they should 've definitely increased quest item drops and whatnot..
but are quest item drop rates really that much of a turn off ?
all women are bad drivers '' stereotypes aside women are on their phone more often than men .
they 're also on their phone while driving more often than men .
interested in the super card willing to pay asking price but have a few questions .
can you pm me when you get a chance ?
because kentucky has an abundance of all-natural vegetable oil reservoirs all throughout the countryside making an uncommon kitchen luxury a reasonable commodity .
vice used to be cool and interesting now is it 's buzzfeed 86 telling us how all women are repressed an that all white people are racist .
i clicked this link excitedly thinking it was actually cats ... sorely disappointed .
tja hättest du ein amazon ring™ im den zusteller in dein haus zu lassen wäre das nicht passiert .
that 's what i do n't get.. she 's been makeup free lots but i do n't think i 've ever spotted one pimple on her face let alone really bad acne .
i 've noticed it on others like maci though .
she must be really good at hiding it somehow ?
i think there 's a gamecube in the box too .
i guess you did n't get tp karma whore this one
i think this r/s was more about her than you .
for example you said you did n't about anything her smile .
i 'm not talking about going to another place to study that 's the right thing to do .
but i myself feel that i put my so 's happiness before me .
and i think i made a mistake and no one should make it .
you must achieve a balance right from the start otherwise you 'll start to feel like this .
you must care for your own happiness as well and must not let her call the shots all the time .
sometimes is okay but not everytime otherwise the balance suffers and one person starts resenting it .
i think this is the best example in the thread .
there 's no one mastermind in the big short just a collective of self-centred individuals who can easily chalk there actions down to 'just doing their job ' .
whilst as a whole they are ruining the lives of millions .
toughen up great if you are retreating means you can re-engage quicker
smart ion grenade great for taking out turrets heavy shields speeders and weak at-sts
i use the el-16hfe rifle with stock and extended barrel
thanks i have to do further tests on this .
please let me know if your first run is successful
i am fully out to my family and they 're fully supportive i have just never gone out to a family meal dressed they have only seen pictures and even so they have never seen me looking this extra thank you for your concern though it 's very sweet !
i get where youre coming from and it could be because of how i was raised .
my mom was married to my 20 year old dad at 13 .
she had me at 16 and since i was a kid i have seen and heard of the experiences she had .
my dad is pretty religious but hes on the liberal side of religion and would focus on larki ki consent ke baghair nikah nhi rather than sell your daughter as soon as she bleeds .
so i 've been pretty lucky in that regard .
at 21 i 'm already financially independent and only live with my parents because of their izzat .
i 've lived on my own in the past and often threaten to do it again if the need arises .
i think it 's about knowing your rights and not caring enough about family to ruin your life over it .
i think even if they forced me at gunpoint to get married i 'd eventually find a way to reach the police and media so i do think it matters how i live my life .
part of the reason why i wont get married even if i love someone is because i want to show pakistani girls it can be done and maybe i 'd inspire more people to pursue financial independence and break society 's norms .
hopefully they make a change a do it 12 hourly.. basically you see a llama you do n't want you can ignore it for a day..
and all the men are loser morons and the laydeys are the best and smart and they dance !
this has been mentioned countless times and is never going to happen
employers '' are people in themselves no matter how large .
care for your people and they 'll stick around richard branson 's quote i think .
how come you keep getting dogs when your dad seems to hate them ?
seems unfair to the dog and just adds unneeded problems in the family .
i 've been desperate for the last 5 years .
i 'm not the one to mope and feel sorry for myself but rent really does stab me in the neck back and knees literally .
so at the end of last year i said fuck this rent shit bit the bullet and decided to live in my car as of 7 january of this year .
the last 2-3 weeks has been a major learning curve in terms of sleeping comfortably in my car however over the last 4 days i 've been sleeping safe and sound now to the point that i 'm sleeping better now than i was in a house .
i really need to control my spending when eating i need to cut it down to 10 20 a day but i 'll get there .
any ways best of luck for the future and fuck paying rent .
ahh i see you 're a man of culture too
because she 's a hb9 and all his other incels friends from fortnite will be super jealous .
i feel like they try to look in to compatibility the first few times and when that fails they just throw out a line and try to reel in whatever they can get .
it 's too detailed and interesting to not have some sort of scripted sequence or npc .
at the very least it 's way too fucking cool a spot for me to be the only person in the red dead world to try and basically live there .
this scene has to be the greatest from the little girl we saw grow up on curb .
that prick even served her red wine aged 9 !
they 've been bringing gregor on a bit too slow .
bout time he gets a shot at the top 10 .
and if he can win despite the gigantic size disadvantage we 'll know he can hang with the elite at 155 .
i dont think i will use paxful until and unless i get any problem with localbitcoins.com .
i have big amount to transfer with bitcoin within few months so i might try paxful .
yeah i saw one but it requires a better power supply
can you copy paste the latest successful tinder exchange ?
but the proclamation that finally linux will be mainstream for gamers has been a thing for half a decade
this becomes more true over time as more things are developed .
2012 microsoft releases windows 8 which includes its own store .
steam machines themselves ... did n't work out though .
2017 microsoft announces windows 10 s which can only run windows store apps .
microsoft states that this is their vision for the future of windows 10 .
now nvidia is n't the only decent option for linux users .
2019 proton allows playing any game more feature-complete than 2018 .
2019 windows 10 s mode is now a toggle in windows 10 .
the functionality that valve likely fears is now built-into every copy of windows 10 .
but can we get it in .35 remington no make that .35 whelen ?
only then will this be tactical enough with all the cqb crap on the tri-rail ... ..
same same some live in their bubble of ego .
were hard work such a desirable trait all rickshaw walas thela walas truck drivers factory workers would have been taken up by now .
why do n't you now go and add a clause about education in there ?
or about caste or maybe a certain standard of living ?
and if you do you can never ever bring it up bc the longer you wait the worse it 'll be .
your image has been removed because it is too small .
image submissions to this subreddit must be larger than 330px*330px .
if you have any questions about this removal please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdankmemes subject=about my removed post message=i 'm writing to you about the following post insert link here .
0d 0di 've read the rules in the sidebar .
resubmitting a removed post without prior moderator approval can result in a ban .
i had a 350k run today and only got three blues lol ...
it 's been confirmed by teammates that he has the biggest wrench in the league
hi we feel this topic may be better suited for our vip demo feedback megathread https www.reddit.com/r/anthemthegame/comments/ajqy56/anthem_vip_demo_discussion_and_feedback_thread .
if you would like to contest this removal or want a better explanation as to why your submission violated this rule please modmail us https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fanthemthegame .
do not reply to this message or private message this moderator it will be ignored .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
at least when you 're in jail you get the option of parole
i would be jerry jones bitch for that salary as well
i was one of them and yeah she 's pleasantly surprised me so far with some exceptions .
i also played around half an hour on a friend 's copy and found it super boring but once i started playing on my copy i loved it so much .
probably my favourite game of all time and i 've played a lot of games .
if you have a switch i definitely recommend you buy it .
i always thought the point of more expensive women 's razors were that they were better for more sensitive skin areas .
obviously i could be completely wrong but taking a basic razor to anywhere besides your face does not feel good
it 's just the cheap asrock b350 pro 4 mobo .
everything i read about it basically said it 's a great bang for buck mobo .
i 'm happy with the overclock i hit and it runs my ram at the rated 3200mhz !
better than screaming in terror like the passengers on his bus .
yeah i guess he fell into the belief that hillary would win like most people thought and they could clean up the mess that way .
if it came out about the interference then hillary won people would have lost their shit about the deep state .
what obama miscalculated is that those people will lose their shit regardless and have n't earned an olive branch or the benefit of the doubt .
i hope the new generation of democrats stop falling for that act and stand up to the people who will be mad no matter what and make up bs conspiracy theories when they do n't get their way .
some not all of the fouls called for him look exactly like non-calls for a lot of other players simple as that .
yeah like my younger sister had a few guy friends when we were in school i remember the principal mentioning this to my mom once and my mom went off on the guy like hey girls can be friends with guys without being in a sexual or romantic relationship .
similarly i 've had more guy friends than friends who are girls just because for me anyway guys are just easier to chat to .
i 'm a girl but it does n't mean i 'm romantically or sexually attracted to that guy .
hell i do n't even think about sex or having a romantic relationship at all really .
fox news '' is a cancer and must be removed from america .
a wolf 's head without it 's body can still bite .
a few years back a bunch of high priced vintage guitars popped up on ebay that were all smashed .
someone asked why they were selling al of these smashed guitars and the seller stated that their husband was a trash man and had found these on his trash pickup .
these were hundereds of thousands of dollars of guitars if in good condition as i recall but all were totaled .
no one was sure if that story was true .
personally i think that when the series does come to an end the creators will make it obvious .
there 's still so much to explore in petscop that i really do n't think this is anything more than a pause .
a girl who gets kidnapped by someone who takes her into the australian desert .
that is incredibly well put i am so happy that you have that in your life .
i see how i was unclear in my original post i meant love between two humans .
that being said i believe in your interpretation and completely believe in life satisfaction being a form of love .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identify theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
please refrain from posting uplifting '' threads https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/upliftingposts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
brexit has shown that the uk people can be duped and are not intelligent enough to change their mind when given evidence against their decision .
i do find people who hate our country funny i must say .
if you 're implying that about me i do n't hate your country .
if we 're both agreed on that why does the supposed possibility of london losing these jobs even upset people such as yourself ?
i just do n't like obviously wrong statements paraded with confidence in an effort to make them seem more credible .
a bit like if a person was to say something obviously ridiculous like
it still has n't thanks to our remaining crown dependencies/countries that have the queen as the figurehead !
it sucks that i did n't get to play ww2 cos apparently they did a really good job with it wish i did play it .
bought the game but did n't play it at all
you 'll probably want to build around an intel 9600k or 9700k .
he 's making excuses for his bad behaviour by making it your problem .
i 'm sorry you feel responsible for his anger .
this might not be part of the map but i 'd have the map more cropped in not cropped into the land but with less water .
the way it is now it feels emptier than it is .
darkrp is my favorite it 's just as interactive as vr with tons more dank memes and absolute cancer i love it
i have a feeling the people who will buy into this false narrative are the very same people who were up in arms about the false narrative '' surrounding the video with those racist little maga boys .
they are also probably the very same people who made the argument that private businesses have a right to deny service to anyone when that bakery refused to bake a cake for a gay wedding .
maybe it is referring to the controller being designed in seattle ?
hey man i have the pm2 in stock a couple different ones here 's my link to check out
you can level up dex but do n't tell anyone you did that .
the chapter where the small council tells ned the crown is six million in debt .
up until then i thought it would be a somewhat regular story after reading it i realised it 's gon na be way more complex then that .
i hike to the gardens where the dogplants sprout up in bizarre shapes from the floor of the dogscape and reach up to pluck the fetal puppyfruits right off the wagging energetic branches .
i bite into the succulent flesh the juices dribbling down my chin and dripping down to be reabsorbed by the groundflesh and revel in the savory taste .
i 'm thirsty so i range until i find one of the mothermounds and there i suckle at a teatpatch until i 've had my fill of milk .
sometimes i see other humans around me as well-adapted to the dogscape as i am but i barely acknowledge them say nothing .
the world is different now what meaning would our old words have ?
use backgrounder action to make it in the foreground to act like it 's running
in general it does n't matter what you say any anti-male post in this sub will get downvoted .
could it be because it is scummy to be anti man or anti woman ?
unless its specifically anti-black male then you get upvotes .
i would definitely rather see her than collins but mainers deserve to know what they are voting for .
do n't know much about the beer but this picture is just top class .
they elected her because rich white conservatives mainly resided in her district .
other than that she 's not well liked by anyone else in the state .
i remember my 8th grade english teacher even publicly saying she hated her when she was running for re-election because literally everyone else at my school hated her too .
i 'd be surprised if it was more lenient .
why would you buy their hero dlc if the modders already created them .
my shifts and lead techs ca n't access it 🤷🏻‍♀️
this submission has been automatically removed per the sidebar rule
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel like tarintino has more movies though could be wrong .
i stopped when they allowed people to start at level 40 .
even these signs they have a designated smoking area but want to shame you for using it .
send her a certified letter advising her that the account is still active and advising her of your intent to close the account in 30 days .
indicate in the letter that in the event there is a balance in the account on the date you close it you will mail the money to her .
mail a cashier 's check again using certified mail so you can prove she got the money the same day the account is closed .
the big distinction between runoff and irv are what happens to strong supporters of marginal candidates when you get down to the final 3 final 4 .
100 of their votes are going to have been reallocated or trashed .
in runoff 0 of their votes are going to be reallocated .
in approval i think a lot of them will have bullet voted .
those that are strategic will most likely have reallocated towards a viable with a ballot that looks like bullet viable others .
for the 3 person election then irv and approval essential tie .
but for the 4 person election not so much .
irv will reallocate one more time while approval very well may not .
again i could be wrong and approval end looking like irv or even slightly more central leaning .
but i do n't think it is remotely close to condorcet .
you want centerists as your top priority which it seems like you do you want condorcet .
i do n't even know how any sort of little evil can come through when you see people being this fucking shitty of human beings .
i know everyone is different but my boobs only hurt for a couple weeks if that .
it 's definitely more nerve wracking when it takes a little while to conceive .
but it 's also totally normal for it to take a year since cycles and ovulation can vary so much .
we were actually the only couple we know able to conceive before 1 year .
every one else who got pregnant did so after a year and with a little assistance and two couples are still trying .
so i know a little bit at least second hand about the stress it can bring .
i know the feeling of 8 weeks ca n't cine soon enough '' though !
what makes spo a great coach outside of the big 3 ?
the best record spo had after the big 3 was in 2015-16 with 48 wins .
and this is in the eastern conference mind you .
so what is the bar exactly when you say good to great coach '' ?
do you really want me to post my mental health shit and how i was dealing with childhood abuse ?
because they fight with baguettes and their military is more powerful at the start of the game
i 've coached a lot of athletes and it 's not uncommon for people to get injured and do almost nothing and build back to 90 95 of best in 1 or 2 cycles .
this happens with cyclists a lot and almost every cyclist i ever coached could get pretty damn close to that figure above within 2 tests .
the real freaks were nfl or college football players .
they 'd party and eat like shit in the off-season a lot of the time come back sorry and pathetic and after a single training camp had seemingly shed all the fat and were putting up damn good lifts and sprint times .
with climbing i think the time course of tendon adaptations changes this a lot .
sigh ... ... .. i wil format difrently becuas edumb bot
i wonder what the knicks want to do with noah vonleh ?
he looks like a good fit for our second unit going forward .
you know protein for sure and make sure your getting your vitamins and minerals .
for me it 's that 's sanders is pretty divisive .
i recently started to like aoc although i do n't always agree on her policy .
she did the shoulder shrug and muttered yeah '' .
the old kono i would love to see come back
i know people who are 21 and still virgins .
the vaccination is associated with a drop in type 1 diabetes btw .
i 've been waiting a few hours and i still ca n't play the demo that i 've been looking forward to all day ...
honestly you should push valk to e3 or at least 10 star asap .
the rest of your 6 stars or higher are trash tier .
then get heart watcher to 6 and get destroyer to 6star and leave him there with no gear .
when he does he buffs your team by 15 attack
real shocker that posting freedom oriented memes that you do n't even agree with got you a bunch of upvotes on a libertarian sub but you only did it by misrepresesenting yourself so it 's hardly an achievement .
you should run for office you 've got the two-faced thing down pat .
lol as a libertarian all i did was cross post memes from r/enlightenedcentrism into r/libertarian
i was so secretive https np.reddit.com/r/libertarian/comments/9leepg/z/e77imrl about it too .
i 'm sure there 's https np.reddit.com/r/libertarian/comments/9ah0d7/z/e4wrs38 no reason whatsoever .
thanks for telling me because i did n't want to fix one thing wrong with my teeth just to create another
i want to boop each one of their noses !
they 'd need to add code for carrying and aiming a gun and stuff .
this is trivial the real challenge is having the ai decide what to do with the guns .
anytime you have a crap car a lemon multiple wrecks someone killed inside whatever .
it 's a way of getting rid of a problem .
i would advise you not buy any car that has been wrecked .
the dealer will tell you it 's a fender bender but you never know it could have really fucked up the car .
as far as the price no dealer is going sell a car below market value especially a car like a honda civic unless they already know it has issues '' .
i wonder if he could somehow manage to be the 4th youngest player to reach 6,341 points ?
i would love more urban maps and maybe a beach map ?
when i was in my 20s i got picked up hitchhiking by a woman in her 40s .
we changed route and headed back to her place .
she poured drinks and started to be kind of annoying but it was clear the sex was going to happen so i tolerated the behavior .
by the time she was out of her clothes though my enthusiasm had waned .
i maybe rushed things a little bit and she was pissed to be unsatisfied .
she had promised a ride back but when she sent me out to her car she slammed to door and turned off all exterior lighting .
my walk home was a lot longer than our might have been .
i think a 10 year old wrote these rules up
andrew is aware of the man 's reputation he 's also aware of what could happen if the two were to commence a brawl in the middle of a street full of people .
i 'm here to bring you in and i 'll fight you if that is what you want .
not here where you can hurt people with your rampage .
after so many missions andrew 's got nerves of steel but even he could n't help but feel seriously threatened by kyouki 's look .
he knows there 's no point in asking for his surrender but maybe he can minimize casualties .
is it also open for the rest of us or just the nest ?
the my guy pretty like a girl '' comment is gold
the only decks i really hate are prison decks .
the fun factor is really low playing against them .
check out the mega dr650 thread on adv rider forum ... .18000 pages of dr650 minutiae a lot of general bike knowledge and lots of community and humour ... .klr650 is also revered/despised but very capable bike ... another great rider community at klr650.net .
introduce yourself on some of those sites and you will get some good feedback and chances are someone will offer you a test ride in your area ... ..it 's hard to judge a bike without riding it but most dealers do n't welcome test drives .
the rider communities are passionate about their bikes and happy share their passion .
anyone who still judges based on appearance in this day and age is old fashioned .
hogwarts has been something i never once thought i 'd be asked to be the deputy head and much less to then accept the position . ''
her reply an honest one while quidditch had always been her passion she never once spoke of any desire more than to play the game .
looking back on it now her life had n't panned out in anyway that she expected it to .
after i graduated i manage to travel a lot which was great a few places less exciting than i thought they would be but it was still a lot of fun . ''
realising she 's doing a lot of talking about herself she decides to cut it short here .
no one likes someone that spends the whole time talking about themselves .
one day she 'd love to hear about the tattoos and the stories behind them .
however the relative varying maximums apply even to 401 k s. that is 19,000 after tax is effectively more than 19,000 before taxes so it can make sense to use roth if you 're hitting the cap either way .
what priyanandan did could be accounted for under this section .
then a complaint should 've been lodged with the cops .
he should be criticized/booker for inflammatory comments against religion but and what sanghparivar did is wrong .
it 's disheartening to see the profound lack of self-restraint and disrespect for the law from sanghis especially about the sabarimala issue .
what 's worse is their leadership is by their silence encouraging and enabling such criminal activities .
well he has a whole book about how the old testament is distracting and should just be not used paraphrasing .
check out kruger 's review of the book it 's in another comment .
the problem is you ca n't just drop ⅔ of the bible and justify it by saying that it 's keeping people from coming to christ .
besides all scripture is god breathed and useful for teaching .
your friends might end up targeting you more than the deck deserves .
the ability to destroy thousands more should call his charter rights into question .
some people would argue that being part of a society and reaping it 's benefits would assume that such a person would n't do something to cause it harm .
this is a massive amount of shit that will destroy a massive amount of lives .
i can subscribe to the idea of his rights were violated '' if it was something small scale but there 's got ta be maximum limits to that kind of leniency .
dude is small time throwing 10 bags around '' vs dude smuggled 27,500 pills of fentanyl that will statistically result in x many deaths . ''
i 'd propose a maximum limit that street level drug traffickers could have to avoid larger conspiracy charges and legislation to prohibit the presence of excess narcotics in a crime scene from being ruled inadmissable unless there 's ample evidence of cases being unrelated to eachother .
there was someone else around the same before/after size around the time i was recovering but i ca n't find that post .
i still have a binder full of marvel cards for a game called overpower .
most of the small kids i know smell like pot and live on cannabis farms .
some of the happiest most well adjusted kids i know live on farms and see cannabis every day .
i suppose it could have different effects in an environment where most people still see cannabis as bad '' but when its all they know lots of their friends are in the same situation and its how their family puts food on the table its really just a normal childhood at the end of the day except their daddy cuts flowers '' for a living .
generations of kids have grown up this way in the emerald triangle .
this reminds me of those two cops on arrested development .
or how labor supply is down because people do n't want to their livelihood to be subjected to the whims of a selfish toddler
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
like the one the ram fans yes all of you if we play by your rules put up to have the vinovich crew taken off the game ?
said the league was going to set up drew brees to be in the super bowl for narrative ?
shower fun really is the best and i think i would definitely make a sticky mess on those sexy tits of yours
do n't matter if it 's a wall or curing cancer .
long as he 's behind it it 's automatically bad no matter how good it might be for people .
cnn and msnbc would still be obsessing over the wall and completely ignoring it .
one of the most popular '' singer in russia and ukraine
thank you for listening and for writing the script !
💜 i do n't usually do fdom but i liked the flow of it .
if i want to try more maybe i 'll look at the rest of your series .
i collect stuff about my family history and visit places related to it and i 'm really lucky to have friends and family both ready to suport and follow me on some of my adventures especially since i ca n't drive d so i 'm sorry you 're alone in your passion i hope you find a friendly history nerd soon
since you are implementing an open standard you better add authentication otherwise someone will make your kettle tell you to subscribe to pewdiepie .
this can actually be proven because the library editions of the comics come with commentary from both gene and mike about the conversations they had on how to use the comics to bridge into korra .
i did n't know that was happening i like lolo !
my only beef is with ricky but he 'll be safe this week as well i 'm sure .
it appears to be a light variant as far as i can tell
you have until 01/27 01:11 am est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20190127t061157 .
u/rbussard reply with pat or two point and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.conversion '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' aj1ni6 ''
i felt like valentina and naomi did a solid safe performance .
from the challenge i thought the trio was in the bottom and maybe latrices dress would save her from the bottom two but she barely spoke at all during the challenge .
overall v confused and side note i thought this was the best valentina has ever looked
the k.o.d guy is definitely going to be in paine when he wakes up .
yeah because the actual brainwashing and government control of knowledge and culture in north korea is at the same level in the us .
we have smartphones reddit and wikipedia and can think and say anything we want short of incitement .
do you really think people in north korea can say the same ?
damn i guess i 'll just stick with lm1 since my other mages need the black magic abilities .
or have our son asking people why daddy wears a collar .
my subsband wears a day collar we just call it a necklace i mean that 's really what it is technically and our kids have never thought twice about it luckily
more than happy to take the ls in this thread but may i point out our 2nd place finish ?
i do n't have a lot of trust in ea .
these reeks of middle schooler who just found porn and is the coolest guy in gym class
but that was literal intent of the h-1b visa program .
to lower the wages of high skilled work by importing a work force that is malleable and less expensive than american born workers .
usually if a documentary says that some scenes are dramatized it 's referring to brief re-enactments of events for visual purposes .
it 's not bad because it provides a visual so you 're not just seeing talking heads and photos .
but documentaries and reality tv are not the same thing .
reality tv especially those ratchet housewives shows are awful .
so fun fact i looked at the black windswept on my windswept present which had a regular unpainted windswept and the unpainted one is more black than the black painted one .
what does jump force have to do with death stranding or the ruse ?
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ clg take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ darshan take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ wiggily take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ powerofevil take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ stixxay take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ biofrost take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ weldon take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ hotshot take my energy ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ clg take my faith ༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
a red glass cannon to maybe deal with green tanks ?
imelda is solid magic aoe dmg and attack buff .
i think those plus grenier and leon would make a solid team that covers for each other
since this type of link or affiliate codes are considered referrals ... .
if i we 're to say post ... a referral code for ebates ... . would i need to be disclosing it as an ad ?
i 'm 230 lbs i do n't need technique against white belts i just lay on them and they tap
those words were written by the valley news editorial board .
at my school all teachers have a key to the school building and an alarm code .
a lot of teachers do work late but it 's not expected at all .
the key is mostly so it 's an option so we do n't have to bother anyone if we go in during weird hours .
i 'm really productive at night so sometimes when i ca n't sleep i 'll go over to my school at 1 am and just clean my classroom or do some work .
your submission from nypost.com has been automatically removed because it violates rule 7 no tabloid journalism .
the website that you submitted nypost.com is not a reliable source .
it may be an actual tabloid or an entertainment site that has looser standords than a news site gossip vs fact a crowdsourced news site that might as well be social media or some other site that is n't primarily for fact-based journalism for more information on rule 7 click here. https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 wiki_rule_7.3a__no_tabloid_journalism .
for a complete list of domains that are not allowed click here https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/autoremoval .
if you 're new to r/nottheonion you may want to check out nto101 an introduction to r/nottheonion https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 for more information on our rules and answers to frequently asked questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nottheonion if you have any questions or concerns .
can you imagine if nott had died right there or any point earlier in the campaign and no one ever learned about her real backstory .
you invest in new business ideas and get them off the ground ie people poorer than you and you make money off or your cut .
what is the extent of the jougan 's abilities ?
it 's the only one we 've seen in all of the naruto franchise so it better be something good .
given the fact that it has abilities of the byakugan seeing the chackra pathway and determines the main/weak chackra point as well and has other abilities as well then it has to be good .
especially given the fact that it comes from boruto and before someone says that it is stated to be a power of the otsutski remember both naruto and hinata have otsutski chackra in canon naruto got his from hagoromo and hinata got her 's from hamura in naruto the last and it 's stated that he gave her his chackra and that hinata inherited it from him even when hinata gives naruto chackra in 2 seconds she states it that hamura 's chackra flows within me so yeah that 's why momoshiki states that .
i know the jougan will be good and crazy powerful .
her eyes are and appear to be able to see an attack e.g .
rasengan and emit that attack back out again whenever the user wishes .
it 's basically the same thing as momoshiki 's hand and naruto 's fake hand as well .
well they ended up with a winner so mission accomplished for them .
it 's been on a roll for about 10 years now .
lol at all these sooks mad at the fact the british created the best country in the world .
i do n't tell her that she 's not real .
if she ever found out she 'd leave me .
how exactly does rockstar make more money after you payed for the game ?
you seem to have set an incredibly narrow goal .
your chances of success are essentially less than those of someone trying to be a sports star .
you might want to set a more reasonable goal .
you might also want to look at having goals in life beyond what college you go to what grades you get or what job you have .
work is part of it but so is eating drinking laughing loving etc .
as to your sister she may have a life you never see .
if you want to help her then reach out and be real .
do n't put your goals and wants into it .
do n't tell her how to fix herself you will lose her .
it 's so frustrating not to have the words to express yourself properly and logically .
just because a product is refundable does n't make it immune from criticism .
a non-functional/falsely advertised product should be blasted so that this does n't continue as a common business practice
i mean that would require literally any level of artistic talent to be fair .
i love this part of the update so much .
i recommend cs style where your crouching gets slower each time you do it .
i woulda tried to find the person farming them off the hook if they were on death hook .
if the game was falling out of your favor and you could n't find the guy who unhooked her quickly then you are right to hook her again
woudnt make much sense to have a commentary that the majority of the audience cant understand .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
here is a game he played with messi busquets and pique
u/closeyourlegs out here with the hot take that ... fiction does n't have the ability to educate ?
also i can find you several major critics lists that do n't include those films that were n't labeled racist .
in fact i do n't recall any critics lists being labeled racist apart from reviews from people like jeff wells that straight-up included racist remarks .
i do n't think a ryanair flight is the best way to get over a fear of flying .
the roughest landing i 've ever had was with them .
is your name pam or is that just what you spray on your face ?
i should n't have to be specific about dealing with a break up on a sub about break ups just in case someone comes along and uses completely different comparisons that are n't even related to the conversation like death and child abandonment .
you took what i said and made it into another topic of discussion altogether .
can someone tell me when the pepper spray to the face starts so i do n't have to watch a half hour interaction
i like people that tell me i 'm wrong but do n't actually even try to say why .
i definitely do n't work in this industry or something literally at a company developing technology for exactly this reason or something .
even remind the company in this article has to pay money for sms fees .
they use a gateway provider called twilio it 's actually stated in the article .
i 'm familiar with twilio because i 've used them when developing software for pbx/sms .
you will find that no matter where you go you have to pay a flat rate per sms .
twilio probably gives remind bulk pricing that saves them fuck tons of money .
then reminder makes their money through advertising or selling user data .
so they eat the sms fees and provide a free service for sms by selling user data or whatever marketing trick they do to make money that any free '' service does .
there 's no such thing as that for email .
if you setup an email server you can send as many emails as you want for free provided it 's within your bandwidth .
the other server providers might block you for spamming them .
because there 's no gateway that 's charging you fees .
do you really want to challenge me on that ?
it 's also a point that artists are n't supposed to grow up .
would the rolling stones be a better band if they had grown up and stopped playing rock music and jumping around all the time ?
creativity and imagination are connected to youth some artists lose it as they age and none want to .
damn i 'd take a feast in hell over a feast in heaven .
yo i 'm high af on a cruise ship and i am so down on this meme .
siri show me a 2019 lib distilled to it 's purest form .
bernie sanders was too distracted by the need to bury evidence of sexual harassment by his campaign to bother standing up against putin .
the government 's safety nets is a thing you know .
season 4 true ending lilly has killed all of clem 's squad .
lilly points a gun at aj saying some evil monologue and making sure clem has to watch him die .
right before her finger pulls the trigger robo kenny 3000 and ascended revenant lee burst in lee tackles her while robo kenny does a 8 foot jump in the air to slam dunk a salt lick onto her head .
in fact it made it far easier by saying i 'm not drinking .
setting a 1 month goal would be good to gauge how you like it .
then with a clear mind decide your next course of action .
guys i called vox cinemas it will probably be released this wednesday
yeah in all honesty i think it 'll be us heat and you guys as the 7th and 8th .
obvious bias but also because the heat are a second half of season kind of team i think we 'll snag 7th and you guys have 8th .
you definitely look better than the pistons right now and i ca n't see the wizards or magic fighting back into the picture .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
i paid for a month of the origin premium and got bored with v so i cancelled it .
my cousin had a daughter to her stepfather who raised her since she was 2 years old .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
its telling me i do n't have access to he vip demo .
even tho i have redeemed a code and the ea website tell me i have access .
i 've unlocked the new gun and will never have to play that game mode ever again if i 'm lucky .
going to stop playing completely until the next patch .
quatar is a country of millions of people who are all different .
some are complete shit bags but many probably the majority are normal people you could have a coffee with and talk sports with any time .
why just because things are bad in some areas ca n't we look towards creating something that is pleasant for the majority ?
allowing the populace to feel part of a major international event ?
screw the politicians who want to use it as prestige they can go suck on an egg but let people who enjoy sports share into a great experience .
to quote hans rosling things can be bad and getting better at the same time .
they tend to have discounted or free tickets to local venues especially to the theatre and museums in the surrounding areas .
all you have to do is show proof of residence .
you 're already paying for this luxury through taxes so take advantage of it .
ik verwacht ook niet dat ik feestjes van directe vrienden zou missen .
maar zo was er bijvoorbeeld wel een borrel door collega 's georganiseerd waar ik toch van op hoogte kon blijven via het event om een voorbeeld te noemen .
this is actually a normal stage that all kids go through .
at 2 you too were convinced that closing your eyes made you invisible .
i have an adorable tiny niece who despite being pretty smart in some ways used to believe that if she dreamed of me i would know what had happened in her dream because after all i had been there !
that conversation made it on my internal list of perfect moments i hope i will never ever forget
also we 're you one of the people hurt directly by the shutdown ?
i would say some of the casting is better though it 's also hard to compare because there 's less screentime .
i think violet 's actress in the movie was perfect for the role though .
i know the lea and perrins story is that it came from a bengali king or whatever but my opinion is that 's just a marketing story and that the true inspiration was rather more close to home .
i 'm in the small camp that really enjoyed re6 .
certainly not a very re game but imo a really good content-packed shooter .
it took me 1200 gems to get a single sr or ur from this box
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
how to tell if you 're running jre or jdk
how to tell if jre or jdk is installed stack .
201 5 • java version this will check your jre version
javac version this will check and if you unsure if you
have java at all on your system just use find in terminal .
but why english unless this is a staged photo for the western press ?
radical us christians don‘t write „no sharia in arabic on their signs .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with the word claiming or claim in your response .
i will automatically update the flair so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out not just for newbies !
this is a n image post so please use the following formatting
note to use these format guides all you have to do is copy and paste everything within the blue markdown box and replace the prompts with the relevant information .
the two asterisks turn any text between them into boldtext and the three hyphens in a row when separated by a blank row above and below will become a horizontal rule .
remember we want to transcribe the text directly please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors but feel free to use sic to indicate that the text is exactly as in the original .
please copy and paste any emojis into your transcription .
you can see some examples here of what we 're looking for .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the subreddit we 're linking to .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
can ... .can i trade my palico with yours please ?
mirrored post https illustraice.tumblr.com/post/156277461333/couldnt-attend-the-nearest-womens-march-the from the tumblr blog let 's get this crossaint http illustraice.tumblr.com ''
if you pee on it it will just tel you that you 're pregnant with a zombie .
i still think its downright bizarre that male infant circumcision for religious reasons is still common place
in jewish and muslim communities it 's common place .
in christian or no religion '' who are the vast majority 85 it 's only done for medical reasons .
not to mention try to kill his past self .
archer as future guy makes no sense at all .
not ordinarily a fan of the main cod channels as they seem to just be corporate stooges but this video from nero was a breath of fresh air telling it like it is .
we need more of this as those channels command a far wider audience than this sub .
litterially discrimination we have laws against it for a reason you know i 'm gon na have to invoke poes laws of you go any further and with reason because it 's litterially the reason those laws exist .
the park next to the event ... big with lots of stops
from smodcast and on i knew i was a walt flanagan guy
ok that post seems like an insane asylum no joke .
ranging from people who have no idea why classics are considered classics people forcing others to read just like high school which many hate !
and people who complain about their partners not reading fiction with hard magic systems while they do n't read classics or anything that does n't start with b and ends with randon .
but i mean of course no one will read shakespeare since brandon sanderson improved his magic systems .
it would be when that self righteousness becomes a problem that an issue would arise anyhow god or no god
nice of you to generalise a whole race simply from the actions of a few individuals .
i doubt you 've ever been to asia or seen what asian people are like other than negative images you 've been shown .
so next time please think of who you 'll affect when you post .
cute i remember having that too when i was younger
i refuse to believe 15 of the legendaries i get are for other classes or even close to 15 .
maybe that 's how it is but definitely does n't feel like it .
the point is went to see it and all of it but the clock face was obscured .
'' i realized it was n't really my song anymore .
it just gave me goose bumps up and down my spine .
after he passed away i remember feeling saddened but being honored to have framed the end of his life in something that is very tasteful . ''
honestly i think i just made my style by doing .
i started writing when i was really young around the time i was learning to read .
i did n't know to copy a style at that point and my parents never gave me pointers or how-to guides .
i started writing things i dreamed my what ifs the weird images and thoughts that popped into my head and my imagination just kind of kept expanding .
it 's still developing and changing each time i write something different or challenging .
it 's what makes writing and the whole process fun !
i think it 's possible for the projector to be right above the door but i know nothing about ar ar designing so i could also be horribly wrong with my assumption .
get a asg cz p-09 or a we glock or a tm hi-capa
oh man i fucking hate this game everything about it them making every shots and the refs fucking us
a level of bad ass i can only hope for .
this has happened to me i once said that mcdonalds makes me sick and got like thirty downsides within about half an hour .
people seemed to think that i hated the company but in reality the food makes me nauseous
when people are told medicare for all means a guaranteed right to health care 78 percent support it .
when people are told it means eliminating private insurance 37 percent support it .
a survey released by the nonpartisan kaiser family foundation on wednesday comes as democratic presidential hopefuls embrace the idea of a government-run healthcare system .
the poll found that 56 percent of americans initially support medicare-for-all '' compared with 42 percent who oppose the policy .
those numbers can shift dramatically when people are given additional information .
support increases to 71 percent when people learn medicare-for-all '' would guarantee a right to health insurance but if they were told that a government-run system could lead to delays in getting care or higher taxes support plunges to 26 percent and 37 percent respectively .
the leather soles will need to be replaced eventually so keep that in mind .
if your feet are very big they might look like clown shoes
same happened with me but i got 93000 miles .
deepweb sells single grams all the way up to kilos .
this is also why i forget words in my titles .
it 's funny imagining you writing this and not recognizing that you 're the confused asshole .
during that time was in fact the 1st time i started to pay attention and hear about the win face ''
during a c section third year an attending whipped out a mobius retractor and said ‘see this ?
this makes every med student in the or useless . '
only thing i have to add is to maybe try moving your hands out a little farther it might help you feel more comfortably secure with the bar .
yes because the dog was trained to do so lol ... .
kyrie irving may think the earth is flat but he play shooty hope real nice
it fits me quite well most of the time .
urgent situations and tension/strong personalities can sometimes be stressful .
sorry it took me a bit to respond was running a few nukes .
maybe your furby just needs a miracle ear hearing device .
also if you throw your phone out of a car it does not go backwards unless you throw it backwards minus the speed of the car .
it appears to go backwards because the car is moving forward at greater speeds and wind resistance slows down the phone
i lasted till they killed my favorite ... beth .
if you check out the new speed duel format you 'll find that toons are a top-tier contender !
not all the cards are released in the format but they are one of the most supported archetypes currently .
it was so ridiculous expensive to build operate that it was a joke in the industry .
there 's an old writeup at tv tropes that explains the issues with the story well https tvtropes.org/pmwiki/lb_i.php ? lb_id=13373815860b43920100
the metroid games have often dealt with extreme isolation with samus being in situations where nearly the entire planet or ship being hostile to her .
she on the other hand does n't seem too perturbed by this instead focusing on getting the job done .
she 's a one man army and has been since the first game .
metroid other m decided that she was something entirely different though .
and with entirely different i mean the absolute opposite of everything she has ever stood for .
k lol maybe actually list the rules somewhere ... ?
who 's the best character to use a perpetuity ring on gameplay-wise ?
chances are that i 'll love the character fegardless so i 'd just like to know
the original thread is gone took some digging to find the pics .
libraries and other cultural/science institutions are usually connected to super high speed research/educational networks so they can exchange huge amounts of data with other institutes around the world .
think cern as the most extreme case for example .
do n't down vote me to oblivion again please .
i did n't know everyone has so slow internet .
well considering the results of his escaping from prison twice i 'd say they made the right decision .
made an order on lids because some hats were 10 .
placed the order 3 days ago and it got cancelled today because they do n't have the item in stock .
after having it listed as in stock for the last 3 days and charging me for it
otherwise it 's what you 'd expect for something that 's free .
data was slow and not always unlimited so you had to be picky..
the real virus that made me hate listening to music was a little bit of software hell from steve jobs .
ngl the stir-fry i made gave me r/runny vibes earlier .
also try resetting ryzen master back to default i 've had it do your problem plus a whole mess of issues disabled half my cores and locked it like that i do n't like use ryzen master personally
even when the fights go the distance it 's like this
after some fiddling and initial confusion owain has figured out how to get the strange box within his room that the other campers call a tee-vee '' to respond to his instructions using a flat metallic device called a ri-moat '' .
now he 's flipping through the channels fascinated by the possibilities .
he has no idea what the people on the screen are saying but he enjoys the pictures .
3 minutes left in the game 2 point lead .
perfect time for a discussion on the free agents next summer mark jackson ...
i liked hailey more than cherry ... '' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tylfluad36o
it may sound cliché at this point but talk with an advisor i would highly recommend going in during drop-in hours and speaking to marykatherine !
because they will be able to send you in the right direction .
also would recommend checking out the english undergraduate organization or shooting them an email .
they are great at setting up connections for people especially since the new leadership i think their names are rachel and michael ?
and can get you going in the right direction !
let me know if you have any questions and best of luck in your coding adventure !
what were they supposedly doing with the raspberry sauce ?
ask the girl for a second date see if she wants to come to the gym and get a feed after ... let the bar crush her
well aside from mario odyssey splatoon 2 xenoblade chronicles 2 smash ultimate pokemon let 's go octopath and countless others sure
i 'm currently obese and progressively climbing all of the glasshouse mountains .
ca n't wait to do beerwah but that 'll be in a few years !
i tried aspirin when i was 10 yrs old .
i hate to be blunt but most of the time you try something like that you 're just going to make your life worse .
in addition to being depressed you 're going to make yourself physically sick .
trust me i 've been there myself many times .
my roommate and i jack off in front of each other every night and sometimes i even jerk his cock to make mine harder !
just to be clear telling your wife not to take a good job because it makes you insecure is very different from what you said .
i remember years ago when i got my first sales job being told to look at someone 's shoes .
the idea being that a wealthy person was going to spring for nice shoes no matter what else they were wearing .
gif porn on pc is this what it feels like to be a time traveller ?
i 'd say you 're right which only proves the point .
most 30 year olds know of at least one person with autism or some form of disability .
ergo they see that as the risk to avoid as opposed to the measles they have never seen .
half the people who voted in the referendum would be pissed .
if there is no deal the whole country will be pissed when it ca n't feed itself and that would be a real problem .
just revoke a50 and deal with the smaller social unrest lm
i have witnessed the birth of my child married my wife witnessed art so beautiful it brought tears to my eyes.. but this.. this is the greatest thing i have ever seen .
i 'm just saying i do n't have kik only snapchat !
another tip it 's better to message someone about that instead of the comment section
29km with 23 at marathon pace today thought about quitting but foot pain went away after the first 10km and ended up being a pretty solid run 4:35p/km for the mp section ... hope i can shake it for good .
that shit should not only be illegal but should also effect your credit score .
op is 6'1 and 195lbs but still looks like he does n't lift ?
i 'm not sure where the real issue is nor what 's the standard in op social circle unless op has a very high body fat percentage 20
if op had low body fat around 10 or less 195lbs for 6'1 would already be around the natural limit .
so judging by only the number it 's almost impossible for you to look like a guy who does n't lift .
do n't look for others ' approval you 'll never fill this empty hole of insecurity .
love yourself for all the achievements you 've done for 3 years .
this has the potential to be exploited to hell .
its hard to have a sneak attack when a tribe can look at this and see if a raiding party is coming .
you get them from pvp even losing gives adventures so do that .
if you do feel strongly and have a viable way of getting a supplier of such fish by all means .
truly unbelievable man right here humble caring and honourable .
you can search this whole world and it be very hard to find a man with a heart like manny pacquiao .
was it wrong of s4 to die 6 times on doom in 5 minutes or was that sumail 's fault
i actually used to have very good insurance and went to the er twice when i had beyond beyond painful flare ups .
i 'd go in in the middle of the night let them see and explain that i 'm in terrible pain they 'd take me in .
both times i got pain medicine and the first time the pain went away almost immediately with it .
made me do scans and stuff but because of my good insurance everything total was always 50 .
i 'd pay the insurance person at the end of the several hour process and move on .
i suppose because i only did it twice they never really suspected anything .
and i never lied about what was wrong because in theory it could 've been something more .
plus both times i could n't stop throwing up .
people dont believe me when i said i was a problem child growing up .
i 've done a lot of things to hurt myself and others .
once i turned 18 i cleaned my act up because i was legally an adult .
plus i had some 'epiphany ' that i was being an inconsiderate asshole of a human and that i obviously was n't meant to die young .
that or i 'm an immortal being that could n't die no matter how hard i tried .
s people think i 'm some 'goody goody ' innocent girl .
he is just a simple man want to make his way in reddit comments
well yea it depends what pollution we care more about particulate matter or greenhouse gases ?
because planes are terrible for greenhouse gases and i think global warming is a bigger priority than air pollution .
all these idiots will just say it was a bad player lol
bots are not majority but mu guess is they can make up to 50 of the sever pop
i play minecraft but i 'll surrender to the superior game .
they 've patched literally hundreds of bugs and closed loads of dupes and exploits .
i see complaining about maybe a half dozen bugs here when it used to be dozens .
give credit where credit is due i 'd say .
unless someone just ca n't find it in themself to acknowledge that they are putting work in .
i rate the game very highly and even i 'll agree they should 've had a longer beta and avoided the temptation of releasing for the holidays .
insert cliche hurr durr but da game is still in alpha '' joke here .
if they were here at release there 'd be much less bemoaning .
but of course it 's bethesda so people will always complain some for legit reasons and for some just because they want to .
side note other massive multiplayer online games that people adore now had rough releases .
i give the game a year year and a half before a lot of people finally put down their rage canvas bags and leave the it just works '' memes at the door and just play the damn game .
sure there 'll be people who are so grudged they just will not leave it alone .
but luckily the rest of us who genuinely enjoy the game can tune it out and just play .
be careful it 's mlm a pyramid scheme do n't become a dealer
i keep reading posts like this but i think people keep missing the thing that actually helped the most .
by upgrading to 32gb op probably forced his motherboard to run the memory in dual channel mode which effectively doubled the bandwidth to his ram .
i bet his 16gb ram was just 1 stick of ram which can only run in single channel mode .
or if it was 2 8gb sticks it was improperly plugged into the motherboard .
it 's important to make sure you put the ram sticks in the right slots to take advantage of dual channel mode .
you ca n't just put them in any old slots and expect them to work in dual channel mode .
life is an accidental by product of being in the right place at the right time on a rock that was created on accident somewhere in space .
this explains so much of my experience solo queueing in ranked standard .
my boy a aron just tryna play fortnite with the broskies
one of the most important things i learned in business school is that stoners and gamers love doritos .
he used to be so fat and a flat out nobody .
all of us can be superman compared to how he started out .
recently broken up with too and we still live together and i am going slightly insane both with heartache and irrational breakupbrain .
dunno how to get out of this other than just drink drink drink .
nisqy actually sruprised me with how good he was playing .
sure he missed a couple of q 's but in one of the last teamfights he literally did all c9 dmg hitting a huge q on three members afterwards deleting jensen .
i use acure brilliantly brightening cleansing gel and day cream .
askeurope is a lot like here a subreddit for cultural exchange .
it 's just people asking random dumb questions that you could easily google .
was just explaining the strangereal to my gf the other day so ...
this hit the spot i laughed harder than i should .
so you ca n't get a new pack until feb 11th ?
you 're not protected on placebo if you do n't start your new pack on time .
get plan b and use condoms until you take 7 active pills in a row correctly ditch condoms on day 8 .
it was there 's an old british tv show called the avengers that may be why they changed it ?
that last bit is very true makes me think about the lack of product .
it seems like so many people grow but there 's such a huge demand .
damn did you just say he paid 3200 bucks for a pound ?
i guess i should be a bit more grateful but it 's ppl like that i made this post for not so much myself .
anxiety sucks but i am trying to learn to have control over how much i smoke it has n't been easy but
depression '' im sure if you really were depressed you could find words for it other than just stating the simple
one bulky crobat with taunt would shut this whole thing down lol .
if you do n't have the time to read it here are some good quotes from here which belong on this sub
credit is the economic judgment on the morality of a man .
in credit the man himself instead of metal or paper has become the mediator of exchange not however as a man but as the mode of existence of capital and interest .
the medium of exchange therefore has certainly returned out of its material form and been put back in man but only because the man himself has been put outside himself and has himself assumed a material form .
within the credit relationship it is not the case that money is transcended in man but that man himself is turned into money or money is incorporated in him .
human individuality human morality itself has become both an object of commerce and the material in which money exists .
instead of money or paper it is my own personal existence my flesh and blood my social virtue and importance which constitutes the material corporeal form of the spirit of money . ''
... as long as man does not recognize himself as man and therefore has not organized the world in a human way this community appears in the form of estrangement because its subject man is a being estranged from himself . ''
we are to such an extent estranged from man 's essential nature that the direct language of this essential nature seems to us a violation of human dignity whereas the estranged language of material values seems to be the well-justified assertion of human dignity that is self-confident and conscious of itself . ''
our mutual value is for us the value of our mutual objects .
hence for us man himself is mutually of no value . ''
when do you have time to play our match ?
i said what i think then said the main reason why .
i started with just a ps4 and ps4 camera since it 's all super user-friendly and does n't require a capture card but obviously this is n't helpful if you are n't planning to stream ps4 stuff .
i only really started so my friends could watch me play games they would n't play themselves and i got a few other followers along the way .
i 'm still really small but i got the courage to keep doing it by having fun with my dedicated group of friends that watch .
i 'll pass on my wisdom my ideas my love etc .
since my window is next to the parking lot in my apartment complex i can hear conversations very well outside .
can be 12am i 'd be asleep and i wake up to hear shit thinking its coming from inside my room o\_o
this was her accepting she will be all alone will always chose her career over a man .
when you 've been that close to someone are feeling strong emotions sometimes sex is how you want to express it even if those emotions are sad not happy .
they still love care for each other they are saying goodbye .
he 's really bad at palming a basketball which is pretty important
he was so sure of his information and why should n't he be ?
a worldly redditor who peruses daily the various institutions of fact-checked information from those agenda free bastions of transparency backed by only ever the most beneviolent of capital opps i mean money .
not that he had counted himself but he knew for certain somebody had .
this somebody in the government well trained and who could be trusted to take census of the magnitude of growing discontent in the very construct they worked out of .
and when they arrived at 70 thousand and it was put out to the papers it suddenly became that a mere 70 thousand people made up the collective of this social unrest .
if you did the math that only worked out to 0.001 of the population .
reasonable and logical minds thus conluded that such a movement was something to scoff at .
thank god i did n't play football but a nearby school had 4 nfl players .
pouncey twins and chris rainey a 5th round rb that ran a 4.36 at the combine .
they won back to back national championships then the four went to florida and won another .
as soon as a trucker finds this thread they 'll be here to tell you how they 're limited to going 68 mph by devices in their trucks and how small car drivers are the unsafe ones even though i had a truck pass me doing 75 going uphill earlier .
if aito iguchi makes the league then women can too .
dying to a cop is such a tiny amount of the deaths in america it 's not even worth mentioning
oh it 's worth it 's worth so much .
us cops kill so many people it 's not even funny .
30 of us immigrants are not fluent in english and do not speak it even passably .
i really do n't get your view of this .
and i see his of attempting to be triggering ''
imagine someone going into a chicfila knowing that there 's a connotation of chicfila being a conservative owned christian company and when they ask for a name that person says i love gays '' and chuckles with his friends .
if the employee goes fuck it '' and puts it on the bag and calls out an order for i love gays . ''
they literally got the exact thing they asked for .
people would be complaining if a starbucks employee refused to put merry christmas on the cup .
someone really has to have a problem with everything .
impact is a rock though hes not a lane bully so its going to be even stabilize
stixxayhas gone even done well vs dl in the past .
i dont expect dl to solo kill stixxay and vice versa like i saw today .
trading back with skins might be good though if we decide to get a vet qb let dalton or flacco .
could get a guard at 15 and te wr with the two 2nd rounders
why is there such a big padlock for some smol birbs ?
i 'll be using a young donor but i 'm already 35 .
i have a bunch of schulz who married schulz in my tree and i just presumed that they liked to erm stay close to their extended family .
good on trinity for going out of her way to call out manila 's contribution
account linking will be available in feb 5 when season 6 releases .
change sex in this video to random gifts of money '' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=oqbei5jgit8 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=oqbei5jgit8
gtlm might be slowly sneaking into top 10 again .
insulting people copying other server concepts and spreading lies wont help you make big .
you are not someone who can run a server .
not gon na lie op you sound kinda ... sophomoric .
i feel like from what you 're describing you 're gon na have this problem all the time .
either you need to stop doing aggravating things or find someone who does n't find it aggravating because as a bystander this relationship sounds kinda doomed .
thats why i like drakos vedius and deficio they are just genuine and do n't need pre-worked on material
they absolutely do not care what anyone thinks outside of their little urban bubbles
it 's actually tradition for us to eat there before a show .
it 's beta.. they called it demo but it 's a 6 week old build and nothing more than a beta stress test .
you have until 01/27 08:23 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20190128t012357 .
it 's 3rd and 7 on the smu 30 .
u/houldbeope reply with run or pass and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' aj1hhl ''
i have a video of trump pissing on russian prostitutes ... . remember that ? ? ?
be proud of it and true friends will come .
uhmm actually talking to each other instead of going on phones all the time .
i have a corner where the grass is thriving too .
did n't the egyptians just shave everything and use wigs ?
dreadlocks in the long long ago were useful because they were low maintenance and worked well if you did lots of physical labor .
so i think lots of places invented them independently .
euthanasia and self determination are two very different concepts .
i remember joining cod lobby 's and everyone talking .
only solution to fix this is to disable party chat in siege which will probably never happen .
as stated i recommend you use looking for group .
the speed of light is exactly 299,792,458 metres per second .
i do mine for 1min30 to 2 at most any more and you just get a modern art version of a boiled egg .
water is just at a lightly rolling boil as they cook btw
in ireland there 's little else to invest in other than property .
yeah some old fat dude who 's 0-1 should be a easy one for him .
careful michiah bragging before you actually win will jinx ya .
i have an animal plastics t10 and a radiant heat panel and i could n't be happier there 's a recent picture of my enclosure in my history .
it 's very simple to maintain and my snake has been thriving .
i can go into the proven origins of god too .
but the book i mentioned the invention of god covers it .
judaism evolved from earlier religions just like any other .
whatever you want to call him has been traced back to to being a local storm god of a wandering tribe called the shausu i believe .
yhwh 's earliest origins dates back to a deified mountain .
he even had a wife asherah the goddess and queen of heaven
so johnny captures the midcard title and becomes a twisted sidekick to tomasso .
sort of a bizarro world version of batman and robin .
so uh are any lmp2 cars going to finish this race ?
one thing to try is to think about your back foot doing the shuv motion but instead of shoving straight behind you shove back and slightly in the direction of travel .
fuck it have ricochet win the rumble and aj win the title tomorrow night tear the house down at mania
so does this mean ricochet is in the rumble tomorrow ?
i have used google voice on a spare old phone with hangouts dialer and wifi .
you could also always use the gv number with whatsapp and make whatsapp calls too .
no need for a carrier as long as you have wifi .
i think you 've got the timeline a little twisted tcw got close to rots but never even addressed directly to my memory just showed anakin being aggressive .
ahsoka was no longer a jedi by the events of rots .
if your girlfriend 's grandma has epilepsy note that seizure medication has greatly advanced over 40 years my grandfather had the same issue .
the more often you have auras partials the more susceptible you 'll be to more of them in the next few weeks .
if you 're able to get good sleep a healthy diet and a compatible aed medicine then reduced seizures will lead to fewer auras etc .
i 'd start watching some youtube on the basics and just learn the beat .
i 've had guys refuse to do it but go because i wanted to go but would n't let me dance with anyone else .
get her to teach you on a few dances but also let her go dance with her friends in there .
if it 's something she loves and you like her you can totally learn it and enjoy dancing with her because she loves it .
be stupid confident and ready to laugh at yourself when you mess up .
wow you could build part of a wall with that kind of money !
if the arrival of a '90s nostalgia trip does n't spawn new animaniacs/pinky the brain then it 'll be all for naught .
my fiancé and i have both worked with children and young adults like yourself with ieps and 504s .
i 'm so sorry the person who was assigned to you is a implore and utter asshat .
i know you said you 've had her removed from your iep but please consider going to the administration and asking them to permanently remove her from your schedule .
you do n't need a person like that spewing that kind of crap around you .
those who funded the different leave campaigns and constantly pushed their message across social networks on the other hand ...
can you name a song that i should hear ?
that 's exciting that people are being supportive on the gofundme !
i hope others in your life are being supportive too 💛
i hope you have a lovely relaxing day and safe travels to ny !
i do n't know whether be happy about that nice conversation or the willing to kill you for using jesus
i have never played a zelda game in my life and i finally picked this up two weeks ago after a year of contemplating lol .
honestly i do n't remember having this much fun playing a video game in a long time !
if anyone wants practice against a cammy add me .
look at essential university physics the textbook used in 151/152 .
you 'll be expected to know pretty much all of the concepts in that book .
well it 's true but private conversation.time should not be punished but he should apologize .
i was thinking about having a differential ... you are right though
and that fence would be good if it were ten feet taller .
unnecessarily complicates the item and just band-aid fixes the core issue .
unfortunately your account is too young to post at this time please wait a few days and then try again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/apple if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not into metal but here 's my two cents .
i worked at one of those guitar based lesson studios and everyone there was into metal including my manager .
that gives me a whole 5th to work with of range .
with guitar players exploring ever deeper territory it 's only right that basses reclaim it .
i suggest using a bassist who 's into the drop range say for example a 5 string in drop a as the deeper bassist and using a standard tuning or even tenor tuned bass as the second bass .
it brings to mind that the double bass is named from it 's doubling of the cello part which was traditionally considered the bass and who 's range is similar to an extended range guitar .
no it 's not because that 's the worst of all worlds that no-one wants .
if half the family want to move house and the other half want to stay you do n't move into a tent at the bottom of the garden .
wait they never removed other people not being able to spectate you ?
big brain cheating keep spamming tillerino for silences so nobody can livespec you
during the nineties people voted for asshole and pretty fly so better is debatable
parce que bon des gens qui travaillent sur le sujet il y en a plein avec sans doute des objectifs différents .
si tu veux on peut dire 100 de réussite puisque c'est la limite max ...
en partant de là où on est parti et où on se situe entre les deux ?
un petit effort pour lire ce que les gens te répondent .
c'est même écrit dans le morceau que tu as quote ...
they get really sarky if you still play them though .
i asked you not to play me and you did anyway .
i 'll probably get downvoted but the match was underwhelming for me .
i do n't think i get close to that 2013 4x4 4.0l v6
it 's outta my control i 'm no martin luther king jr .
he 's a scumbag who takes pleasure in emotionally abusing anyone who 's life he feels has n't been hard enough .
he 's the worst kind of person and no woman in their right mind would give him the time of day .
i do not know the content of that post but you ca n't limit file size for rss filters instead you can go for smaller resolutions 720p or 480p instead of 1080p that will help me in some smaller size of files to e grabbed
and think about how many small businesses his company has crushed and put out of business .
and how many vacuums were created in communities as a result much like the walmart effect the high cost of low prices '' .
and not all of it was done through greater efficiency and the free '' market though obviously some was certainly through innovation and foresight .
a good deal of amazon 's initial appeal came from their ability to compete without having to tack on sales tax in the first decade of its existence and now they get sweetheart tax subsidies to set up shop .
the amount of wealth he has accumulated is also a testament that he could have paid his employees more and does n't need communities to subsidize amazon 's business development .
they 're alethi an entire culture based around conquest and war .
your comment is a microagression because i had chinese food a couple of weeks ago
you have a big place to start out with and walk around and get items and stuff
one was for left speakers one was for the right side
the lighting is very butyrsky https www.google.com/search ? q=butyrsky+alexey like
my family isnt full of lazy pieces of shit .
it 's really kind of you to do this for the family .
i 'd be honored to have someone do this for me .
we are already on one atom capacitors and quantum pcs .
for a first time in dota panel i think rich did pretty well .
i 'm a descendant of concentration camp survivors and i 'm an active football fan in germany fuck off nazi d
edit this guy is a holocaust denier i 've already reported him ...
vampire diaries was okay but the originals is really great imo .
i see your point but if i move the cookware out then i ca n't cook either .
we have three kids so i end up having to clean it even it 's just so i can use it later
looking back this is still one of the best consoles i 've ever had !
even though you had to sit by the wall with it plugged in it was so cool to be able to hold the whole thing in your hand .
i have fond memories of rage-quitting the lion king and aladdin .
it 's so smooth and still in alpha stages !
it 's 2nd and 10 on the bethune-cookman 40 .
i actually have an apartment that i 'm trying to sublease right now with 2 open rooms .
it 's in the north bottoms so it 's pretty close to campus too .
pm me if you 're interested or have questions !
a lot of places do n't have recycling collection .
where i am the town does n't collect you have to drive it to a center .
that 's what i am asking too ! ! !
dude first off stop trying to act like a smart-ass .
lol i 'm a voice actor of sorts when i play sea of thieves so i coulda been in character when i made a sot post ya never know argh
i 'm just imagining a bunch of wolves running around with hair like a show yorkie
they 'll say things bad about stuff you think are normal .
its amazing that they eat meat from animals killed for that purpose
i found a photo of my great grandfather smoking a cigarette .
you should be aware of the actions but you dont need to condemn them .
have any past us presidents before the 21st century been black or jewish or knowingly married to blacks or jews ?
of course not cos they were subtlely racist on these matters .
abe might have helped free the negro but theres no way he woulda married one washington owned them and didnt like it when they ran away .
but this shouldnt really be condemned as it was the moral standard of the day .
you sound jealous that a seed has n't been planted in you
cloudy not entirely solid due to air or other impurities .
i did the large exhale '' after watching this clip .
i mean i knew how it turned out but listening to her folks made it 10x worse .
or maybe we vote for classical music since this is a sub for classical music ?
due to lesser geographical separation they have maintained more direct cultural links with india french is the main language but nearly everyone speaks english and an additional indian language but still distinct .
hopefully this comment helps you not make the same mistake again .
so the antagonist is this guy manga title s that saw the opportunity to make his own rule and pretty much was starting to create a dictatorship being able to hand pick who would be able to live on this new world choosing from the petrified humans who would be brought back and who would be broken now the group of the antagonist has their own abilities but they do n't really rely on science to do battle of course everyone uses it but the bad guys are focusing on something else meanwhile the protagonist is using the power of science to step by step move forward for pretty much everything and i mean everything . ''
but the villain was never the goal to be defeated the main goal of the story the challenge is to rebuild civilisation all the way to the space era to bring back all 7 billion humans .
as for the antagonist manga title s he is still around lets just say that he is no longer in a position with the power to be troublesome for various different reasons . ''
a-1 is just trying to send a message play persona
most definitely american as that is an american veterans cap .
as long as those killed were pedos and murderers i would n't have a problem going nuts on that button .
the mist i saw that ending happening from a mile away i was like no he 's not going to kill them and then be saved right away is he ?
short list of countries we have not stolen resources from
a counter-argument to the post 's argument which was that the military industrial complex has been stealing resources from certain countries for a long time
i 've no idea if it 's underrated or not but i 've been binging hotel hell .
although i could deal with seeing less of gordon ramsay 's bare ass ...
i just plan on reminding you of your stupidity for a long long time .
you gon na go reply to some random comment of mine now ?
yeah mine is plenty for me right now and probably for a while .
all the size upgrades i 'll get is probably a windscreen monitor .
i was going to use my tv as a monitor then found a 1280x1024 75hz monitor for 5 usd .
sleepy hollow is a movie and a series about the headless rider
go watch pride kid wipe dana 's nuts of your forehead
intentionally stating that a white dad would have a white kid and a black mom would have a black child because that 's how genes work ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lodeddiper if you have any questions or concerns .
try using the cpu cooler on a different mobo kung kaya mo .
try mo unplug and then plug again sa cpu header .
kung ayaw pa rin try replacing it with other fans baka bumigay na yung fan nyan
probably want like 1200 or more for the room too seeing where it is .
i think it looks oddly familiar because the same meme has been posted all day
talking about walls ... .and how if you do n't eat yer meat you ca n't have any pudding .
how can you have any pudding if you do n't eat yer meat ?
😏 i 'm sure i 'll need lots of training time to do the job right and it may take a while to learn the job due to distractions in the area .
ricochet vs gargano of course was the best match but i thought shayna was the mvp .
she does such a good job making you get emotionally invested in her opponent .
i legitimately felt sad after this and the last kairi match seeing them lose .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your question has been removed as it looks like you 're needing assistance of some sort which violates askreddit 's rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2
any post with personal pronouns i my mine will not be approved .
otherwise if these do n't fit your needs check out the multireddits in our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/about/sidebar which cover almost every topic imaginable thanks !
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help related post review request message=my post was removed for being help related please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/ak9krv/can_someone_please_explain_to_me_why_there_are .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
better question would be why are you rolling up to butchers when there are people even in that fucking town ?
either be smart and avoid them like i do or shoot first .
yeah but changing a post name after it 's been posted is a sign of weakness .
if you search this guy 's post history you 'll probably find him posing as a black man .
7 is like once a year i 'm lucky to get 5
in my head he stepped out doing the cover of that abc rap song just gradually getting louder until he 's red faced screaming
my wife is 10years older i have sex with an older woman all the time 😉
see also when 3 different characters are all talking at the same time especially when the subtitles are n't color coded to make it easier to tell who 's talking
i thought the nbrc or coarc established it to be a requirement by 2020 ?
preemptive edit just relaized i was thinking of the accrediting body for csts not rt .
and what about the son who has to miss out on time with his mom and sister because they are away chasing a dream ?
time for vp to win another major and still somehow manage to shit the bed in 7 months
i do n't even need to complete by dastardly mesothelioma scheme they 've gone and doomed themselves !
from what i 've read/understand the leaves just now growing in the center are my 3rd or 4th set of nodes 3rd set of 5 leafs plus obvious starter leaves not sure if those count as 'nodes ' and when these leaves grow a bit more a few days i should snip them ?
will transplant into larger container in the next couple weeks also .
sorry guys i 'm a noob and any advice is much appreciated .
comparative politics and engineering is an interesting mix though .
need to know which ones to go to avoid !
i was leaving a job because of what i considered intolerable non work related requests and being denied a pay rise after it was promised because the funds were spent elsewhere .
i was called in by hr for an exit interview and was ready to let fly .
i had a sweet job lined up and nothing to lose .
i did get on well with the hr guy and i do n't know if he sensed my anger but he started off by asking me a question about streaming music and we chatted about that and other things for a while .
in the end he said he did n't really bother with exit interviews .
four years later my new job was almost over because the project had ended .
i got a call from my old manager asking if i could come back to work with them .
i was able to get 50 more money than previously plus working from home three or four days a week and run my projects without their previous micromanagement .
so i was glad i did n't burn any bridges in that case .
i worked there for another three years until the company was sold to a large conglomerate and left because of their scummy past but this time had no hesitation in telling my reasons because there was no way i would ever ever work for those pricks .
i want to see it in like 200 years in the anime .
hold you 're left thumb into your left fist .
kills the gag reflex for some or at the very least makes it less sensitive .
class must be oozing out of each and every one of this dude 's orifices .
well we seem to be at an impasse both of us seem to agree this argument might not work out .
i was n't talking about telling them i mean providing proof to their new supply and messing up their new relationship .
soon i will have 7 upvotes and i can go to school in peace
seems like a dead sub now but hey at least there 's top of all time
i 'm optimistic because it 's pretty far away but it 's still scary .
we 've already cancelled our regular trip down to portland because they 're seeing an outbreak .
to answer that i 'll give a bit more insight to the full story .
she had a son we started dating she cheated on me with her sons dad got pregnant and was convinced it was his so she broke up with me and got back together with him .
when he was born i demanded a dna test and the results came back that he was mine she broke up with him because he shunned our son .
so we got back together and about a year later she cheated on me her first sons dad again .
after missing my sons birth i guess being there for our daughters blinded me to a lot of the way she was acting .
after i her dna test i tried to stay and work it out i loved her .
the baby girl but i was away working and my friend sent me her tinder profile .
i then proceeded to spend 10k just to prove in court i should be in our sons life 50 of the time .
the first thing she did when we split was remove me from the daughters birth certificate the only reason i 'm not raising her/paying child support is because she was collecting from her real father .
so i guess i proceeded in a rough few months of watching this little girl who knew me as daddy stop calling me daddy .
i 'm still in her life as much as i can be i still sing to her everytime i see her .
her face still lights up when she sees me .
i guess i continue to love her and hope she never stops loving me .
she is such a wholesome and amazing companion keeps getting better .
if it is obvious that you are there to use your turrets to mow down lines of ghouls you may not have the same experience as me .
but side note my camp is called 19th hole '' lol
i think part of ops complaint is that if there were extra steps required to make the food look like it does in the book maybe it should be included in the recipe even as optional steps at the end
optional step 7 replace cooked meat and veggies with painted styrofoam .
because those are the types of tricks he 's talking about .
i agree it 's perhaps even more misleading to do this in a cook book showing something you can allegedly create than say a pic on a cereal box or a mcdonald 's commercial .
but most food wont look pretty unless you know how to make it look pretty which is not always the same thing as preparing it well .
most people who cook understand this is the case .
... and many people are aware that food photography is largely bullshit as well ...
just to be clear you are n't disputing any of those points ?
there are a huge number of variables involved in an actual societal/human dynamic that are not represented in your calculation .
the most important of which are time and timing as already stated .
also willingly posted a picture of him mouthbreathing to the internet .
i buy pamprin it 's the only thing that really works consistently for me .
it has acetaminophen in it plus helps with other pms period stuff
ok. give me a minute to boot back up .
but still that movie is 7 months away and disney has plenty of other high profile releases before it .
i think they might have one or two more just because how many huge releases there are this year .
but i 'd say captain marvel endgame aladdin and toy story 4 are all more likely .
i do n't think they 'll want lion king to take the spotlight from aladdin in the disney classic remakes department .
they still need to build proper hype for it .
i would n't necessarily be surprised if we got a lion king spot but i would n't put money on it .
they also have to pay for the rent on the studio and buisness property in nyc must be insane .
best case scenario you 'll probably be a labourer doing work for an hourly wage and maybe a tiny scrap of the profit .
worst case scenario you 'll be sucked in to some sort of scam or pyramid scheme .
since this involves seminars '' and is mass-advertised on the radio i 'm leaning towards the latter .
dolph had a bad experience in the 2012 rumble with kharma .
hmmmm how about we do a in public signage ?
it wants me to share and i do n't have a facebook or whatsapp 😢
i am not a dentist but had a similar experience with my tooth extraction .
i was really really paranoid about getting dry socket and had one wisdom and one premolar removed at the same time .
the wisdom felt fine but my premolar was throbbing for at least a week .
this tooth had a really bad infection before being pulled so i think this contributed to the pain due to the extra swelling i already had .
i was so worried about the appearance and colour inside the socket because it turned white and i had the throbbing pain .
the white colour is mostly because that 's just how things look when they heal jn our oral cavities .
think of getting wounds on your lips or cheeks the healing tissues turns white .
i called my dentist and they assured me it was normal and that dry socket pain is really really horrible .
if you are still feeling really worried you should call your dentist so they can make appropriate treatment plans for you if it is dry socket .
my guess is no but i am not a medical professional .
every advancement of civilisation has been because of science .
none came about because of the 'thoughts and prayers ' of a religion .
you can only assert that erroneous and egregious idea to us because of science .
who regarded scientific enquiry as a worse sin than lust also said that hell was made for the inquisitive '' .
to seek to discover more was a sin and therefore also a crime the crime of curiositas .
for him scientific curiosity knowledge and learning '' was as a more serious sin than lust .
science has continuously uprooted gods from their comfortable locations and pushed them to the tiny back corners and farthest reaches of reality .
there is no room for a god anywhere in the universe nor the blind stupidity of your st augustine .
those 'theories ' are frameworks of understanding and are built of tried and tested facts .
those theories have put men on the moon sent our presence to all the other worlds and outside of this solar system have fed billions more than your prayers ever could eradicated diseases your puny ineffectual god could not and let 's you communicate around the world instantly .
how big a hypocrite does one have to be to use a computer to say what great things has science done ? ''
reference a tragic and abhorrent time in our nation 's history ?
i still feel like it 's a dick move but i 'm trying to remind myself that he 's the one that has n't been able to live by my three very basic practically ‘just be a good human' parameters which is arguably infinitely more dickish .
when i was 7 my arm got cut open to the bone and i could see it and i screamed till i passed out .
do you think they will release any 97 ovr ?
the one that expires in 2020 so they can blame trump 's replacement .
he is the same on twitch ... comes in to female streamers and ask them to sit on his face tells people how he hate homosexuals etc as the first message .
must have some kind of illness for real and not just use the name .
i got number 2 in my men 's royal rumble pool .
oh wow there is tons of dissenting views and conservative takes more people will be banned in that post than a t_d cope thread
if it 's bothering you so much just ask him directly .
they actually showed a vidoe of it i believe .
it pulled a bunch of probes destroyed the pylon and was able to spawn a zelot before the second pylon finished .
the ai plays so safe that it almost always has a gateway built as the first building .
you 're good i got an email saying we are linked .
he does n't have to jump at your calling .
there is sin in asking for signs do n't test god .
it is not pride to show others who ask of the god of the bible
i 'm pretty sure you have to feed both at the same time or they 'll fight over the food and potentially eat the other head .
c i v i l d i s c u s s i o n
you can turn at literally any point in your life doing it instead of school is well a poor decision .
yea i find it funny that this gif and the last one like it i saw earlier show the enemy dumping ults into empty gravs
shot in front of the same exterior as paddy 's pub .
not long ago i got few yellow wild type and red cherries .
now i have mostly yellows and wild type but also few red blue and green ones .
my favorite song in smoke and mirrors deluxe is who we are
i mean you need a buttload of commandblocks but it works ...
i mean yeah you need the pc version for mods .
fallout new vegas is my favorite game of all time so i highly suggest you get that .
neither have aged well but i still find them both to be masterpieces of their time .
why would the us start a war over 5 billion ?
is it weird that i never call my kid by his name ?
here it 's called becoming meine geschichte '' which translates to becoming my story '' .
i 've seen this meme a lot on here and i love it what 's the original ?
what would be cool is one where you have to mount up and go stationary for a few seconds to brace from huge kickback .
to answer your question directly from a 30/0/0 pet an unmaxed uncommon it will take 8527 feed power to max the first ability then another 7791 feed power to max the second ability 16318 feed power total .
using only 600 feed power items it would take about 819 fame to get to 50/50/0 a maxed uncommon .
using only 800 feed power items it would take about 612 fame to get to 50/50/0 .
this is not including the costs to upgrade your pet yard .
for more a much much more detailed answer see otherbill 's a mathematical approach to pet levelling '' https www.realmeye.com/forum/t/a-mathematical-approach-to-pet-levelling/149 which i highly recommended you to read if you have some spare time .
for more reading see realmeye 's article on pet fusing https www.realmeye.com/wiki/pet-fusing and pet feeding https www.realmeye.com/wiki/pet-feeding or just anything under its pets https www.realmeye.com/wiki/pets section in general .
i 'm thinking it 's like the lamprey they 're alive but they have no control and ride shotgun while it has full access to everything they know
it 's as much for us to see as it is for their population to see the single party state who promised to bring greatness in exchange for political obedience has to live up to their image
it always feels weird to hear or say my full name
love the background because bordem 's got a new best friend
there are ways to stick it to the man '' without actually pulling a trigger
i live out in the sticks with shit internet and a data cap and i have to carefully ration every last mb of it .
windows does not give a single fuck it will yell at me for weeks for missing updates then it just does it anyways .
if india win this they should rest all their core players for the next 2 particularly shami
might as well complain that everyone did n't have welling 's in the botd cutscene and you do n't start at the docks .
it honestly does n't matter if cutscenes get contradicted .
i do n't get the whole gaming elitism thing it 's not like by playing a more complex/challenging game that you 've found a cure for cancer .
people should play whatever makes them happy i 'm a console guy but if someone 's thing is playing candy crush on their tablet/phone let them enjoy gaming on whatever platform suits them .
i could let my mum be suckered in by apps like 'candy crush ' or i can get her a ds or a cheap pc and get her playing games like 'zuma 's revenge ' or 'peggle ' .
games that have all the same draw to them but with no micro-transactions and that are n't purposely built so that you always lose at certain levels unless you pay money .
there are always real game alternatives to any of these shitty mobile apps that wo n't try and gouge you for money and not trying to steer people towards the former and away from the later is frankly mean .
i am not a huge fan of phone or tablet games myself but the games have improved hugely over the years and there 's obviously a market .
back when games like 'plants vs zombies ' and 'rayman jungle run ' came out on mobile in 2009 and 2012 respectively and when they where porting entire console experiences like 'gta 3 ' and 'the amazing spiderman ' to mobile they had a legit alternative to handheld systems like the ds and psp and people thought the 3ds and vita would be crushed by smartphones ... but no .
premium crack cocaine has a market that does n't mean we should fucking encourage it or be ok when they start slipping bits of cocaine into other food .
because that 's what mobile apps are they 're dangerous and addictive and now their monitisation methods are finding their way into real mainstream games .
i get the skinning thing though but however is it any different to developers releasing a game on console for 70 quid then less than a few months later selling dlc for it ?
the cod franchise is a classic example selling weapon skins and so on so for me there 's not much difference in afraid .
'star wars battlefront 2 ' for example is n't really a game it 's a piece of shit designed to advertise and sell loot-boxes .
it looks like a game from the outside but really it 's just a disgusting vehicle for selling micro-transactions and gambling to children and the psychologically vulnerable .
as more and more games become infested with this shit games like 'assassin 's creed odyssey ' and the upcoming 'devil may cry 5 ' for example .
they 're taking something that is a game and infecting it with this shit ...
if a mobile phone app is a gram of cocaine and a video game is a meal at a restaurant then something like 'assassin 's creed odyssey ' is a really nice chicken curry that some cunt sprinkled a little cocaine into ... you might not notice but it 's still wrong and we should fight against it .
stuff like 'star wars battlefront 2 ' however is a fast food burger that 's been completely coated with cocaine .
at this point the food is n't even that good the only reason people keep eating it is they 're addicted to the cocaine and if people do n't stop getting suckered into this kind of shit we wo n't have any food left that does n't have a little cocaine in it and i do n't want that shit in my food .
i live in europe the netherlands and i can assure you very few people who travel by bus wear expensive watches .
that there are people out there who could hurt other people with no remorse and even worse people who hurt kids .
in the end the circle disappears and the other guy surely did n't have outlander consumer and 50 med kits so he died to the storm damage .
glad mine grew in straight and i get to keep them all
depend how much proc you have on ctp of energy .
but you need at least 180-200 proc on your double lightning obelisk so t3 thor can really shine .
mine has 180 proc on double lightning obelisk 38.6+36.4 and he does quite well although ctpe with 200 is way better .
as ctp of energy are rare i would recommend building double lightning obelisk or combination of lightning damage crit dmg or crit rate 180/200 proc .
how the hell did you manage to pull it off ?
you managed to make me hate the loli trio somehow
there are many many people who can‘t do sports they like to watch .
„you can know how a good burger has to look without beeing able to create one yourself.
your account is brand new and to prevent spammers from posting here we filter new accounts from being able to post .
if you believe your account and post should be allowed please click the link below to contact the moderators of r/bradford and we 'll look into it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bradford if you have any questions or concerns .
you seriously underestimate the kind of shit that 'll go down once we have space combat
it has gone from what was supposed to be a cultural quarter to a small area filled with trashy wasted brits .
that was not what the area intended to be for
i am sure that the supporter of more tourist accommodation in temple bar would have a different opinion if they were living not store to a trashy british hen party for the entire summer
the legal tussle with his wife would surely have taught him a lot
is the bloodied mini and lever action both 1*s ?
people ca n't manage crack usage because it 's a chemical addiction .
not a mental one such as gaming or gambling .
and i get what you 're saying i just disagree .
if somebody can quit cold turkey they can generally just as easily use moderation .
generally if they can quit all together they can practice moderation .
and i think that 's a better goal to strive for .
and yes i also understand that some people can not practice moderation and have to quit cold turkey if it 's negativity impacting their life so much .
but i think people should try for moderation first .
and then if that does n't work then go cold turkey but only if that does n't work .
but i wan na ask if someone wants to just play videogames all day and never do anything else why should they feel bad for that if that 's what make them happy ?
if it makes you happy is it really negatively impacting your life ?
or are people telling you that it 's negatively impacting your life ?
it is n't uncommon for animals to protect other species young .
understandably it is also not uncommon to specifically hunt young because they are vulnerable but remember reading about a cheetah or something that brought a baby monkey back into where its tribe kinda was after the cat found its mother dead or something .
might 've killed the mother ... it was a weird story .
he also is n't the first person i 've heard about getting lost and claiming a bear or something like a bear saved them .
even adults say a bear came and got them when something else was attacking them or getting stuck in a fast river etc .
looking for the stories but this new one is taking all the first google pages up for itself .
skinner was wrong the act is n't over this is where the fun begins .
nah it 's a theme park game like aion and tera .
i will be messaging you on 2019-02-04 10:59:56 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2019-02-04 10:59:56 utc to local time to remind you of this link .
click this link http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message https www.reddit.com/r/squarespace/comments/akm5xj/would_squarespace_give_me_the_ability_to_have 0a 0aremindme !
1 week to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
faqs http np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/24duzp/remindmebot_info custom http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message link inside square brackets else default to faqs 0a 0anote do n't forget to add the time options after the command. 0a 0aremindme !
your reminders http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=list of reminders message=myreminders !
feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebotwrangler subject=feedback code https github.com/silver remindmebot-reddit browser extensions https np.reddit.com/r/remindmebot/comments/4kldad/remindmebot_extensions
it 's always nice when you can tell someone loves their characters .
i looked up the etymology but the origin is unknown .
there are attempts at explaining it that are n't confirmed .
my own theory is that maybe southpaw '' has something to do with native american languages .
but i know nothing about those so it 's not a solid theory .
cgix i bought only like 1k shares when they did their offering for .23 cents and i sold then for .30 the other day .
i would just say i 'm really interested in working for your company however i 'm not in a financial situation to work a job that ca n't at least cover my cost of living .
i 've calculated i will need at least x amount to stay afloat are you able to offer any other benefits such as housing allowance or increase the salary ?
i have been offered another position which will cover my cost of living but this position seems like a better fit if i can recieve a comparable salary '' .
to think i 'm one sleep away from this title i ca n't believe it 's real
i should very much like to touch it again ...
i feel like what 's missing here is that the pnw area usually gets a little snow which starts melting a bit then freezes overnight .
if it were just montana-style snow drifts that stayed snow we 'd be ok it 's all the ice that gets iffy .
what you say should n't make sense because that 's not how the cognitive functions work but honestly for all intents and purposes in real life that 's pretty much what i see .
gaslighting manipulate someone by psychological means into questioning their own sanity .
from infancy i was taught that i as a mortal was 'an enemy unto god ' that my natural views of morality and ethics were fallen and corrupted .
i was taught to abandon what i thought was right and wrong and instead embrace their authoritative statements as eternal reality .
i was taught to 'doubt my doubts ' about lgbt doctrine being wrong or doctinre on blacks and the priesthood being wrong .
i was taught my sanity was not good enough to know true right from wrong and that i needed prophets and apostles to tell me what is right and what is wrong .
then as people start to see through this and trust more what they actually see feel and know we again are taught to 'lean not unto thine own understanding ' we are taught that those that abandon the claims of the church are really deceived wandering in darkness and unhappy when the exact opposite is typically true .
when people start to notice historical claims have been changed or altered or abandoned the church then slyly tries to rewrite history claiming 'it was always taught like this ' and 'its your fault you trusted 'mortal prophets speaking as men ' instead of learning this for yourself ' etc .
the historical revisioninsm continues even with little things like lying about the expected number of missionaries out today holland confidently predicted/expected 100,000 youth full time missonaries yet the press release said the actual number of 65,000 'was expected ' instead of the much higher number that did not materialize .
subtle little lies and distortions to get people to doubt what they really knew and to embrace the 'new narrative ' .
the purpose of gaslighting after all is control over the preson who can no longer trust themselves who then must trust you instead .
when people over and over claim the temple ordiances do n't need to be changed because the leaders have said so and then claim the new changes to the temple are so welcome and good because the leaders say so even though these are completely contradictory if the change was good and welcome and an improvement this means that prior to the change a change was needed for improvement contrarty to what leaders said before i 'd say the gaslighting has been effective .
they have abandoned their own thinking and embrace whatever the leaders tell them even if it flies in the face of reality and is proveably wrong because they no longer trust their own selves and what they think feel and know instead deferring to what church leaders tell them .
over and over and over again the church tries to get us to abandon our own sanity and all the recorded verifiable information that proves them wrong and embrace their version of reality inspite of what we think know or feel .
doubt your doubts ' 'doubt yourself ' 'doubt your worthiness to think for yourself ' 'everything has been answered ! '
despite zero answers actually given especially officialy and on and on and on .
i 'd say gaslighting is actually fairly accurate as to what is going on as the church has to slowly abandon the ardent and proveable claims on reality of the past and move towards a more allegorical less literal narrative one where 'translate really means 'inspired '' and the like and where science can no longer continually prove their claims wrong .
and they ca n't do this if the members trust themselves more than they trust what they say and what they need them to believe in order to make that happen .
i had n't even noticed the s-rank guaranteed in 29 drops '' part of that screenshot so i was replying to the rest of it in my defense there was never a countdown there back when i was rolling standard .
that is really strong proof and your other armadamate 's findings serves as further validation .
i 'd add these screenshots with their explanation in the opening post so that future readers will properly take your psa under consideration .
i dont think he would do that lol hopefully not .
they said it was due to streaming issues or something .
the most important thing for today in our world is the development of technologies and this company is one of the leading that deals with this if you invest in the project you invest in the future of the world .
surely if you eat spiders you 'd want to eat a big one ?
it 's safe to say that you like the design .
it 's on my to do list for eventual upgrades
what comes to pt day or two intruction is actually what i 'm looking for .
i 'm travelling around asia and currently staying in bangkok for just a bit over week .
i think bangkok might be easiest way of getting some instructions in english .
i have literally been in gym last time nearly ten years ago and i have no idea about routines or equipment .
i 'm sure the gyms will be worse in some areas i will go so here it would be easy to learn some of the basics with good equipment and english speaking staff .
and yet people still watch him and expect it to change
you seem to be using words alpha and beta in really serious way .
im worried that you started reading red pill '' media which results in your negative attitude toward him
i have a similar connection to this with my best friend but i 'm in love with someone completely different .
just because you might not have a platonic connection like this does n't mean others ca n't .
do n't tell people how they feel based on your assumptions .
feeling/being abandoned by the only friend you have is literally soul crushing when you are used to talking to them every day .
ok your theory does make sense but i would n't consider that ‘suppressing ' search results .
i heard cats taste like rabbit but i have no idea what rabbit tastes like either
looks to be close to this spot on mt harvey https goo.gl/maps/7ygnrzpuytm
i heard somewhere that they were n't as open but that must have been wrong .
i think at the moment it 's essentially fake .
he 's or his moron cos is floating the idea to see the reaction .
at this stage saying anything other than i 'm not taking no for an answer would be bad negotiating like going into a car dealer and saying i 'm willing to pay sticker price but please give me the car for less.
he will fold or at best walk back the wall to be border security and maybe some wall replacement if he 's lucky and he 'll say he won .
do you have a discord i can pm you on ?
does anybody want to make a smallish reach community that just hangs out and plays some matches online every once in a while ?
you know the way you described it makes me want to wrap it with 2 conclusions
1. it is good that people can be who they want to be '' especially if that makes them happy in their lives and im happy with the strides that were made in quality of life of lgbt community
it is a form of mental illness even though people pretend it isnt .
i think the bigger issue here is the stigma that is associated with the term mental illness .
just because someone is mentally ill does not mean he is some sort of a lesser person .
afterall how are people treated on a sex change ?
first they see a psychiatrist and then are prescribed usually hormone therapy pills and or surgery now if that does not sound like curing illness i do n't know what does .
trump would n't know truth if it his him upside his fat ass with a time magazine with his face on it .
i like when i can level them enough for challenges .
l2 epic is good enough to fuck around with until i can level it
if you play as the storm class then you can fly for considerably longer pretty much indefinitely .
nemesis could have been improved by being directed by someone who had at least actually watched an episode of star trek before .
iirc stuart baird mentioned he wanted to make a film that was 'grand and operatic ' yet he had never seen star trek before .
it 's a little arrogant to come into such a beloved franchise and try to make a magnum opus with little to no knowledge of the universe beforehand .
unless something leaks in the next week or so i think we 're going to need to wait until toyfair to see what 's coming next .
i 'm also a fan of the newer 5poa figures and i 'm hoping they mix in a few non-resistance figures into the current line with the new packaging .
i 'm that 's the case that 's a terrible move by the frenchies
i believe the time loop started a little before quentins first year at brakebills .
and it seems kadys mom had dealings with marina way before the time loops so good chance marina in all timelines should know a kady .
it 's way more annoying when you miss one and it gives the error on the following line so you start to look for an error in that really simple next line ...
unfortunately your submission sorry not sorry has been removed for the following reason s
all posts must be memes and follow a general meme setup .
pictures without captions may be removed by a moderators discretion .
resubmitting a removed post without prior moderator approval can result in a ban .
i 'd say he could take shaggy to 30 power no problem
daughter managed to get her hands up in time at about the same age .
has some teeth marks and some functional weakness in her wrists still twenty years later .
i just moved to pa from florida a few months ago .
never saw snow in my entire life and honestly could n't believe snow flakes are actually shaped like this ❄️ .
the first day it snowed here was not even enough to show on the ground my daughter and i were outside searching for areas and leaves where the snow accumulated .
the next day it snowed a bit more and it really felt like a whole different world .
imo they never really drive into it they were just always there .
every game have their fair share of good and bad things just replay 1 for example .
i 'd say just lately most people realize it but only focus on the latest titles .
unless it produced a paradoxical side effect and gave you fatal familial insomnia
i 've actually never heard of this neurological evidence !
i 'll be looking it up to learn more .
would you happen to know where you got the info ?
not to mention they usually play better on other systems if portability is n't a big deal to you .
it would n't bother me in the slightest to be on the receiving end of this .
it 's clear your well-meaning friend did this on your behalf .
you 've done the right thing by thanking the people who bought you a gift and i would n't worry about anyone that did n't .
however i would be inclined to ask your friend to contact your mother in law and explain the situation .
hopefully that will make both of them feel awkward enough to be more understanding in your mil 's case and respectful of other people 's wishes in your friend 's case in the future .
yo i 'm in high school and it happens more often then people think .
there 's a girl who can not keep her hands where they should be .
i 've yelled at her countless times about how she would feel if someone did that to her .
she goes on to say how that is never gon na happen because she 's so ugly .
no no they fucking do n't and my years as a teenager are becoming less enjoyable and every day
keep farming her and soon you will have 35 ultracite explosive vet plans like everyone else
half an hour for each loot crate and every 10 minutes they raffled off 100,000 steel to one lucky viewer .
you had to be on the stream with your active window to get the prizes which i was .
stream lasted a little over 3 and half hours which would be 7 loot crates .
kgw has warped stance on race and does things they think are helping the community
did n't seem to matter to any of the places i stayed in .
the worst was living in student residences in south kensington 8 am and we had scaffolding and builders yelling and i was a dance student at the time who barely slept due to long hours spent training .
i abhor him with every bone in my body i wo n't even use his '' name that 's how much he disgusts me .
i think tyler is bringing up the nepotistic nonsense '' as a jab .
it could if you have a high refresh rate monitor and using pass through on the capture card .
it can also have some weird jaggedness if you are using gsync or atleast with my expierences anyway .
i have no doubt you are right and also i am very sorry you had to go through it too .
the maradona vs messi debate was something argetina did in order to push messi to win a world cup its like you never will be as good as him if you dont give us another title .
you can say messi dissapointed with the national team but the debate is just a tool argentina media have to push '' him to play harder with the national team in a me-vs-world scenario
william munny unforgiven is actually an older josey wales the outlaw josey wales .
no way of manually removing it now i mean it 's a matter of hours and i believe i am the person that suffered from the longest toxicity '' ban in the history of your platform ?
i was looking for the title of this movie .
but now we are leaving we do n't pay rent when we leave the building .
ignore the message as it was to a friend 😂 but proud of this one ... https i.imgur.com/tuuagu2.jpg
i would n't call his performance indifferent although i had a friend who thought he struggled to carry off menace .
myself i think he was excellent but the story should have made the turns in his character clearer .
he had a very hard role to pull off he was both a menacing charming and unpredictable cult leader a la manson but also a guy who was really deep down just blowing smoke and 'performing ' these attributes .
everyone was 'performing ' to some degree or another .
you are allowed 15 smash attacks and projectiles per game '' .
if someone 's coming through my window the only thing i 'm looking down is my sight picture .
i had a colleague run into the store at 7am morning shifts staff at 6am apologising profusely for being late .
it hurt to have to tell them that they were actually on the closing shift that day and were n't due to start until 2pm .
hope you guys will have to do it again for the phi and lac games
idk if it 's worth it unless it 's around the corner .
das einzige was bleibt wäre theoretisch ein unterlassungsanspruch der umgehung des geoblockings .
just imagine if had alex smith 's mental game .
even sanctioned tournaments run at regular rules enforcement level do n't require certified judges .
most sanctioned events that would be held at competitive rel would require a certified judge and the ones that do n't still likely want one .
an unsanctioned event would likely only need a certified judge if your event were to draw more than 32 players and that 'd just be to help it run smoother logistically not necessarily for rules knowledge .
iirc you can right click on the project and set engine version
i have alot of it but ca n't find anyone that really needs it in my team right now since my tank has her bracelet 5 now .
how did zven int i have not seen the game ?
you deleted all ur stuff and im like having a panic attack rn .
it 's hype when they say the title in general .
i remember that being one of the best parts of umineko for me hilariously .
seems a bit rash to label an an entire country anti-semitic purely because one party leader is a massive nonce
if cesaro cares about being a ‘pro wrestler ' he should leave wwe as soon as he can .
if it 's his dream to ‘sports entertain ' and have ‘wrestlemania moments ' and all that jazz he 's in the right place .
either way he should not be losing to pink-faced attention whore shane mcmahon .
for several years i 've been in complete charge or pretty much everything in my life .
people are saying vpn but i doubt you 'll need that .
the odds of running into someone who can trace your ip let alone someone who would ... you should be fine as long as you are n't a large streamer or have people actively trolling you .
it really would be a us roleplay because even though americans will claim their political ideology is the best they never install them abroad .
that 's because sucking at something is the first step of being kinda sorta good at it !
i would n't buy a filco these days leopold is just better and they are quite expensive .
if you can find a cheap masterkeys that 's not a bad option they at one point went for about 50 which is a killer price for a board like that .
that said i honestly do n't quite see the point they make sense for boards where no programmable alternative exists like the topre boards but if you just want a tkl why not just get one that 's programmable anyway like the xd87 or kbd8x ?
i understand what you 're going through because i feel that way right now .
i 've been living for the small things like tv shows my cat books etc .
do you have any small things to live for ?
if you need someone to vent to i dont mind listening .
that made so much sense are you sure it 's not you who is the blake bortals of whatever is going on ?
look into assigning a static ip for your xbox .
there are multiple builds you can do for each class effciently .
u/sempaisomething streams and makes lots of well done guides for builds .
the whole story could be in r/thathappend if you would put ... and then everyone clapped and i got a free meal etc ...
im sry to tell you that 30fps in cs go isnt good in 2019 i dont know youre settings specs and how long ago this was so i may bei very wrong
i started writing seriously because it was more efficient than drawing out my stories as comics .
it has taken me eight years to get to the point where i can reliably write a good book of trade publishable length .
it 'll probably take me eight more years to get the book deal .
with my fiction writing i have gone on hiatus because of my husband 's illness but this year my aim is to get reading again i do n't think i finished one single book after about march last year and then get writing .
at the moment though i 'm doing a lot of knitting and crochet as well as learning to draw things as well as people and in terms of writing i 'm really trying to improve my essay skills here on reddit and on facebook .
getting better at precision and concision is one goal and another is to be assertive of my own position without getting too aggressive .
s1e4 and s2e4 both had pretty spectacular set-pieces not sure how you 're using it 's like you do n't even watch the show '' as an argument for people who do n't like the creative choice .
become a celebrity attain extraordinary wealth or get plastic surgery .
we both know there 's nothing that can be done .
i 'm crashing and burning so hard a job will push me over the edge .
i know it will be helpful when i get there it 's just not the time for me .
oh i ca n't remember being miserable very well i 've crossed that threshold some time ago .
black for general waste green for recycling brown for garden waste .
i would n't even know what to do with a blue bin .
i 've removed your post since someone else has already posted about this event here https old.reddit.com/r/superstarbts/comments/aklesp/attendance_every_day_event_128_226_12am_kst .
if you 'd like to share this longer event page in the comments on that thread i 'm sure everyone would appreciate it .
if i see just a line with no notation by default i would only think it 's straight up bet .
but in this case the line difference between the 2 types of bets were so large i 'd assume i had the wrong bet
yeah nobody has said that stuff and i 'm loving these view points .
my main motivators are definitely that to not feel like a waste of space but also to please other people which is a very fucked up way of thinking i do need to find a new motivator .
whether that be loving and cherishing my new house or to make me feel better and living in a clean and healthy environment .
this journey is already kinda scary and it 's only been a few hours lol
the hek with a potato will easily clear you up to the end of the starchart as well as the earlier parts of poe and fortuna .
but you 'll need better stuff for endgame content like highend poe/fortuna .
either a hek with a ton of forma in it or a better weapon like the vaykor hek .
i am dealing with this sort of stuff now in my late thirties .
i saw in another comment you made you seem to somewhat freshly cracked and it sounds like you may not have any people you are out to irl .
the abridged version of my story is basically that i worked my way up to coming out to people who i thought might be unsupportive .
do n't start with the most difficult people in your life .
when you say you are closeted do you have any irl friends who know that you are transgender ?
if not then i would n't recommend starting with the people in your life who are the least likely to be supportive .
having said that i had to come out to my wife first because my realization had a large and direct impact on her life .
the second person i came out to though was a volunteer at trans lifeline .
really that was first conversation i had actually had with another trans person .
i will always be grateful to that person for listening to me .
it was good to at least have one person who i could talk to that was safe .
at the time i was terrified and had spent the last 30 years trying to make sure nobody discovered that aspect if my life .
the third person i came out to was my therapist .
that was necessary for my therapy but really it was just good to have a second safe person to talk to .
so if you have n't already you may want to see if there 's a youth lgbt group in your area to expand your support network .
i then kinda worked my way through some of the professional relationships i have with lgbt people .
eventually i was able to talk to my sister who is lesbian and thought would at least be understanding .
now she 's is one of my biggest supporters and confidants .
although i am older i was still worried about telling my mother .
i ran scenarios through my head but what eventually moved me to reach out to her was thinking about how good it would feel if she knew .
it was n't for sure that she would accept me .
she had disowned my sister years ago when she came out .
they eventually reconciled but it was certainly on my mind .
so it actually turned out as well as i could hope .
my mother was understandably confused as i had kept my gender identity issues from her but said that she loved me .
so anyway that is my story for what it 's worth .
no that 's a very useful critique thanks for that .
if i do something like this again i should probably think of ways of making those things more prominent .
it only matters what the your gaming group thinks and the gm of the 1st campaign because people can get angry about strange things .
there 's a difference between can i do it ? ''
and can i do it without anyone getting angry '' .
no external comitee will come and judge you for it .
but that 's kinda obvious so i assume you have discussed it with your gaming group and they agreed .
i guess what you 're asking is if your gaming group is ok with the idea what 's the risk that you wo n't like the outcome .
it all depends on your gaming style and the events of first campaign .
if you 're very immersive and very player=character then returning to a setting has more pitfalls than if you 're more about the story then the immersion .
but that 's really hard to predict without knowing you all .
maybe write more about your groups style of playing and we 'll help you figure out what to watch out for ?
about the events if the first campaign was big and say fixed the world 's main problem why play another ... ?
unless with fixing it also introduces another big problem .
think about the campaign as a movie or tv series would you be happy if you learned it has a sequel ?
or are you asking can you even suggest the idea to your group without sounding like a total jerk ?
if they get mad they 're being weird not you .
there 's nothing inherently objectvely wrong with the idea itself .
i can and do enjoy music taken as a whole but the mumbling feels ... low quality .
it does n't feel up to the standard of the rest of the song .
i dunno it 's one of those things that just plain does n't work for me .
also i like your correction p i got the original in the notification .
oh yeah the bts fans are very uh interesting to say the least
not a lot but still more than what she 's offering when taking inflation into account
that time i rode a beholder and grappled one of its eyestalk in such a way that it petrified itself .
vince added them in because he 's an old man who only wants specific people to get over .
my best friend went to college near me and we hung out all the time with his college buddies .
he had this one friend '' everyone called hajji he was a bit of a prick but he paid for a lot of stuff so everyone let him hang out .
one night at a bar he got so wasted he couldnt stand up .
the cops came and were asking for his id .
he fumbled his wallet out and handed the cop his ultra black credit card .
the cop gave it back and was like no no i need your id . ''
hajji blinked squinted at his cc then up at the cop and very deliberately handed him his cc again .
horse sized dogs not on a leash in the middle of the night .
that 's pretty impressive but i 'm betting that it only works on certain makes and models .
if that little gap at the top of the door is minuscule i 'm guessing it 's very difficult to get leverage to pop it like that .
unless you just say fuck it and go gta and break the window .
edit i 'm pretty sure that 's an older model honda civic .
i do n't think the windows were made as part of the whole car frame .
which is why he 's able to bend it like that then reach down and unlock the door .
your post has been removed for a few possible reasons refer to rule 3/5/6/7 if you believe this is in error and none of the rules apply please contact the moderators via mod mail .
attempts to force something through in other ways to bypass this will result in a ban contact a moderator do not try to repost/comment .
please also remember when writing your message to the moderators that while you may be frustrated about a possibly inappropriately removed post that automod exists to keep the subreddit clean and while you may see it make a number of false positives it also does thousands of correct actions monthly saving the moderators a ton of time that we can dedicate into other areas to keep the sub safer for you guys .
it 's easier to notice it 's presence when it makes a mistake there 's a reason our community stays so welcoming inclusive and kind and automod is our 1 tool to enforce this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lgbteens if you have any questions or concerns .
unfortunately with respect to the bottom sign i believe we are in fact trying ignorance in this country .
because trump is known to retaliate when being taunted .
and you do n't know what he is preparing for now .
interestingly exposing my own bias if they were pajamas i would consider it trashy .
i mean it is funny but my first time meeting them i was trying to beach them as a strategy to fight them and then they just flew over the island haha
is weed legal in the state/country you 're in ?
does it smell like weed in the surrounding area ?
alright well i think i 'm leaning more towards the sp6 now is the i7 worth the extra 300 ?
i agree with most of this but some really funny shows are forced to have a laugh track .
did n't even mention barry allen being in glee too
i would suggest logically it seems a poor choice to average the values else the mode of 1 1 2 3 3 is 2 .
other than the first typo whixh is clearly meant to be saw i do n't see the problem .
i see so to prevent further violence from the alt-right we must cause damages in public property and assault law enforcement agents .
what about the mass killings the alt-right is doing all the time ?
i have never used a trx either but i do n't think you can do exercises as basic as pullups dips or muscle-ups let alone advanced exercises like front lever back lever iron cross planche etc .
try using your mobile browser if your app has problems opening my links .
i can rumble really well but ca n't wiggle my ears consistently .
depending on where you play on the staff straight tenor player-has no idea where a contra plays on the staff you might be able to draw the bass part down or you could use it as an accompaniment for solos .
however i do n't have the experience that band directors do so they probably know better .
it is saddening that liberals will still believe the russian lies until the end of times
just remember that hacking online games is fun and all until you find out you pissed off some hacker with the ability to kick you out of your pc .
if you decide to start hacking games do single player games .
other than that thank you for keeping traditions alive .
btw if your school wifi has a lot of websites blocked getting rid of those blocks can make you a school hero .
good luck with your little thumper i hope you have a ton of fun on it .
he could be speaking of the humanity in the church as well .
we are the members or his body and we take up his salvific work throughout time by means of the sacraments and the works of mercy all through his grace in the power of the holy spirit .
i almost wobbled doing a 0-60 on a restricted mt-07 when i tried one a week ago so yeah it has a lot of torque !
i think there are plenty of people out there who find ways to get their audio books for free .
as consumers we can find things to listen to on piracy sites keep creating new '' accounts like you are talking about or other ways to get media for free .
i think what keeps people from doing things like that is 2 fold .
first many people do n't mind spending a bit of their money to support the art form they enjoy .
second people are afraid to get into trouble '' either from downloading illegally or from getting caught and banned from a company like audible .
most people just accept that we live in a time where we trade our for entertainment .
i think it 's too much of a pain in the ass to constantly create new accounts just to save a few bucks and audible probably knows that people do this but for the most part people pay and they make their profit .
if too many people abuse this loophole of creating new accounts every month they 'll eventually shut it down but until it becomes unprofitable to ignore the issue they 'll ignore it .
if you are looking for free audio books there are plenty of free resources out there that may be just as easy to access as creating multiple accounts on audible .
youtube local libraries college libraries friends swapping and although i 'm not promoting it even piracy .
there are also legal sharing sites that you need an invite to get into but they 're a bit specific sometimes and are hard to get into if you do n't know members already or have a large library to dangle in front of them
were you in it permenantly or just when inspectors came snooping around ?
i ca n't tell if you are british and saying bloody kitchen knife or the literal version since it is a bloody kitchen knife
i 'm 17/m/uk and always down to talk i have a ps4 and if you have one and wan na play games then just hit me up if not then still you can message me whenever !
how would you know if you 've never read the comic ?
it 's not some game of thrones scale epic .
consider the game ends in 1500 while doing this achievement so do n't be afraid to get massive ae in 1495 to get last provinces even breaking truce .
if you want to continue the game well good luck but i do n't think it is funny to .
i think there is a separate forum for conspiracy theories .
i can do it because my dick is slightly deformed points straight up when erect .
this book was my introduction to science fiction circa 1968 .
my method has always been crushing the seeds then mixing them in something palatable but what i 'm talking about is n't the psychedelic effect which i have no problems with .
this out of it feeling is what persists after i 've sobered up and lasts indefinitely as far as i can tell .
if it 's just something i have to get used to that 's a bit frustrating because it feels like a slight and constant impairment .
only once he realized that he would lose without it .
even pissing him off to the upmost did n't get gil to use ea ... he only uses it as a last resort or against the two people he actually respects .
i just moved to virginia beach from iowa and i 'm absolutely loving the fact i have not seen an actual snowflake here .
she is n't good enough to be in the company they 've released better in ring performers .
besides she wo n't be around in 1 or 2 years to have improved .
i did with my first set of led lights .
but led technology has changed a lot in the past couple years .
i did a quick google search and it 2013 prius uses h11 bulbs .
the only issue i could see is i heard some people have led kits as a default in their cars and then switching from the led kit to a halogen or hid can be challenging .
very cool ... but it does n't say what the catalyst is or what it does to the liquid to release the energy .
i have a feeling that this is either going to be a vaporware or another tech locked behind patent for many years because of some ... whatever the excuses will be .
not the first time some tech get tossed around on the news and then never see the actual result .
the libertarian sub being brigaded and run by communists remains a relevant libertarian issue .
i 'm fairly sure that science would not be able to get you there but you would need to show conclusively that human personhood begins sometime after conception .
still as a step 1 that would only serve to get you out of the murder '' category so you 're far from home free even then .
reminder to commenters do n't be an ice queen !
https media1.tenor.com/images/fcf053fb1a57f5fadd7437cfd0a93bdd/tenor.gif share kindness support and compassion not criticism .
https data.whicdn.com/images/235285851/original.gif we want op to feel loved and not in a tough way .
https media.giphy.com/media/xt5lmq2cghiqqy4ixc/giphy.gif for more helpful information please hit up our beautiful rules wiki !
reminder to all watch out for a creepy pedo posing as an ot/speech therapist https www.reddit.com/r/breakingmom/comments/8ccqqi/disgusting_pedophile_troll_posing_as_otspeech giving fucked-up potty-training advice and do n't sweat it if your post gets 1 or 2 instant downvotes .
http i.imgur.com/pztqb.gif you did n't do anything wrong we just have asshole lurkers https i.imgur.com/iwu9r3e.gif stalking our new queue .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/breakingmom if you have any questions or concerns .
open morrowind and half life are also amazing moments when you get them working .
let me guess this is an episode about drugs and how they ruin your life and how you can become hulk on the next episode we are gon na learn that if you walk on the street you dont sit in a starngers car if he says hes ha a candy just like dora the explorer xd
if u can aim with a gray tac it 's an easy 67-100 something ish damage that you can do twice before a pump reloads
if ur good at strafing early game a tac would be more useful atleast for your first house
edit but yes i agree it needs a buff to be viable early game
master in english and ca n't use an ellipsis correctly ?
also anyone that says they are a fan of shakespeare is a total douche .
he was n't turning people into his creations anymore since he 'd been walled off .
his new creations were mostly recycled from his old ones with an attrition each time it happened .
but the original creatures were made in large part by the residents of ellisburg .
remember how piggot 's captain said that the town was totally deserted ?
time for me to lose money with my rumble pool 🤦🏻‍♂️
it 's not alcoholism if you 're still in college
gorgeous body you 'd be a lot of fun to fuck .
i keep seeing a wendigo in my dreams is that bad
not enough or interesting enough items to go to in my opinion .
if i need food items better to just go to the grocery .
i hope they succeed but i 'm not entirely sure what business space they are trying to fill .
thank god steph is n't on commentary this year .
although this means she 's probably a surprise entrant right ?
yeah lol it took me a bit to figure that one out .
on the playground is where i spent most of my days
and all shootin ' some b ball outside of the school ... . ''
is there any damage difference from hardcore to standard ?
i 'm finding the fact that i have to shoot 4-5 bullets to take down a single zombie infuriating .
there are moment on closed environments like corridors with 3 zombies that are frustrating specially when there 's tyrant chasing you .
congratulations on the achievement btw i ca n't see myself completing it under 5 hours haha
i 'm currently in a type 7 doing exploration .
maybe i 'm doing it wrong i dunno but i 'm having fun .
i 've got it set up to do 25 ly jumps max which may not seem like much compared to more dedicated explorers but i 'm not ready for that trip to sag yet .
i do n't max jump anyway except to get to the general area i 'm going to explore .
once there i set up routes using economical settings and just roam around honking and scanning .
this weekend was a bust for elw 's but i 'm getting a ton of first time discoveries terraformables and water worlds .
i 've also done some surface level exploring in the srv .
my theory is that people are so hung up on the long distance jumps that they completely overlook the in between '' systems and that 's where i 'm raking in the discoveries .
systems that are 4-6 ly apart from one another etc .
the plan is to use the haul from this expedition to build my sag ship .
he killed 57 people relatively easily using tools designed explicitly for that purpose .
there 's a reason we equip our armies with rifles .
it 's best to send a private message to the poster as opposed to leaving a public comment .
if you do n't know how to pm a user go to the textfriends wiki by clicking here https www.reddit.com/r/textfriends/wiki/private_message .
you should also be aware of the subreddit rules https redd.it/3uub1q .
and feel free to join our chatroom https redd.it/5zk6ba .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/textfriends if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah nothing better than blowing it out with location info then !
well when you find true love like trump and melania have age does n't matter .
thank you for your submission unfortunately it has been automatically removed because it was not properly titled .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/2meirl4meirl if you have any questions or concerns .
if she underwent the seeker cant he just restore her memories ?
i would n't even think to write about something so unfathomable ...
well i never play comp but i do play a lot of crucible and in my first oc game being level two with a common pulse rife i got first place 42 kills and beat the enemy and team who had a not forgotten and two luna 's .
it 's a show on an international market where corporate copyright laws apply .
if wwe is sponsored by kfc you think that they would let people with mcdonalds shirts in the front row ?
you think kfc or mcdonalds would be happy if that happened ?
when mj said he was starting with the man in the mirror he did n't mean you sweety .
you realize the higher up you go the more prominent burn is right ?
i got to mythic off of my home brew bw vampires which is a lot of fun just eating mono red .
encouraging the general population to be healthy is great but i see this approach as hard to enforce .
weight can be changed with enough effort or laziness .
what would you do if 2 healthy people got into a relationship and then 1 of them gets fat ?
i do n't need to flipped it to realize that those are upper lips photoshopped upside down the front teeth was a dead give away .
edit also the tongues are out of place compare to real upside down pics where it 's on top and not the bottom .
i truly do wish you the best in your journey .
you 'd prefer to freeze everyone out but that 's the easy way .
there 's a reason you 're hurt having the courage to look that in eye and forgive will lead to far more freedom than any self-sustaining isolated shack in the woods .
these books were in his bedroom along with a few naked photos of boys he had taken himself or had taken since one was believed to be jonathan spence .
he also had a wide variety of homosexual erotica that mainly focused on young/teen boys spread throughout his bedroom and bathroom .
did n't know he had a library of 1000s in each room .
stop being so vitriolic and just reassess what i 'm presenting to you .
i guarantee if i had people questioning my appropriateness around children i would not be keeping books filled with sexually suggestive nude children around my bedroom or bathroom .
you do n't know what is gameplay balance apparently .
brand looks great and the site is really good .
build a strong instagram page and go contact some influencers
b2 w2 as well for me hgss has a long post game but the fact the it is just another map and not much difference in terms of gameplay which makes me feel like it is still part of the walkthrough not saying hgss is bad tho .
b2 w2 just have so many creative different things you can play with other than translational pokemon and dream world with pgl extended the game online to a further level we honestly need more pokemon main game like those .
the real problem is now im speculating management has them working on the next game right after they shove their garbage out the door .
usually taking the lead and senior engineers with them .
leaving only a small team left to work on content '' and fixes '' for the game .
2 year dev cycles are not enough for these games yet they keep pushing for them
oh no i mean when you are like on tinder using the am logo as your profile pic .
going to be hard to move oil for export when it was being sold below market value to eastern provinces .
the neb shattered the province and cost alberta 200 billion in gdp because it was n't worth exporting .
had trudeau just sat on his hands there would have been a massive impetus to build more pipelines to get oil to market .
it 's his brother whom has known javi as a father longer than he .
she shoved javi into his life made them a family and them ripped him out of his life and acts super nonchalant about it .
he 's a dlc character that shows up in the parched plains .
mitm is very much relevant even today if your remote server is not using ssl .
i used google maps just as an example but it 's probably a bad example because they force ssl .
ah yes i completely forgot about ats not sure if something similar like that exists for android or not ?
also putting secrets in url 's is a bad idea because it 's possible depending on one 's network settings that dns resolution is not happening over tls in which case dns resolution can be eavesdropped on .
i 'm not so sure how much i believe the no taste or smell '' part that sounds like oh you ca n't even taste the onions in this ! ''
so you 're annoyed by these but you 're not annoyed by the equally frequent anti-codefuser posts ?
the word billion '' has a different meaning depending on who you ask .
formerly british english used billion '' for a million million but now billion '' always means thousand million '' agreeing with american english .
this standardisation is necessary in international finance or else things get confusing .
not to rain on the parade really i 'm happy that astro got their 1st win but i think the scoring makes kinda less sense ?
for the week covered by scoring wjsn should have a better digital than astro based on melon daily chart while astro has gathered almost 4 time as many as views as wjsn .
but all my expectations are overturned with astro having perfect score on the 1st row and wjsn on the second i 'm expecting wjsn kinda leading the 1st category and astro way ahead on the 2nd category .
can someone clarify the scoring system for the show for me ?
i 'm gon na say it i hope jimbe is dead or got fucked up to the point his pirating days are over .
i do n't like his inclusion into the shs and i would like to see luffy legit angry .
at the ending vs dharkon and galeem seperately by themselves by going right up to each of them in the final zone rather than going in between them .
that way by the time you get your train track out there the electricity is already supplied .
i suggest you edit your original post to say trying to rehome a friend 's elderly cat who has few teeth left but otherwise in good health '' lack of teeth is not a big deal it goes with the territory .
i am assuming here unless more ledes have been buried ... .
only have been at this workplace for a few months and am positively surprised to have a few female colleagues .
he was easily the main character of the season after erik of course
dock känns det nästan som om de helgarderat sig mot denn konvertering genom att måla in ett berg i landskapet danmark har ju fan inga berg och framförallt inte efter en bombräd av mulle !
sorry i did n't see your comment earlier but as usual u/sorrow-san came to the rescue .
they 're truly the hero of the 9anime community .
naja is der android standard und so selten wie ich mein handy benutz wollt ich mir da nix antun xd
thanks all i had to do was think about overwatch coms to get there .
i was just pointing out he might not need to be at practice .
nintendo exclusives are quite different from the metro situation .
nintendo develops its games itself and i find it fully acceptable if they decide to leverage it to make their platform more desirable .
i do n't think anyone is complaining that fortnite is n't on steam for example .
the metro deal is competition sure and it may be good for the market overall but it is at the expense of consumers which i find disturbing
yes but that 's the least he should do .
if you fuck something up just to bring you back up to normal 6 rating in this instance you have to fix that problem .
you do n't get a boosted rating because you fix the problems that you created yourself .
i appreciate what he did because he was clearly less selfish than he normally is and was trying to feed odoi all the time and for that alone i 'd be willing to give him motm if it 's keeping odoi happy .
oh sorry that was a bit vague of me .
shag is n't a high street label it 's a vintage shop that specialises in designer and obscure clothing .
it 's like a little drag mecca for the southern hemisphere half of the staff are local queens .
i 've read that given the turn of events allegri is insisting on bringing another cb and the club is interested in bruno alves 37 currently at parma .
i view the world through the lens that politics is as tribal as football and that this is a rational stance .
i feel like logic really raps mostly about himself and his journey but i hear a lot of positive and motivational lines within his tracks .
you might hear more of what your looking for in the tracks soul food and paradise
6 dpo and i do n't know what i expect from ff everyday but i think i 'm expecting it to magically tell me i 'm pregnant or for my temperature chart to draw a picture of a baby .
but no temp went slightly down and pregnancy points stayed the same and i know they are meaningless anyway .
robot overlord takeover is n't quite imminent i see .
because to them the definition of a slut is someone who will fuck anyone but them .
it 's a way to maintain their fragile ego 's through rejection and is taught to us from our fathers and sadly often our mothers who are pulled into this patriachal crap .
it 's just a dumb way for douchebags to ease bruised ego 's .
i tried looking for the artist but honestly tjis was a picture i found on another sub so i had no source .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's one of the cloudiest regions on earth .
when you are the invisible man but actually you are the invisible man but then everyone realized you are the invisible man
honestly i was thinking about this reinforced material for wetsuits since a few years but as i do n't live next to sharky spots i never pursued the idea any further ... turns out these guys did .
hopefully it 's gon na work out and protect surfers in case of a bite !
they did n't get weapons from the uk and us .
zionist militias had spent much of the pre 1948 years blowing up and killing british soldiers .
the funds for the weapons primarily came from us jews but were acquired from france and the czech republic iirc .
i just went on the subreddit and i 'm already dead of laughter at the first thing i see .
the problem the police have is that visiting the scene of a burglary will not help prevent or solve crime .
remind me how many bases are there in boxing exactly ?
i know it 's obvious i know i know .
just tell me and i 'll get new eyeballs asap .
i mean the colour coordinator had a day off but no no hooker in sight
once you lose a recording you 'll start actively working how to avoid it and most all of those solutions involve a dedicated recorder .
in fact that 's what drove me to a dedicated recorder .
now i use the recorder but always have a backup going too .
nearly add recorders have a line out that you can plug into the 3.5 mm input jack on your pc and record a single track audio backup .
as long as you have the ability to connect the microphone to the interface or recorder via xlr and have the xlr cords you should n't need much else .
perhaps some studio monitoring headphones and a headphone amplifier/splitter .
devices like the zooml-12 or the rode procaster have everything combined but then you are taking well into the 599 range .
but once you start pricing out all the gear that you 'll need the l-12 or the rodecaster pro are quite economical for what you get .
he 's not good enough for new japan or any big league promotion
considering a liquid cooled vega can get that score i would take it with a grain of salt for now
lots of good villains with zero good qualities out there imo .
anton chigurh from no country for old men '' would be a good example .
you can hold shift while right clicking delete message to skip confirmation
it could also be a macro up ctrl+a delete enter enter
well they could if they ever fielded a decent team they have won in the past though .
many strange things happen on reddit and i am pretty sure not all are an accident or error ...
the issue here is that everyone knows it 's a great card .
and beside phantazmay and pot there are not really any cards that the value can be further distributed in besides the synchro .
pot can be neither used be sky striker nor thunder dragons and yet still it has a high price thanks to its potential .
casual use can also easily determin price ancient gear fusion red eyes cards etc .
if you can get hit for 12 bucks i 'd do it as i already did .
just the fact that he only told you once caught should be an indicator that
now i am in a loving relationship but it took me around 2-3 years before i fully trusted her .
she has been very patient and great with my abnormal jealousy in the beginning and dealing with my fears .
its a complete lack of respect and i really think noone deserves it .
you should take time for yourself and really ask yourself if you will ever trust him again .
if the answer to that is no concider moving on or i do not believe you will be happy .
living constantly jealous checking mails phones creating rules is no way to live .
bro i want to cry right now this is so frustrating .
my inside telling me she ca n't do it she will say no other side is what she do it it 's over .
her work will done 2hours by now and she said she will think about if the schedule is ok but she already said yes .
the distribution and extent of the rash is unclear .
and that 's why they should have it in a ltm only ... ... where the little kids play at .
there is 0 excuse to have it in all modes and there is no arguement against what i 'm saying .
you say this now but then complain when a guy actually shows his emotions ... .
it does n't get powered unless i do n't put the cable in fully so that could be it
i 'm pretty sure the hometown in the song ‘hometown ' is an early version of dema .
tøp is one of the best things to happen in this world .
their songs are a great gift ... josh tyler ... and their families are a great gift ... the skeleton clique is a great gift .
a timeline of this bill 's stages is available here http services.parliament.uk/bills/2017-19/immigrationandsocialsecuritycoordinationeuwithdrawal/stages.html .
documents relating to this bill are available here http services.parliament.uk/bills/2017-19/immigrationandsocialsecuritycoordinationeuwithdrawal/documents.html .
but honestly tho when you saw the meme did it genuinely bring a smile to your face
no bigotry brigading trolling advocating violence or being a dick .
see the sidebar for the full version of the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/the_mueller if you have any questions or concerns .
an asshole design of a thing designed for an asshole .
i like him too and feel that he 's not much appreciated in fandom unfortunately
that is about as subtle as a bag of rocks .
i have no faith in the idea that he just happen '' to write one single ting on the board and it was this .
how much blame to you put on others for not owning a home ?
just curious how much you think it 's other people keeping you down and how much it 's because of your lifestyle ?
ca andromeda have a very good soundstage for an iem
i agree but if you would like to get used to the game might want to try the first one .
my opinion of you want to play the second one go ahead no harm done
florida for the rest of the week on wednesday it will be a high of 10° f
someone with engineering skills and a 1915 mindset would have to design the weapon from scratch .
it would be a cool project by someone who has the time and money .
telling someone to calm down usually gets you the opposite .
i 'd still like to hear it in extremely clear detail .
are you asking why people are frugal or why people are cheap ?
there is a big difference between frugality and being cheap .
i am frugal because i work hard for my money and do n't want to be foolish with it .
they have what is called the love of money '' .
they are concerned about having money not about what money can do for them ...
i do n't care if they together or not i 'm just saying they 've both said there happy with there love life poki actually said it in that stream
watch 37 ways of saying jacking off '' by swaggersouls
throw a hot pan in my sink no problem kinda keeps the water warm .
leave a hot pan on the counter fucking tell or signal me .
as already mentioned the ttk does n't affect snipers in any way .
also every single game that had ever had a sniper type class had always ended up with more people playing that than anything else .
everyone just wants to be the super cool lone wolf with all the headshots .
the reality is though that any teams with too many recon generally loses even on defense .
snipers are counted extremely easily whether it 's just sticking to cover or using smoke to cover their position or just constantly mowing down every glint with the tank mg. snipers are unable to hold back any half decent attack .
i 'd sign up for any neighborhood watch he 's on .
mostly because i 'd be too afraid to say no
not me but my friend has screenshots of her ex cheating on her with a dude by shoving dildos in his ass qnd recording it
i will say i got a lot of my enjoyment of this series from the audio books .
the reader adds a lot of life to the characters .
i think the difference is is that the average person outside of the us actually understands and knows what is going on the us and as large part of the worlds economy is tied to the us dollar after ww2 it effects our lives .
where as the average us citizen either seems to not give a shit what happens outside of their country or barely understands it and makes really weird and stupid comments about those affairs .
i 've got a dr dennis gross dark spot defense sunscreen mini if you 're interested !
so random but my close friend and i are planning to travel this weekend on a trip .
we were between charlotte charleston and savannah and this thread might have sealed savannah for me
if doing a fantasy scifi thing please avoid making your charactee super op that nothing can hurt him .
unless thats the whole point kinda like one punch man
no you ca n't ... you can only place 2 barrel bomb .
only 1 bomb first attack will have double damage for wake-up attack .
so you mus n't let the small bomb hit the monster first .
testosterone can if it 's in your genetics to i have an asian roommate who 's entire family ca n't grow a beard and after 4 years they do n't have much dark hair on their upper lip .
if i went through that process i 'd have fucking viking braids in a couple years ...
that 's what happens when you get into old cars haha .
only reason i did n't go for an even older civic d
if he changed gearing the speedo will probably give inaccurate speeds also could be tuned .
if you want to get more speed maybe try changing the ratio if you do n't want to do mods for power gains
i woke up one day after coming home from paris and had enough .
and i used to be a pack a day for 18 years .
i havent touched a cig for over two years now .
they think run to the ball or clog the paint when ya in a post up is the smart thing to do
i do n't remember the exact amount but it might 've been even 10 .
i 've heard bad stuff about the smell nice to know that maybe it 's seasonal at worst .
friendly reminder from the well-regulated militia in charge of guarding the citizens of r/gunsarecool if you have less than 1k comment karma we may assume you are a sockpuppet and remove any comment that seems progun or trollish we also reserve the right to stand our ground and blow you away with a semi-automatic ban gun .
read the operating instructions https www.reddit.com/r/gunsarecool/wiki/rules before squeezing the comment trigger .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gunsarecool if you have any questions or concerns .
the strangling of the stray cat was the perfect tease of this .
and his reaction and seemingly genuine regret was the perfect way to let this potential aspect rise but extinguish .
a massive data collection 87 gigabytes from earlier this year .
it consists of approximately 2.7 billion rows of data 1.2 billion unique combinations of e-mail addresses and passwords 773 million unique e-mail addresses and 21 million unique passwords .
shaved legs are really just a sexy ww1 memorial . ''
this is by far the stupidest fucking thing anyone can ever say .
to be fair that was n't too extreme for the time period .
god dammit mark give me back my fidget cube !
one option would be a 2018 mac mini with an external enclosure for your drives .
that 'd be a smooth transition and assuming you 're most comfortable with mac os x the simplest learning curve .
it 'd also be a major performance bump as the new mini is a beast — and compared to your old mini it 's an enormous step forward in processing power .
you 're looking at about 1000 for the new mac since stepping up from the base model is highly recommended .
you can keep using the drobo for now or upgrade to a thunderbolt 3 enclosure .
on the other hand you could get a more basic box and run a linux or windows system for about half the price .
possibly you could even go for one with room to install your drives internally which would probably offer a performance advantage .
the former is simpler and means less time spent on configuration .
besides the last thing sydney trains needs for the next few years is more passengers especially free ones .
not to me at least not in that event .
i 've just got 3 blueprints for the vlf so far .
i did manage to max out the nismo though and i 'm getting decent blueprints form the free and ads packs .
what if the 1 nrl game was a premiership winning gf where you had a scott sattler moment ...
and the 300 nrl games was nathan hindmarshs career ?
it depends on if it charges you before it dumped them or after assuming it charges by weight .
corbyns cranks cant even grasp the concept that most people condemn all authoritarian and totalitarian regimes .
which is why they believe that people who oppose the bolivarian kleptocracy must support saudi arabia .
i guess its what happens when the opposition is taken over by backbench fringe student politics .
i 've never seen a dude with a bridge piercing before but it makes sense ... you need something to connect the two caterpillars .
why thank you i have 2 daughters the other canvas is begind me and its a 65 inch 4k i was thinking about getting a 75 inch one but to be honest i spenda lot of time inside the headset that i do n't really see the point now
the wife does n't put up with it i 've just learned to only have the psvr gaming when they are all asleep on a saturday night and sunday night i 've been trying to get her to have a go and she 's not interested whatsoever lol
i saw the steelbook edition with controller skin at my local wal mart yesterday for 40 .
sold out online but they had a stack of them i 'm assuming they discontinued it .
might be the same deal nationwide and worth checking out .
they 're wonderful makes you appreciate porn on a new level !
ok so obligatory myers-briggs classifications are misleading subject to change and just plain inaccurate most of the time '' .
that being said though it looks like the type of person you are seeking is both extroverted and on the analytical side .
luckily for you there are plenty of people who fit this role in literally every club/organization on campus .
and i am pretty sure that a good number of these people fit the funny '' category as well .
this is yet another reason why this personality classification system generally sucks and should be avoided these are definitely not set into stone are highly situation and context-dependent rather than fixed personality labels and lead to closed-mindedness .
open your horizons to new experiences and you will be generously rewarded especially in a place like cal .
smh was also pretty new and irritating for me and suddenly i see it fucking everywhere .
always read it as somehow '' at first but that did n't make sense most of the time .
as i said i 'm sure there 's a not-insignificant of her detractors that are misogynist based .
just as there were plenty of obama detractors based on his race .
nah but i can sense when someone is just being a straight up dick
how difficult are cardiff city making it for our elite strikers and comparing that to how easy are our defenders making it for their average ones this is not right .
just camp in the back with a le monarque like half of the crucible is doing at this exact fucking moment now and you 'll have it in no time !
this is the best one so far thank you 🙏🏻
still not widely regarded as the greatest and certainty not the most influential .
illmatic ready to die mbdtf gkmc tpab and mmlp are all more commonly considered to be the pinnacle of the genre .
if there was a half time fisting session during a football match
i 've seen people rock baggy shirts like that again
you see i already have him with one dupe and would have preferred evo blue or turles😂
but i always thought of those lines as really sad .
from the perspective of a lonely person after a break up .
'there is only one way to elevate a single issue and give it the importance which this one deserves and that is to have a specific referendum . '
so someone that constantly listened to racist media goes out and shoots a bunch of people that the racist media ranted against ... yet somehow this has nothing to do with race ?
i 'd be okay with either finn or seth beating lesnar .
i hope we get a face vs. face feud with finn and seth .
it was the construction of ubs tower in the 70s that actually unearthed the find but yeah .
do they not debate these things on the open floor ?
i would have skipped lunch if i knew i was going to be having something this rich .
it will be available for purchase in online mode .
honestly the 30 pounds of fusion cores do n't bother me all that much haha .
the 25 pounds of bobby pins on the other hand i do n't enjoy so much .
i was so relieved when i realized this because i would have had to drop over 200 pounds of items off my character and i do n't think i was mentally prepared to do that haha
olmo is going to be sold but probably on summer .
dinamo already has 3 really talented players waiting to fill his position in first team majer moro and atiemwen .
fuck people who have opinions on things ! ! ! !
people act like the debt debacle was a legitimate gripe to have instead of idiot fans wanting to reinvest on a 90 loss team .
i like how this meme cherry picks the most out-there methods of being physically healthy to make the pursuit of fitness look absurd .
it should say eat a balanced diet drink lots of water exercise all you want but ...
you can go to all the therapy and retreats you want but if you are obese you 're still at a much higher risk for developing diabetes coronary heart disease or cancer .
can you explain why you consider it a gift ?
they give you a few points here and there for certain situations .
but for the most part i think it just comes through experience .
with a good kind master the life of a slave would n't be so bad .
do what you 're told and you get free food shelter clothing .
he had a stalker and previously received an anonymous letter .
lol using a spoiler tag proceeds to give away a huge spoiler in the title .
could have been a typo but the correct saying is covered in depth '' .
bf4 was always my favorite but i really enjoy bfv .
bf4 is more vehicle intensive which i love and bfv is more infantry based .
demand will always be met if it can be met profitably .
capital investment is a means to generating profit and does not drive either demand or growth .
eating shit is not gon na kill you either .
whatever man you 're more a pushover than i am i guess .
as john mulaney says that man could probably pour soup in your lap and you would apologize to him .
i have two very common pickup and drop off addresses that i shuttle riders to and the fare always fluctuates and my pay stays about the same .
i understand grinding but maybe somethings are a bit too much just to take up time .
iirc it has to be done on nessus only yellow bar enemies count not orange bars and you have to land the final blow with drang so if you 're playing with someone else or randoms are around they could be messing you up .
not sure if any of those are your problem .
yeah the flatwoods monster and the mothman tend to visit you .
just put him in the cage with jon jones and let them both juice but also fight to the death
the longer you play the more you 'll start to see the same situations and start to learn how you handle them best .
could be a lot of reasons why you 're losing .
sometimes you are just having bad luck but playing a7 or k3 is n't going to help matters .
you can and should play weak hands every once in a while to stay unpredictable but going into a game with the mindset of playing every hand is just giving away money .
damn mario must love it when she handles the pipe .
planes go so fast that it 's child 's play to find and uncover the enemy dds in very short time .
they can boost to ridiculous speed to find any dd that 's moving forward .
rpf will make sure they do n't really have to search anyway .
if in the meantime your team does n't destroy them they 'll be left in such a state that they 're not exactly a threat anymore .
that coupled with the radar buff the flooding nerf and now this gem of a bloom detection change means dds are in for a very rough time the next few months .
this has been posted in here every other day if not daily for the passed month .
edit op should get a pass though because they 've all been removed or deleted so he would n't know .
not a path you want to go down trust me on this one .
30 tickets and got goku and krillin and got majin vegeta
hahaha 😂😂😂😂 i am so weird and random too lets be potatoes🤪🤪🤪
we always had a really good time there and the food was fantastic for the sort of hole in the wall bar that it was .
last time we went they 'd cut their menu down to about 10 of what it was which probably attributed to this .
if he is still making progress i 'd say no stay with him .
if he is driven to better himself for the sake of your relationship things are n't over .
once he reaches a plateau and things stop changing then you should look at how his current state affects your relationship .
i just got done fighting a bear and now i 'm about to make snow angels while naked .
maybe later i 'll stuff some snow in my ass .
true liberals should be banned from reproducing then taxes to pay for more republicans to have kids
he actually talked to me after to ask me if i was okay .
he was a cool priest he was pretty young too .
and i remember the smaller groups part but that was after when we took pictures together so we do n't forget those people and they encouraged us to greet every person in the photo everyday lol .
i think that was a thing i still have the photo lmao
the economy is currently too large to be pegged to commodities .
even in ancapistan the money would n't likely be tied to anything .
it makes the currency more manageable and less prone to supply shocks and allows for more flexible use in borrowing .
there are many cases where commodity-backed money failed in history as well and it does n't always safeguard against inflation because of fractional reserve banking and the altering of peg rates
also keep in mind that you 'll get the average years of life of your animal if before transform you 're an human with 53 years and a average life of 80 years if you select something like the cat you 'll be at 0 years again but with 17 years of timelife .
no one who is n't a democratic political junky knows who harris is .
bernie has name recognition and his campaign message is extremely popular .
he won states in the midwest even after trump stole progressive talking points for whatever talking points he had .
people love bernie and they love what he has to offer .
they do n't want another hillary for the dnc to shove on us and for cnn to pretend is popular .
nice try that 's not at all what i said .
the usa should have pulled out of that toothless deal that did n't hurt iran .
if you up can maybe play 1-2 game now in 5 min so inv me now if you can but have to go get some dinner soon
you really should calm down and accept the fact that you litter the internet with the stupid things that fall out of your brain and that it 's expected for people to correct you when you litter your drivel in public .
my skin is very oily and this holds up pretty well .
i use paw wax like musher 's secret and it works really well !
it really helps to protect her paw pads in the cold and keep them from getting dry and cracked .
my dog loves coconut oil i put it in my hair sometimes and then she ca n't stop trying to get at my head to lick it so i think she would just lick it off her paws if i tried that .
it 's hard to tell without talking to them first tbh .
its hard out here making the first move some people get desperate i guess .
it 's doctored by replacing the bridge crew with the doctors from each series .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
a list of tags is available in the sidebar rules 11 as well as on the submission page .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/medicalschool if you have any questions or concerns .
so over-the-top especially for someone who has previously billed herself as a professional photographer .
my favorite thing about that photo though is the huge love never fails sign .
oh except when you put beachbody before your marriage and then you have to find a twenty something aspiring male model who 's money-hungry enough to propose within three months so you can experience your redemption story. 👌
what do you want to be doing in 5 years ?
assured admission and scholarship info has come out by email .
sparrow bombs look an awful lot like a golden snitch .
your opinion is as valid as anyone 's but it would be nice to know why .
i liked it but it is n't my favorite .
one thing i did n't like about it was the bits about the lottery .
nothing more boring to me than a lottery and nothing more pathetic than people thinking a lottery or some similar extraordinary event will lift them from their financial and spiritual poverty to happiness and wealth .
at first i thought it was a case of the few affected people screaming the loudest but i 'm starting to think it 's a real honest problem although i just saw a post about an op5 user getting great battery life on 9.0.3 .
i 'm thinking it has to do with having to basically write a new rom and kernel for the 835 soc and that it 's not optimized yet .
especially if a clean install of the pie update does n't do better .
generally though i can say that giving the phone a few days to optimise adaptive battery and it 's inbuilt battery optimization and doing your part as a user to conserve battery such as using a black theme limiting screen brightness being mindful of using battery hungry apps such as games messenger chrome fb etc .
also signal strength is a big battery enemy so low reception areas will significantly hurt your battery .
to that end turning off wifi and bluetooth when you do n't use them helps a little but the big thing is always cellular reception .
just do n't know if i could pull it off .
it 's difficult for me to remain calm during all of this as i now have multiple ex-gf 's from many years past all messaging me about how i told lies about them to her etc ... ..when in reality i barely talked about them if at all .
unless kieran 's just completely full of shit in which case i hate him even more .
he has the perspective that it 's a loss but it is n't an objective loss .
i do n't really weigh in because i 'm more focused on having a relationship with food thats healthy and sustainable .
but i did have a dr visit recently and i 'm ballparking in at about 50lbs down .
i had to rewind and pause one too many times just to read the caption .
back in my day we did n't wear masks and we sharpen our sticks ...
i want lithuania to send back the guy with the eyebrow who had a shoe called spain !
oh man i 'm listening to it again thinking about your comments and that contrast really is amazing !
piggybacking here why do nns never respond once the hyde amendment is brought up ?
were you aware of the hyde amendment 's existence prior to this conversation u/40cakesbad ?
people with sufficient funds can control entire segments of trade
the same could be said for the current system and i believe the current system has more of a vulnerability to that particular scheme .
yes and it 's the best agreement but she 'll go out and get a better one now even though the eu says they wo n't renegotiate .
well then you 're screwed either way because any team going all-in by renting panarin is going for a playoff push of their own and is n't giving you an impact player back .
seth rollins is slightly above average but not great .
another inexpensive thing you can do is to track down a sword for your intercessor sgt .
he can carry a power sword and a bolt rifle .
then you can make him a combat specialist and have a pretty hefty melee unit with ap .
if you have a local store with 40k players i can guarantee you 100 that someone has an extra sword bit .
granted you 'll have to shave 2 points from somewhere but it 's doable and gives you a really beefy close-combat unit .
somewhere out there there 's a person who 's just fucking done .
holy shit the raimi trilogy is shit and everyone is looking thru rose tinted glasses .
did he hire a junior high school advertising firm ?
his name and slogan would be the sole reason i would n't hire him .
judging by their cancellation message for 1/30 they are n't concerned about the road conditions for today .
university officials are continuing to monitor windchill and temperatures as they impact wmu campuses and locations that are currently open today.
i thought this was a thread about body acceptance and positivity ?
you shared in the same way the other guy did and people are shitting on you for it .
i was just explaining the equivalent for information purposes only .
khabib psa do n't be pussy you can learn fight too . ''
i 'm gon na blame the death on his brother or the dirt bike before i 'd blame the weed .
college is out up here in minnesota for minus 40 degree weather .
this the wrong sub to be posting this kinda shit
have you seen the first beta tips and tricks stream ?
they mention attaching pre-made sculpts onto puppets here https youtu.be/-57buuty7vs ? t=3482
deku 's selfish arse apologising for messing up bakugou 's plan and undermining him in the final test when they went up against all might .
deku gets crippled 2 months into becoming a pro hero .
shoto bakugou kirishima and deku get to be the top heroes but deku only for a very short time but he still gets to be a hero by running a soup kitchen from his wheel chair .
i started about two years ago when i got back into drawing .
my now fiancee got me some art stuff for a project i was working on and someone said that my style looked a bit like hellboy creator mike mignola 's work .
i got my hands on everything he drew and wrote and then found a set of paintings that he had done that really piqued my interest .
from there it was as simple as trying to emulate how he did things then eventually working that into more of my own style .
my first paintings were rough in comparison to what i 'm doing now .
i paint or draw almost everyday now and it serves as a really relaxing balance to my otherwise very corporate and stressful career choice .
by that same logic so is whining that conor 'bullied ' khabib before their fight .
also walking up to someone weaker than you with a group of your guys trying to physically intimidate and harm someone is literally the epitome of a bully .
this 'll be a dope ass poster when we finally win it all .
he does n't have to stick with wow he just should n't expect the same viewer count for every single game he plays and expect to be good at every game he plays .
is it true that his fellow tenants want him evicted ?
i 've read that he 's having trouble making the property tax payments on both his place and his mother 's house .
might be bullshit but it 's way more believable than anything he babbles about .
seeing if they will ‘take advantage ' per say .
i feel like the whole well the character should have done and i would have first '' is n't a legitimate reason to hate a horror movie .
watch any horror movie and you can say the same things to every situation .
it 's not clever and you do n't look smart pointing those things out .
yes there were a lot of dumb things the characters did .
you try making rational thoughts when a 6ft. indestructible man comes at you with a large kitchen knife .
yes we all know what you would have done in that situation because you 're sitting at home comfy in a couch .
if the characters behaved like normal people the movie would have been 20 minutes long .
only if you believe your best years are over .
the problems wont go away and the shitshow wont end because you smoke .
make some te and sit down with some good music you love .
take a walk in a direction you havnt and dont think where you are going .
the resolution should be to do something nice for you that you know helps you relax .
not take some shit that not just clouds the stress but also adds to it .
the purpose of life is not to persevere through hardship .
it is to find those real things that gives you a grounded and mindful life part of that is making choices that help you find it .
on mobile as-well just stop there 's nothing wrong with deleting posts but atleast own up to it
reddit is going the way of other forums if the level of bullying and fascist style control freakery by moderators on this sub is to be the new normal .
i had a queen song stuck in my head when i read your comment
there 's a pretty distinct difference between whether it 's sally or ronda saying they can kill you with their bare hands .
got small pores but i love getting the goo out .
why would pro play at a disadvantage like that ?
not sure where you eat but no that 's not as good as restaurants .
source did this for years now eat ramen at restaurants .
i once had a guy bite my nose so hard during sex that there was bruising on the tip of my nose for a week .
should have used a mage would have looked more legit .
if your friend needs to move you offer your help you do n't wait for him to ask right ?
it 's the reality though the citizens are n't responsible for the actions of a corrupt government .
there 's way better books and movies out there ... but these 2 always captivate me .
he is just tough on the outside but soft on the inside .
the protests are for the most part caused by unfair wealth distribution .
valid point maybe ben can clarify why this one warrants this coverage .
my point is that i want people to understand why vegans want other people to be vegans .
for a psa it 's awfully inaccurate and full of dogma .
from your username i guess it is job related .
also if i am not mistaken your company is dealing primarily with safety related projects .
in this case better to stay away from yocto since it is prone to build different binaries from the very same set of sources in two consequent runs .
also i guess you had no other choice but using yocto in this case consult this book embedded linux development using yocto projects second edition isbn 9781788470469
correct me if i 'm wrong but loptous salamander forseti and narga you mean naga ?
yudu ethnia mother earth father sky delphi and fale are beings that never actually see in their respective games and formortiis is a demon king .
so while it would be cool if they did somehow get added the only being that 's legitimately divinity that we see in the whole feverse is ashunera and her split personas
my suspicion is that 4.x is going to end with us getting incompletely souljacked leading to an encounter where we free everybody by completely expending all 6 of our crystals of light one for each person counting ourselves .
this is where the ... '' receptiveness '' to darkness will come from as temulun of the mol said she sensed some hint of darkness in our soul even among the abundance of light .
i will say though i 'm skeptical of us going full darkness or anything like that .
and i do n't believe for a second that we 'll ever align with zodiark or elidibus elidibus checks off every box so far for final fantasy villains that are getting used by a greater evil power think golbez to zemus exdeath to angry magic tree demons pretty much every antagonist in ff8 to ultimecia kuja to garland back to kuja to necron sin to yu yevon etc. .
my guess for the end of the story is that elidibus will probably succeed in resurrecting zodiark then immediately discover that zodiark is in fact a jerk that 's just been using him and probably kills him for his trouble .
and then we have to clean up the mess .
ultimately i think what 's going on is that as shown by various encounters attempting to beat the wol in an aether and willpower contest is functionally impossible .
we 're a hilariously massive battery of aether and we can channel what seems to be an unlimited amount of it .
in the fight against the wod you saw this in action where we channeled aether to alisaie and were immediately scolded that she could n't handle the raw power we were dumping so we had to back off for a bit before channeling aether to her two more times .
alphinaud and urianger each took a single turn between our runs and they were completely burned out by it .
the wol 's capacity is ridiculous compared to other people .
so whoever is slurping up scion souls is trying to get the wol and causing a ton of collateral damage in the process .
trying to pull the boulder through the doorway and bulldozing everything else around it .
as for why krile is mostly unaffected talking to npcs reveals she got the headaches too ?
for one she has to remain unaffected because of eureka which is the it 's a game '' reason .
for two i think it 's a measure of proximity and closeness to the wol .
and that 's probably all the further they 'll expand on it .
99 of this is pulled out of thin air so grain of salt and all that .
my other assumption is that hydaelyn and zodiark do n't represent light and dark on a basic intrinsic level they 're merely the largest examples on one side or the other .
we know that they 're not omnipotent or omniscient as hydaelyn makes mistakes and does n't notice shit happening on a regular basis .
and we know that they 're not all that exists as far as such entities are concerned because midgardsormr and omega are both completely unrelated to them and from outer space .
it 's more mlp then fallout as much as the main character 's quest is stolen from fallout 3 .
look i stopped playing them at 2 because everything after that was shit .
but all the larger themes and the worldbuilding is tied up in first season my little pony friendship is magic .
it 's amazing work with the author doing a brilliant job of explaining all the little decisions and mistakes that led a world of colourful ponies who 's biggest issue was working out what friendship was into a apocalyptic war and what they all did afterwards .
first thing i tought watched my first na game this season after watching lec was here we go again .
the same old passive play from the na teams that wont get them anywhere .
for me the fun in na lcs is pretty much gone .
the teams should be way more proactive to achieve anything especialy at world stage .
c9 vs tl was my first game and i tought that was a passive stair down now my second game was the one with bang .
i will focus my attention on lec for now .
i dont see how you guys can even think thats remotely possible when there were posts here no more than 3 months ago talking about how the hunt 's and a few other owners were asking garber to remove 1 dp from every team and add more tam and gam to each team 's pool .
you look like a pretty normal karen to me .
i was thinking of blue velvet shrimp as i absolutely love the way they look .
was going to get 5 or so to start with and put them in a biorb flow tank like this https www.amazon.co.uk/gp/aw/d/b008ehrlgm/ref=mp_s_a_1_14 ? ie=utf8 qid=1548750922 sr=8-14 keywords=biorb+15l
you think doing 2 refreshes on bastilla fallen 3 cantina refreshes on ordo is panic farming ?
you should flunk out of this game while you still can dm has a much easier time cheating than a player no need for weighted dice .
and for the personal life part either do something about it or forget about it .
either is fine you do n't need to get involved in someone 's personal life .
but staying on the sidelines while remaining really passionate about the issue will only multiply the heartbreak .
i have friends in the bdsm community beenninvoted and went to a few kink parties where they do bdsm in front of people .
the people are interesting to talk to but i do n't think bdsm is for me .
i took it junior year through dual enrollment and it was your average biology class .
maybe a little more involved but nothing insane like it 's a 100 level class not 400 ahaha .
if you have a 's and b 's in high school you will do absolutely fine in it .
as far as learning before each class i just mean that for me there was a lot more reading assigned than i was used to and you basically learn everything before the class starts and then the teachers go over it again and like answer questions and stuff .
in comparison to high school where usually you go to class no clue what you 're gon na learn some cases and then you get homework that night on what you learned in class .
do n't get me wrong you still get homework but most of the time spent outside of class is studying reading for the next class ahead
a bit similar but i called my first girlfriend master '' in the bedroom .
way back then mistress felt weird to me and i was sorta trained to call my domme master '' from a previous experience .
use whatever word makes us boys melt and the butterflies in our stomach flutter i say .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/aky2ye/have_you_ever_been_so_infatuated_with_someone_but and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likley consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
the devotion system is very well thought out but there are some devotions that are really bad and never used like e.g .
i hope crate will balance them for the next xpac at least .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason
all posts must follow the general expand dong '' format .
please crosspost this to the other subreddit i mod r/sbubby .
if it is n't a repost your post will be approved there .
if you have any questions please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexpanddong !
and not the mod that removed the post any pms regarding this removal will be ignored
i 'm pursuing an associates degree as well and there are a few certificates that i can obtain when i complete the required courses as i work towards my degree .
i can obtain these certs before completing the associate 's degree or i can wait after i complete my associate 's degree .
i would have to pay a fee for each cert once completed or pay a reduced fee for all certs completed .
before i started college i wanted to start out with certain certs .
but i decided i would just do the degree because all the certs that i wanted required completion of most of the courses working up towards a degree .
so i ended up starting classes towards a degree .
speak to an advisor and see if you can obtain the certs before your degree .
i had one more course to complete for a cert but have another year to complete my degree .
so i asked my advisor if i can get the cert before my degree and she replied with a yes .
but also advised me that depending on how many certs it would be best to collect all certs at the end to save money .
so check with an advisor do n't mention the strategy though because i 'm not sure if it 's considered cheating the system either .
just inquire '' if you can get your certs before the degree .
lol if so finish the last course get the cert and then let them know that you 'll be taking a break '' from school .
that fucking teddy pendergrass clip has me in tears every time i hear it .
hi american here and i do not think about your foods .
that is the extent of my thoughts on australian cuisine .
they use it to brew teas and herbal medicines .
really regret not living in age where i could be surprised by my coworkers ' genital .
banks should be businesses not self interested arbiters of the economy .
there 's no good reason for them to control the quantity of currency available .
i uncovered that unfortunately i am genetically related to these people and that my parents actually are my parents .
the sequence of events leading to this outcome can not simply be explained by the recent hot weather
sounds to me like incompetence has also played a role .
there 's obviously more to the story judging by this guy 's response .
my heart resonates ... hot enough to burn ... my blood is razor sharp !
i really hope this is a bug and not permanent
in the fourth movie i had to go out of the cinema for five minutes and when i came back every single allegiance in the movie had changed for no apparent reason .
i 'm convinced they just took plot cues from a five year old with action figures at that point .
i 'm a bit confused so it 's out of our control to choose what we 're attracted to ?
for me there 're certain mentalities personalities and physical attributes i 'm fond of that exist in the regions i 'm interested in more so than anywhere else .
stacked pop ups are just barely playable for me but stuff like atlantis scrims are just straight up unplayaple .
be aware that it still might not solve the issue but to me it looks like the culprit .
a good quality psu is always a good buy anyways .
good quality psu lines are evga g3 and g2 seasonic focus plus gold corsair txm and rmx bitfenix whisper m. even the corsair cx550m would be an upgrade .
i could n't care less about male or female empowerment .
if you are not in japan you can use a third party agent in japan to make the purchases for you .
just google shop on mercari japan and a few will come up .
make sure to read their terms and how they operate if you use one since you are trusting a third party to safely handle your transactions .
thank you for your kindly support and sorry for my impolite post for acronis .
unfortunately i 've already uninstalled acronis but my backup in acronis cloud still remains .
dude i just saw an opportunity for a joke but did n't want to be a dick so i shared an advise i could n't care less if poster is a girl or guy the book is great and people need to check it out
for me it has the least interesting or catchy melodies of any of the killers albums and the overall sound and themes are too old-timey and safe compared to the modern exciting band i fell in love with .
over time though i 've come to realise it has some excellent songs and the ending of be still into battle born is their best ending to a record
yeah but he did n't get shot in the balls .
i really loved ftl and wanted to like this as well but it never really clicked for me .
my successes seemed much more dependent on luck rather than strategy .
i felt like ftl got the balance of risk vs reward better than this title .
finishing missions never gave me much satisfaction because i felt like i never was the one in the driver seat .
missions played out based on where enemies were randomly positioned rather than because i had made good choices .
you know you can always compensate for your little butt by sticking it out more ...
i 'm pretty sure that 's bmws snake in the road '' warning light .
nobody is writing him off '' he will start season in aaa
to help make the experience more effective for everyone we do have some resources and rules for you to keep in mind .
• do you need to understand terms or acronyms ?
check out our links https www.reddit.com/r/narcissisticabuse/wiki/resources and book recommendations .
• looking to contact the moderators of the sub ?
we ca n't respond to individual posts all the time so please post your issues to the community rather than the mods if it 's not about a rule breaking issue or sub issue .
you can message the mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnarcissisticabuse subject message .
please review the rules to ensure your post meets the standards of the sub .
no crossposting or direct linking to other subs or posts .
if you are a narc or abuser you will be banned .
we want you to have a good experience and get the most out of the community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/narcissisticabuse if you have any questions or concerns .
he does it for money he 's a media figure he 's paid to generate clicks and interest .
he 's turned relatively minor news about wines hurting his shoulder into a big media storm with himself at the centre .
footy social media going absolutely boonta whenever he lobs up a mild hot take will keep him well provided with work .
i 'd laugh so hard if blade is in avengers endgame .
certainly no one would expect it just ups and goes to wakanada and fucks shit up
dont understand half the words you are saying and the rest i am not sure if true or an inside joke for australians and making fun of how gullible rest of the world is .
let me redirect you back to r/the_donald keep your toxic bullshit there .
i was shooting 120 shutter around 1/1000 and wide open at t1.5 .
there will be a couple of movies of the camelot singularity .
pleading guilty and being found guilty probably have the same outcome without a lawyer or public defender 's involvement .
it can absolute make a difference by negotiating a plea bargain .
would you rather get probation or 180 days in jail ?
i got some in a lot similar to this i took out the ones worth money and will use the ones not worth anything as face value
are you talking about installing plasma desktop on linux mint or switching to kde neon ?
guys kung pumunta ako ng baguio then on the spot ako maghanap ng matutulugan overnight makakahanap kaya ako ?
i thought that was a shiny knife at first .
it was none of those ill go through your playlist .
i 've now included a link to a recording of me humming the vocals '' .
she might be annoyed that this has changed the dynamic of her social life .
there is nowhere near enough information to guess about whether she is correct about your future relationship with your bf .
you have a new data point in your life .
your friend tells you that you are not compatible with your bf .
it 's a bit vague and maybe you should press her for more information about what she specifically sees .
if you are sure she is wrong just dismiss it and move on .
by observant and see if you ca n't get more information to help you figure it out .
you make the best decisions you can based on what you know and who you are at any moment .
when you learn more you weigh it and see if you have to change any decisions .
well ... jeepster mcjeepface is by marvin from the unlimited offroad expo crew ... and its a bad ass build .
good to know 4.0mm id fits in the cup .
how is not seeing your enemy name or even your enemy when they paint it black and fight at night ?
thankfully they removed it in node wars but it 's still annoying as hell in rbf and ow .
but i am not sure anymore if it 's in volume one or in volume two .
there are some speech bubbles with a fucked up text..words are missing and they are not layered properly .
even the guy that got off for me to get on .
love it when white people assume your an illegal just because you do n't speak english and look like you come from south of the border
i think it 's going away for e-7 too but do n't quote me .
did n't affect me so i may have zoned out .
their review process is inconsistent and they accept plenty of apps like that .
i do n't own any baggy pants that fit over it and i am currently broke but i 'll try to see if i can find some cheap ones .
also i 'm worried that because i live in a densely populated city if people do n't see the leg brace i am more likely to be unapologetically pushed and shoved around forced to give up a seat on the buses etc increasing my chance of falling .
everyone says the graft is weakest between 3-6 months post op so i 'm more nervous than ever nowadays ...
i have n't seen anything like that except molecular acid ...
i genuinely feel that the more tools i use on terminal the more i 'm investing in tools that will be around longer than me .
there is no animation difference as you e. it 's a matter of 50/50 either you predict he will use q and stun him or you predict he 'll fake it and cast after you riposte nothing .
same goes for yasuo it 's just mindgame and straight up hoping that they predict wrong when you e+q a fiora
then they get on your way all day so you kill them all
even if you do n't want to pay for the scroll you can use the ectophial and walk like 20 steps to the boat .
robbery is defined as involving force or threat of force .
so while it is a form of stealing it would require interaction with someone to forcibly take their stuff or threaten to kill them for it etc .
to steal you could break into their house and just grab it while they are gone or asleep .
charleston sc although there 's already a show based in charleston it 's not a housewives franchise .
old money versus new money is a huge battle in charleston your family where you 've come from and who you know and what/where you attend is very important in the south .
they could pick from the old money people and then go and get some new money college of charleston graduates to fill in the rest of the cast .
charleston is one of the most quaint southern cities full of history and strife where there is a lot of backstabbing and bless your heart being thrown about as shade .
i 'm looking for the full outdoor partying/crowd/watching the game on a big screen so this seems like a close bet .
yeah i remember crying as a kid every time i watched it .
it had to be pre-k. a few months back i watched up to that point again .
i thought it was about breastfeeding but i totally agree .
not entirely sure heard simple and clean as a child and adored it .
heard sanctuary for the first time on ps4 as an adult and also loved it same emotional attachment as when i was a child .
face my fears is fine but i have no emotional attachment to it the way i did the other two songs despite being the same age as when i first heard sanctuary .
i 'm actually a pretty big skrillex fan too !
i 've just been trying to get into photography on the side .
i 've only done a couple weddings and a few other shoots .
enjoyed it all very much and trying to find time to do more practice more and get a bit more work !
last night i dreamt i was a 20-something woman with dark hair i 'm 57 light hair and for some reason i thought i would get healed from some disease-no idea what it was if i canoed down this huge river for several days .
the water was a mile or more wide very dark and it was smooth as glass .
i was very afraid no one could save me if something went wrong .
then sure enough the canoe capsized and i was right under it breathing in the air pocket .
the canoe was so heavy i did n't know if i could turn it over .
i was afraid to dip under into the water so that i could get to the outside ...
next thing i know i 'm in the upright canoe carrying on with my journey but now i 'm wet and freezing .
far away on shore but i 'm afraid to go to them .
next dream same night last night i 'm walking around downtown portland doing some kind of work thing when i realize the streets are just mud not pavement and the lovely silver evening shoes i was wearing ? ! ?
had gotten sucked off by the mud and i was walking around in nylons trying to act like it was no big deal .
next time fuck him on the bench to assert dominance
his face is the real life interpretation of the phrase goode boye ''
i make millionbøf a danish dish with ground beef in my instantpot .
at high pressure it 's much more tender than after making it the normal way .
that said i 'm not sure just beef spinach and egg is a good candidate for preparing in the instantpot .
well it has improved a lot already sofar so i still have hopes it will be realistic d
right now im a talon main so should i change ?
step outside 'merica and most people eat bacon like this the normal way crispy bacon ruins any flavor and is horrible .
the poor bunny has been hiking for hours so he 's taking a breather before any more upward climbing .
when i first saw tsuki like that i got so concerned for him !
i 'm talking about her complicity during her run as home secretary in covering up a historic paedophilia subculture that runs throughout parliament and many of this countries public institutions .
in this case 'the other side ' is exactly the problem .
basically you get bunch of entitled idiots that come and give everyone a hard time and then quit the game soon after realizing this game is too grindy for them
personal attacks and insults harassment trolling flaming and baiting are not allowed .
this is a warning further infractions will result in a ban .
if you would like to contest this removal or want a better explanation as to why your submission violated this rule please modmail us https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fanthemthegame .
do not reply to this message or private message this moderator it will be ignored .
i do sometimes wish that the fusion generator you can build just upchucked a fusion core every 20 mins or so .
there are perks to decrease score weight and ones to increase fcore duration but they 're all under intelligence which is already a pretty competitive special attribute if you do n't want your power armour and guns disintegrating .
i imagine the devs want us fighting over power plants to secure the core generators but what i 've instead seen happen is after an hour or so of a server being up someone 's done the rounds and picked clean every fusion power plant in the wastes leaving you pretty much farming heavy assault bots or finding random pa spawns for partially depleted cores .
i mean my character at the moment isnt too fr off i just need to spend an hour in pvp to get the levels
are you talking old expanded universe or new canon ?
i 'd recommend lost stars from canon covers the whole original trilogy and gives interesting perspectives on the events .
not a reading order i know just a recommendation !
this could be adapted to many things very nice !
it 's cumbersome to check resources on tiles assign citizens to tiles and in late game it takes ages to load up the city production menu .
but the graphics and music are superb i easily get hours out of the switch undocked and it 's addictive as ever .
competitions should carry more weight than rating websites for this comparison the english-language websites skew heavy to an american audience specifically american craft beer fans which means that american craft beers will be over-represented .
that being said as someone who 's worked in the alcohol industry for a dozen years and had beers from all over the world including some unicorns like utopias westvleteren xiii and pliny the american craft beer movement has produced some astoundingly interesting beers including examples of styles that are both envelope-pushing and absolutely jaw-droppingly good .
cant sound anymore interested in reviewing stuff we have basically no knowledge of yet .
now i feel lucky that the only l ! azura i managed to get was neutral already .
they 're really trying to take every single cent of our red packet money .
i do n't care about the job as much as that they change their policy frankly .
not quite directly to them i 'll edit my post for clarity .
and you ca n't go through because your appreciate self is in the way .
so after releasing the pro body they also release this .
xd think this would 've have paired nicely with a e-m5iii as a super all-in-one .
might not have the margins but certainly might be better for revenue and growth .
then again turbotax is pretty simple to do as well but will also save your info so that next year you do n't have to fill some of it out again .
you could also just go with creditkarma 's free tax prep software .
if the 30 is n't worth paying and you 're capable of doing it by hand go for it .
but i do n't think you get anything useful in terms of knowledge or 'experience ' or whatever out of doing it by hand so i would n't do it by hand unless you 're just doing it to save money .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
doran 's blade to conserve mana by using your autoattacks and lane like an adc .
what if he just blew out both their acls ?
they would all be hobbling around slow as shit .
i was in yakima for a training exercise and i was fixing a fuel line it was lose just needed a hose clamp if i remember for one of the hmmwvs .
our fresh lt comes over and asks how it 's coming i told him i do n't think i could fix the problem without some hmmwv spark plugs and asked him if he could call the motor sergeant who was still over on lewis to ask him to send us some .
well lt makes the call and i hear a very audible 'sir are you fucking with me ? '
i 'm glad he was n't too full of himself in retrospect .
this could be an ad material for that glass company
can confirm that the wings were hot but the beer was still cold .
my brother did forcefully take smash bros out of my console when i wanted him not to .
but still douche or not i felt obligated to follow his rules so .
sympathize with victims but do n't just believe them .
believing sets a precedence of bias because we want to be right in what we believe in .
i always keep a neutral stance in these because neither side has been proven to be correct .
if there is evidence then he needs to be punished if there is n't then the accuser needs to face consequences if this is proven to come out as a false accusation .
provide support for the victim and evidence for the case but keep a neutral belief on the issue at hand .
public will just come out condemning before there is even any evidence like what we saw with the maga students who were found out to be innocent of the whole debacle that went on and even the guy who was a vietnam veteran '' lying about his service .
however other things point to them harassing women which is another issue unrelated it seems .
i believe if mortuary science has taught me anything necrophilia is frowned upon mmkay ?
the short series like 8th ms team 0080 war in the pocket the recent ovas origin unicorn are great .
turn a was good but it is slow until like the last 10 episodes .
i salute you for digging out this from the past
this makes me more confident with this type of work .
mr.x is here and i 'd be screwed by lickers if i made any louder sound as i barely get past them lol
glad it solved it and hopefully you enjoy the computer !
so about that encore '' version of asib is it a new cut or something ?
just a fucking cunt to be a fucking cunt .
if the christians are right i 'm sad that he gets to go to the same hell as i do .
nah let them suffer they do n't deserve any content .
there is so much completely fucked up about this .
that is not what a scaffold hook is intended for .
it would n't take long for that cable to eat through it never mind the heat buildup transferring to nylon webbing and melting it .
never ever ever put your hand in front of your zipline attachment point .
a friendly reminder that cg emiya agreed to help miyuverse shirou so he is aware that miyu exists .
you are watering down the term investing '' if you use it to mean buying something '' which is what you did .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
my current girlfriend does n't have destiny so i have no chance at getting that bow for me .
also this just reminds me of walking into my girlfriend ex now having sex with another dude .
i 've never felt so betrayed and depressed before that moment .
the girl i 'm with now brings me so much happiness .
i 'll propose to her in about four years .
literally never got the email myself but registered it ... so i feel your pain but do n't know how to help unfortunately lmk
i have a two-shot western revolver that is quite underpowered and is only going to be much worse now thanks to this nerf .
the nerf should 've been that the combination resulting in tse just simply did n't drop .
what about the picture where tobey is smirking down at the camera ?
there was a meme about it that was like what my penis sees when i look at it
talk to your parents in the spring and tell them you would like to stay for the summer for list of reasons that do not include your boyfriend .
talk about getting a job to afford it and the probability that you will need to share a place .
also talk about the possibility that it would be your boyfriend that you stay with and see what their response is .
if they use your college funding as leverage talk to them about acceptable alternatives that would leave you in your college town .
ultimately it is their prerogative whether to continue funding your education under the circumstances .
i bought one from amazon that was doa and had to return it .
ugh i ca n't find which video it was i believe the 8 bit guy '' .
he basically prints the logo on clear sticker and places it over a metallic sticker and it looks spot on .
aside from the ebay route or asking here/geekhack i would attempt the above .
lol it 's getting really annoying i hope the developers sort it out soon .
i would n't say the exact opposite he 's publicly supported the lgbt community before with his wife and supported players kneeling .
he keeps his politics as safe guarded as possible really outside of the maga hat of course but he 's never exactly came out and said yeah i endorse trump 's politics and his message he 's usually like yeah we 're friends i 've known him for a while and golfed so it 's great
i was sweating bullets at the very end lol 😅
someday i 'd like to rent a bike and visit those spots .
do people respect sharing the roads with bikers there ?
for the record i was a first year resident doctor and he was the surgeon who was the 'supervisor ' .
he apologised to me about the situation when he came in to operate .
a nice guy never needs to say he 's a nice guy .
stories in echo park not sfv but it 's a cute lil place with a cafe that 's worth mentioning
it 's very common in young people i have it as well and it basically means you have the tendency to pass out when going for a relaxed state to a more active state .
i should add i was just on steam yesterday and i do n't remember any updates queued
im not sure but i believe it comes out soonish i 'll give google a look see if i can find it for you
everyone says the old days when i played were the best days . ''
but i 'm willing to contend that invasion/odyssey blocks were the funnest if not greatest standard ever .
that 's not the same market than the one that cash for clunkers fucked up .
we do n't see the negative externalities from that yet .
c4c destroyed the 500 beater market entirely and skyrocketed the prices of all the other 20 year old cars that were left .
that affects a completely different segment of the population .
the cars we 're missing from the used market now would be barely 10 years old which is why so many cars made in the last 10 years started holding their value really well .
i 'm so sorry you 're in this tough place !
i 'm going to go out on a limb though and say there 's absolutely nothing wrong with feeling great when you 're going out of your way to live a healthy lifestyle and feeling kinda shitty when you 're not !
aside from the therapy route which i 'd also recommend id tell you to find something to do with your body fitness wise .
mindful eating and going to the gym is great but athletic activities provide you with a goal is n't a number on the scale or a total caloric intake it 's accomplishing something fun and challenging !
hiking swimming rock climbing biking dancing tennis cross country or downhill skiing kickboxing jiu jitsu you name it .
and i know if you 're like me you see these words and picture a patagonia model chick with messy hair wearing wool socks and like effortlessly lifting her entire body weight with her arms and laughing drinking beer with all her smokeshow dude friends sitting in the back of her 70s land cruiser that 's like perfectly curated with 4 seasons ' worth of gear and accoutrements that she ‘just i do n't know collected over the years you know ? '
and she has an arrow tattooed somewhere on her perfect taut skin .
and then you imagine trying to do the same things she does and want to die .
but take it from me when you start thinking in terms of achieving physical goals your focus widens and you can kinda stop obsessing about the minutiae of your body .
por ejemplo ‘man need to do some serious squats the next two weeks to get ready for this backcountry ski course so they do n't leave my ass behind ' or ‘okay i should probably start jogging for like 20 minutes a couple mornings a week once the snow melts so when my boyfriend drags me out to go mountain biking i can make it up one hill before having to stop for a breather ' .
you become invested in the things you can accomplish with your body .
your body is no longer your project that needs work it 's your sidekick !
you are clearly a strong and determined person to have been able to accomplish what you had in 3 years time to turn that amazing will and dedication to something outside yourself and let your body help you get there .
there 's a ton of cheap z270 boards on the market right now .
he was doing well and then got overconfident and lost his arm because he let himself get distracted .
if he assumed that every fight was desperate he 'd probably do better .
that 's bullshit man pissed me off just watching lol..
there were a few months there i think septemberish to around beginning december where taylor was a bit too pushy and aggressive and just came across like he was trying to dominate the conversation .
it was junior year of high-school and i was 16 at the time .
no job self-inflicting homophobia i live in a conservative state and few suicidal thoughts .
one day in my advanced placement us history class apush i heard a familiar topic of video games from a few colleagues .
this colleagues turned into friends and we 've strengthened our friendship .
i came out to them they were cool and accepted me for who i am .
you can say that i got more social distracted myself from suicidal thoughts by hanging out with my friends more and more .
after that i got more social went to homecoming and prom for the first time in my senior year and made it out of high school .
friends are really people i keep a tight grip on metaphorically .
this reminds me of an incident on the subway in philadelphia pa when a man fell off the broad street line subway platform and several people pulled out their smart phones to record the incident .
i figured these articles were going around because did n't netflix just increase their subscription price ?
they need to find a way for us to justify the added expense .
i knew that you made it sound like they would make more catalysts just by being around .
it 's assumed to be real as it 's perceived to be reality .
the perception of this reality is real but that does n't mean it is real outside of my perception .
if others perceive my same perception brought about by use of psychedelics there 's no way of knowing if our mind created that or if that exists outside of us .
once you die the combat/turn is ended so you just kill yourself once
so this is the third mechagodzilla design with the original being from 74 and the second from 93 .
the original is super atomic age looking and is bristling with laser guns !
the one in 93 combines with a jet to become super mechagodzilla and has thicc thighs .
this one is code named kiryu and was actually built on top of the skeleton of a former godzilla .
there 's one last depiction of mechagodzilla in the crummy new netflix anime that looks like a bay transformer vored a pile of shrapnel .
i 'm just now starting to dabble with logic .
coming from anaheim i 'm already used to those numbers !
yeah i used it to move my prawn suit yo the trench and basically havent used it since
you know the sad thing is they probably could have pulled it off if they gave themselves time to work on the festival and they would have made a killing .
this https i.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/024/207/brainlettttt.jpg is probably u/michaelv27 once he heard classes were cancelled .
ngl i thought ginuwine was some fictional character for the show
that 's fiber mascara very carefully applied to my peach fuzz which i 've been using beard balm on lately to make the fuzz fuller and longer .
i 've been working on the technique for a while .
i also have a more masculine frame and facial structure than a lot of afab people .
edit though i 'm still only 5'4 so built like a tiny man lol .
with the decreased release cycles what will pixonic team be spending their time on ?
looks like a point that has been bit by the plow a bunch .
clearly there are chunks taken out of the top and bottom blade edges leaving just the base and tip intact .
we have a good stable of rbs and an alabama qb built like a fb .
looking at their last 5 each home/away respectively this bet seems like a no brainier .
we all know what you wish she was sucking you perv .
river and boca are most certainly not selling clubs .
they are the biggest teams in argentina and can pay way more than the average argentinian team .
hence why boca just turned down a 24m offer for nandez .
they are also considered to have the best academies in argentina .
had atlanta paid pity 's release clause river would 've only received 70 of that 10m because that 's what they owned .
they settled for 13m of which 10m corresponds to river .
however river will also receive another 1.5 if pity starts 10 games for atlanta because of a clause in the contract .
not stupid at all.. genius i would say.. job well done !
i mean if u give me another 1tb hard drive i 'd just put it in my pc fill it up with more games and what not but that 's all
is this the place that had the creme filled donut holes if not does anyone know where to get them
i have a lever action with instigating as the legendary effect .
it does good work at range i am a melee build so i have no perks helping it .
and i can one shot low/mid level enemies and normally kill higher levels in 3/4 shots .
you do n't need too many wincons replace excess wincons with tutors and you 'll be good to go .
i personally do n't run any propaganda effects but i also do n't play 1v1s and my general philosophy is that i 'm not really scared of creatures attacking .
pushing out a quick estrid with dorks can let you get her to her ultimate before people really have good attacks on her .
so run follower voyaging satyr and arbor elf for sure and consider some of the other 1drop mana dorks as well as vizier of tumbling sands .
also consider additional land enchants like weirding wood verdant haven new horizons etc .
bring to light is a good tutor to consider grasp of fate is an upgrade to oblivion ring i generally like lay claim over the other control change effects because cycling works great in the deck mystic remora is super efficient draw etc .
in general just cut down on your topend and test out more efficient cards and try the mana dorks and you 'll be fine .
remember that if you enchant your dorks with an aura they 'll untap with an estrid plus .
that one that wilson threw to ... . oh never mind .
ran a 5k race in a forest had a pushing match with someone in the final 100m .
islam is both a religion and a political ideology .
any question that takes the form of are trump supporters/republicans really fucking stupid enough to blank '' can be answered with an unqualified yes .
for my customers i 've found 60,000 and less but it depends entirely on the quality of living you want .
i know eternal instant is not coming back since it looks like have n't come back for crafting in any other serves but ... eternal instant t.t
hopes are on a good recharge tune at dawn/clairs wish or fluffy gentleman/dream travel finally coming back as craft .
edit i 'm dying for a new dawn front event ! ! ! ! ! !
when are school planners going to learn that open area classrooms are never a good idea .
the constant noise disruptions from neighbour classes interferes with learning when you need quiet time .
the same is always said from open office spaces .
i dont know how passed out i had to be not to be woken up and how careful you had to be not to wake me up in order for it actually happen as you describe .
sounds like a good experience yet rare not that easy to execute and possibly little awkward .
if you want an anti-hero to take on the street gangs watch the punisher .
otherwise stop dreaming because you will only get disappointed .
i 'm hoping we get lucky and keep one .
the goal was n't to soundproof the room nor block sound .
the point is to reduce vibrations and sound coming from the washers and depositing in the wall .
but this is warface ... pings are still 1 bar regardless of you being in the region or not
i want to hear the sweet girl 's giggles upon the good boy giving in to her wishes ! ! !
it can be tough since there are n't many records online .
but records are around it just requires a lot of time and legwork since many are at archives libraries and historical societies or in obscure publications that you ca n't get your hands on .
i took a peek at your post re the cummings and metcalf family and i think we are half 5th-6th cousins .
my 5th ggm was charity metcalf who i believe is a half-sister to your abigail .
she is one that i have been trying to figure out for over a decade .
all i know is that she married a man named holton i still have n't been able to find out his identity .
for years i did n't even have a last name for her until the quaker records became available on ancestry .
i still am not 100 positive that she is the charity metcalf born 14 nov 1792 to thomas curtis metcalf and phoebe sidwell but her age matches from census records she was a quaker though removed for marrying outside of the society and i recently found another descendant of thomas and phebe whose dna shared percentage matches up to a 6th cousin as it should .
but it goes to show how difficult this time period is for research i feel your pain .
i have n't had the time to visit all of the record stores that would be necessary to get the answers .
it does n't help that the families jumped around cecil lancaster and chester counties either .
she enjoys cbb a lot more than regular bb it 's very clear .
no u dont understand the skill it takes to hit the remove button
and is there any reason the estate tax could n't be marginal like the income tax is or like the estate tax is for people 's in the under 20 bracket ?
i believe there 's a setting to keep it the old version without having to put the old .
! you 're right space x is a great company to watch whether it be tests or actual flight .
ca n't wait for my starship hopper flight videos .
that crew and a couple of heavies make for a packed year .
yes a year is a big deal at this age and that sounds like a really fun book .
at at least 30-60 minutes a day it wo n't take long to read a lot of these books .
perhaps his soul was stripped from him by gwyn a la odin in the first thor movie .
if you go into your youtube history and delete the video it should save your recommendations 3
i found nowhere now here sorrow parting far and further and meet us where the night ends really good .
parting and funeral song really sent me into an emotional realm .
when i first heard to the album i really liked it that there was one song that was pretty sombre at the start and it built up not too hard or brashy at the end .
it was a perfect song to listen to while hitting the bed .
the drumming on meet us where the night ends was amazing .
i really loved the fact that the overall decibels were higher than their older ones .
i am due to watch them play live on march 7th and i ca n't wait to hear the loud ass drumming .
i personally feel the loud play will really suit pure as snow and the last minute will be an absolute banger .
prior to this i 'd really connected with hymn to the immortal wind so it 's really difficult for me to consider it up there .
i 'd like one if they are still available !
i think its from toy story but i dont know which one
well spurs ucl spot wo n't be much longer so that 's fine .
i 've always valued the fa cup it 's a trophy and considering spurs record i reckon they 'd lose their shit if they won one .
it 's funny that in one of their best recent seasons they get knocked out but a season which conte gets sacked he wins one on the back of a poor season .
poch needs to stop being so entitled about not spending money it 's not getting him anywhere unless he 's happy with a good effort .
no rain at the moment clear blue skies bit of frost still on the grass .
true lmao if i end up getting a child somehow then i 'm going to remember this technique lol
funny 'cause it 's actually the games i play .
i did n't say i dont take pleasure grinding all day .
but a work about travelling in space or slashing every demons of hell is a job i can appreciate
i have spent the last week in relative isolation and i feel fine .
not even the soviet union did not exist back then .
when mw2r first started to be rumoured part of me thought they might make it an add on for mwr and that might solve that issue but now i think they 'll just kinda look at it like if they all sell as separate games and if they all sell well if enough which they could split player bases wo n't even matter as long as people are playing one of thier games they probably do n't care .
but litigation in this space is pretty new and i 'm not sure what to expect .
have about 700 times this exact same picture through one google reverse image search https www.google.com/search ? sa=g hl=en-de q=dark+sesame+street+memes tbm=isch tbs=simg caqslwejqgnyq7eysgqaiwelekju2aqabggvcauicwwlelcmpwgayapecamsjoijk9cggqnibik-aqellqmlcy0tpcoej6s1ltw7jp887dojly4tgjcxzdqq-rfi4kybixmwoqqrv6qjz8qba9t_1re9ujwneiaonazs5n0nivvdaduju4v0gbawlei6u_1ggacgoicaesbgt7zdam ved=0ahukewjqjvhbrjxgahx1shekhbzxdd4q2a4ilcgb biw=2560 bih=1326
i 'll give em to you if you cite me lol has always been my dream to be cited by someone d
i do n't have data on the incentive behind conversion .
it 's sad that we indians fail to realise how bad the situation is .
your technically right as the source shows but de facto it will be considered antisocial on most streets which allows the filth to confiscate it that 's purely my experience though it may depend on the area of the country and the perception of the person
i was n't implying that much either but the fact that blood of younger individuals can have an impact on tissue it interacts with makes me believe that a transplant will not just age as the donor .
i always feel rollercoastered when i have to write one since i usually sleep from 4 to 11 .
no wonder i always finish last and need an energy drink to each .
the media is too busy either fighting for or against israel and forgets all about our palestinian brothers .
oh we have similar kind of brothers '' here as well .
actually due to mercantilism it was mostly imported from canada i do n't think you understand how big cargo ships are and how relatively little comes through the channel
she makes a nice noise and ticks a few boxes by being around but at the end of the day does fuck all .
i 'd give her 5 more years before the leaves politics due to ‘disillusionment '
thanks for the offer ill take it up if i dont understand anything
beto should run as a republican his plan to guarantee profits for the health insurance industry fits right in with them .
the first one is just one dude being a weirdo for randomly orgasming during a meeting .
yours tho ... just the imagination is so hilarious .
i mean both ryders are approximately 22 so they are pretty young .
personally i think male ryder tom taylorson is better for the more serious stuff though he 's still fantastic at cracking wise while female ryder does better with the sarcasm and snark at least as far as i 've seen in my 3 playthroughs .
dude how many threads do you need to create ?
did you do what u suggested in the last post you made and watch a pop installation youtube video ?
i think they summon themselves and within their group convince themselves that it looks attractive and that the boys will love it .
i never met a dude yet that actually found it attractive .
my kids will look back at '18 and look at the eyebrow trend the same way as i look at the 80 's clothes style trend .
any more information on the draft pick weights update ?
some of the missions are ok but others are gone
the main part is those trends are about global averages not just someone 's local weather .
selene wore a long flowing dress as to cover her scale-coloured and textured legs this hardly would help however since she had wings folded against her back children and curious adults asked her what was on her back they are wings of course this is my costume for the festive do you like it ? ''
she answered people continuing with a question hiding that they were real she smelt baked goods nearby so she headed that way towards the smell she went inside of the cafe 'marina cafe ' that was so carefully named to appeal to the marines and ordered some warm chocolate brownies she attempted to wait patiently but soon lost patience so she went outside to look at the the board she had seen as she entered 'a bounty poster ?
that 'd be fun ' she thought to herself as she began to look through the bounties and other items posted it seemed as though any high bounties had been cleared out so nothing was really worth her time and then she spotted a notice that was posted up fuck knows how long ago but it seemed that it 'd get the person who wrote it into some deep shit
should bring own gun a gun will not be provided .
contact information go to the guy with the awesome moustache sitting outside the cafe across the street .
reward will be split 50/50 in favour of me . '
she read it and looked behind her seeing the man sitting there sipping his tea at the cafe behind her she ripped the notice down and paced over to him do you seriously not know how much shit you could 've dug yourself into by writing this ?
though i 've got to say that 'd be more fun than what i am doing now '' she explained at the man as he looked up to her and answered so are you in or did you rip off my notice for no reason ? ''
he said clearly not caring about the fact that he was on a marine fort miss !
your brownies have been finished for a while come back inside to collect it ! ''
a female baker shouted out of the building 'oh shit i got too focused again ' selene thought to herself give me a moment '' she explained to the strange man as she paced into the cafe .
i 'm so sorry '' selene said to the woman worried that she had wasted her time not a worry it 's your food going cold after all '' the woman said cheekily back to her selene nodded and left with warm brownies though they were perhaps not as warm as they would have been she takes a bite and begins wandering out onto the street looking around confused at what she was doing here i 'm back here you know '' the mustached man shouted back from just in front of the cafe at an outside set of tables and chairs suddenly she started coughing at the surprise she felt at how spacey she was being i 'm so sorry '' she mumbled back to him after taking another bite she wandered her way back to him and sat down with him so what were we talking about ?
ohhh right the notice '' she said as she looked down she had been using it to hold the brownies ... oh '' she exclaimed audibly knowing she had just fucked up i 'll take the job ahahah '' she accepted as she laughed awkwardly at her dumbass self .
i cook an elaborate dinner and then put his plate down first then mine then i go set up our projector so we can watch something while we eat .
by the time i 've found a good documentary to watch he 's done he 's had seconds and maybe even he 's noshing on a bowl of yogurt n granola .
meanwhile i 'll lucky if i finish my dinner by the time i have to go to bed .
hope you learned about asexual reproduction you are going to need it .
on second thoughts maybe it is better you do n't reproduce .
find a doc who deals only with ms if you can .
the guy who diagnosed me primarily dealt with elderly people with rheumatoid arthritis and apparently felt suck-it-up-buttercup was good bedside manner .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
nebenbei gesagt fand ich persönlich den beitrag von game two eher schlecht .
that means you 've read the bible 3830747 times !
that 's almost half as many times an atheist has read it !
would n't that include everybody that chose the night 's watch over criminal punishment or was on the losing side of a war ?
it think it probably says respiration rate it just got cut off
this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cazuvz2f_dc is my current favourite song .
im just saying that you 'll rarely work on a brand new code base or product .
most of the time its just hacking away on a legacy code base trying to fix an existing bug or put in some new feature without breaking all the rest of the fragile shit around it .
all while dealing with bullshit agile scrum crap and the politics around it and the high probability youll be on a team that has no idea how to train new devs which will leave you fucked off all day every day .
then ill come home and code my own stuff and regain some sanity .
i was in switzerland in the fall and took every opportunity to make beautiful shapes in beautiful places .
please allow me to give you one small tip to be mindful of your foot placement to avoid placing strain on your knee keep up the great work !
your are everything any milf should aim to be ... what a tight little package you are ... .perfection personified
it 's being handed a patch and stumbling over problems that frustrates me .
because i have no confidence that my voice will be heard there is n't even a bug report '' ticket i ca n't view discovering problems and changes as a bug hunt .
that 's only fun when your efforts come to some fruition .
anche più nel piccolo da normalissimo cliente di un negozio ero ad harlem e mi si era fottuta la sd della macchina fotografica entro in questo negozio di prodotti elettronici ne compro una .
esco la scarto distruggendo la confezione e scopro che non è leggibile dalla fotocamera perché del tipo sbagliato .
torno dentro con la sd in mano pronto a ricevere un vaffanculo il tipo dietro al bancone non fa una piega prende la sd senza confezione né niente apre la cassa e mi ridà il denaro speso sotto i miei occhi increduli .
roads get ploughed cycle paths get ploughed buses run up to 35 life just goes on .
not stagger or wound too even with the nerf the ue is way too strong on fast weapons still .
we need creative central midfielders at least two because right now there is only biglia and no one else .
he is fine but for that next step you need better .
but yeah at least 1 winger is a must as well
here are some rough prices for what i think are the best wheels in those colors that are also in you 're price range .
maybe look them up and make another post looking for them .
legendary only gives you a few skins that can be obtained without paying any money and getting them from progression lootboxes not worth it at all unless you really want skins at the start .
in an ideal world yes but most companies have them in some quantities and its not rare that they 're the majority usually in huge corporations .
i ask because i used to work at a place those were the initials for so i ca n't think of it ?
they kept buying expensive pens so i 'd take them and tape them underneath their desk or in other hard to find areas so they were forced to use the cheap but reliable 25c pems everybody else had to .
look them in the eyes and let them know you mean business even if you do n't .
i doubt money motivates him though when is he even going to spend them ?
if they just fixed the damage done in relation to how close you are to the rocket then it would be fine .
i 've never really seen why everybody hates it so much as it 's not too hard to counter just protect yourself a little more and anticipate his shots i 've always either got them to kill themselves or put up build in time to negate their rocket then did damage with a shotty edit while they are vulnerable such as them reloading or building .
enough aggressive action can keep them from reloading/cause them to slip up .
i mean i see why most people hate the thing and even tho it does n't personally bother me i do agree that the problem with it is the damage radius but unlike op i do n't think vaulting it is the correct way to go about this
which means op knows he has a direct influence on making 35 people unhappy .
not into the other stuff being done to my butt .
someone told me if you lick it off then you get alzheimers because of the aluminium in the lid .
when we walked in one was laying on his side lazily trying to eat a chunk of fish which looked very funny the rest had either fallen asleep or were just laying around .
the whole enclosure smelt very strongly of weed for about 15 minutes after .
while its very okay to look at there 's so many people that you barely have elbow room .
there is trash and ciggarettes everywhere..not to mention the tour guides who walk you through it in 6min .
i wanted rome to be beautiful it was disgusting and completely ruined by tourists and scammers .
unless you include breakbars aka cc phases ... then gw2 meta events are bound to fail .
even if you don't want to cc the boss because then suddenly every random afk-autoattacker becomes a breakbar master for some reason ...
that does n't work on sse and even if you were to transfer the files to vortex those particular files would n't work since they are in form 43
zu unseren neujahrsempfängen werden in jedem jahr neben vertretern von initiativen vereinen organisationen gewerkschaften und parteien auch vertreter der botschaften eingeladen .
herr grenell war einer von mehreren botschaftern die der einladung in diesem jahr gefolgt sind .
yeah ea is on top of fucking us with mtx or adjusting prices on mtx ?
transferred it to my main and opened it trying to be slick .
i got so triggered reading that that i instinctively almost downvoted your comment .
it 's why they are capable of what they are .
the only thing they care about is material wealth .
if you want to stop this from happening you need to prevent corruption from resulting in net gain of material wealth .
however as evidenced by the fact we 're having this conversation westminster is corrupt as fuck .
there 's one where hg wells uses a time machine to stop him ?
because it 's like shakespeare but with lots more punching .
it 's like goethe but with lots more crushing .
now just work on squaring your hips you wo n't reach as down as you do now but it 's better to keep good form .
this submission has been automatically removed by automoderator for receiving numerous reports from the community .
the human moderation team has been notified and will manually review this automated action to see if it was valid .
a human moderator was not involved in this removal !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nintendoswitch if you have any questions or concerns .
a man does not err willingly to will implies to know .
if he 's lashing out it 's because he does n't know .
but if he does n't listen that 's outside of your control .
the fuel evaporates long before it reaches the ground but i get your point .
i 'm arguing that the results of his actions are n't large im arguing that the actions themselves are n't all that large .
like let 's say it was instead another relatively small action leading to the plane being turned around .
maybe it s a medical condition maybe or w/e the point being that it 's not a big deal in isolation .
however because they turn the plane around and all that other stuff happens theres the big fines and all .
i understand facing repercussions for one 's actions however are the repercussions for relapsing while being a depressed recovering alcoholic really being fined 20k and barred from being able to travel to visit your mother ?
when you start panicking and crying just breathe slowly in and out .
then you will need a mantra to repeat that you have thought
i am kind i am generous and i am loved. that will do to start .
if you do n't have a psychiatrist and psychologist i would try to get one if i could
a psychiatrist for medication management and a psychologist to talk to
feb 15 on and end of march at least in the eu
i 've always felt it should be a little more than eating an apple but not as messy as eating watermelon .
personally think green could do a good job there .
because if you 're doing so this is a big mistake you 're trowing away your dps .
set your weapons up so that they efficiently damage hull and shields but regardless fire all guns all the time considering your target is in range of course .
that 's another reason why you wan na have the lowest distributor draw as possible .
somehow i still have a gold border in normal games while beeing plat in flex and diamond in soloq
commonly asked easily searchable posts are no longer allowed .
your post has been addressed several times in the past and/or can be solved with a quick google search .
please search the subreddit and google before posting in future .
oh yeah obviously there must be a difference in the default settings that justifies this different result i never wanted to say that you ca n't use free software to have good prints i love cura and i 'll continue using it i just wanted to share my own personal experience and also point out the importance that the slicer can have on the end result independently on which one you use
i do n't really plan anything while doing that .
it 's more of a philosophical than an organizational time .
at the time they were releasing one new card every two weeks a system which had been done since late 2016 .
as the months went on more and more card releases had bugs culminating in the disaster that was the executioner .
march 2017 saw the beginning of the 1 card a month release schedule .
all things considered i prefer the new card releases to be slow like they are now .
not only do we not end up with as many bugs as we did before it leaves more time for the meta to adjust without the constant flow of new cards coming out to distrupt it as much .
first job after university i started at a pr company .
the main office in the capital city and one small one in my city .
then myself and my coworker was made redundant arguably we were the ones trying to change the company for the better implementing good social media structure training and health and safety policies .
once we left my manager who was amazing and a lovely person decided she had had enough of working for the head of the company who did n't have a clue .
she resigned and the whole office resigned with her .
the boss had taken the company to a point but was not qualified to grow any bigger and flapped around not listening to anybody .
i saw this as soon as i met her and i wish i had just left there and then .
du traust dich was so eine meinung in diesem sub zu haben
i move my head really fast and it causes a crack noise .
i enjoy it and i do n't know why .
cards on release are n't able to be collected for war .
they wait until most people have it levelled up so the rarer the card the longer the wait .
for example ram rider came out late last year and as far as i 'm aware still is n't available in war collections and wo n't be for a little while longer i would think .
wall breakers being an epic card would mean that they wo n't yet be available in war for a considerable length of time following their release .
i like how that 's where you took issue instead of the 51st state thing .
not unless you want your brain to shrink from the neuroleptic .
i do n't want to see aew fail but there is a portion of the fan base that is pretentious as hell and they better be careful because that kind of attitude is going to turn people off the product .
and that 's without even factoring in how much easier building is
if it had been lotr then definitely i would be single .
if you have transversives try reloading with them when you have 4 fan stacks .
then there 's zero bloom from the get go it can be useful
colby literally got the title shot by being racist and calling usman boring
yeah slapping maia around and ending rda 's streak meant nothing .
now usman has a much better streak than colby is seen as a more exciting fighter to dana and the racist/triggered memes are not funny anymore so he 's out .
what it really boils down to is that colby got surgery so he could n't do a two month turn around to fight woodley so the ufc got pissy and told him he 'd lost his spot in line and now he 'd have to fight usman .
he turned down that fight for whatever reason so they passed him over .
colby is a case of the ufc being petty because they told a guy to jump and he did n't ask how high .
it is common nowpledge that sean has the best bars in the game since biggie .
my levi 's sherpa has this issue on the right collar does my nut in !
test and prolactin are a bit low both of which i 'm rectifying now .
without knowing my e2 yet i 'm thinking the correct course of action right now is drop to a cruise up my test dose minimally to get in range and then wait for e2 to come back and see how much further i can bump the test up .
check out s8e22 what lies beneath '' if you have n't seen it already .
edit and you 're not the only one https www.deviantart.com/acidemerald/art/beating-around-the-bush-739119019 to have confused her gender
he was viable without it i guess that 's why people are downvoting you .
he was the best tank killer really good against anything at close range .
his main weaknesses were ammo dependency long range fighting and uber medics he can airblast them but not kill them .
all of those weaknesses are gone with the gas passer .
no class but pyro are without any weaknesses now .
thanks for letting us know that you have n't gotten drunk yet now i can be sure that it 's just the weed .
it 's embarrassing but this movie gave me the worst nightmares more than any other movie did .
those bugs that get in your skin especially the scene where the one goes through the mans body to his brain then he runs into the wall dead messed me up .
it took an entire month to not have a nightmare about those bugs .
steal from frost 2-4 years get a dui and cause an accident 6 months probation .
instant coffee with powdered creamer ... .to be fair i 'm in a hostel in thailand so you take what you can get
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
basically it is worse when they 're at lower but the bury scales harder with how much you have .
supposedly i do n't know for sure as i have n't tested it .
i am just locked in cringe face while watching that .
i know it 's not real because that thing is just to awful .
the actual banksy quote starts with 'they say you die twice ' etc .
if i want to kill uber elder whats the best build preferably in the 20-30 ex range or lower .
i think it was confirmed a while ago that they follow each other ?
i think using social media as a way to figure this stuff out is kind of silly though .
and i think it was also confirmed that they became buddies around the time of the home run derby .
even watching that day you could tell they had fun with each other .
you got some of the eagles going around liking insta posts of dudes who are n't on the birds .
lol push on it kinda hard with your finger and it will bend .
it 's the same schematics just does n't power/function the same like it did a week or so ago
for 75 points you can have 3 pyrovores that help protect your backline guys from charges .
i think that is what they are best at .
they can punish charging models and even if they get chewed up in melee they could send back mortal wounds .
naruto shinden is the most boring shinden novel among the three .
i 'm scared these 6 digits might lead somewhere .
accidental 6 digit number that i 'm not looking into
need to be able to search auction house from anywhere in collections .
chris cohan woulda been like i 'll take bell barnes jones mcadoo and varejao . ''
not op but this is fine and rare and it 's super cool .
i truly think the likes of mcconnell nunes etc are going down too .
as a geologist this expansion makes me so happy lol
instead please take a screenshot of the content censor any personal/identifying information such as names/usernames and post it in r/cringepics .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cringe if you have any questions or concerns .
i ca n't decide which is worse the hair or the makeup .
there 's a track called bow to no one and i think it 's in regard to a strike from d1 either house of wolves or rise of iron .
memory is sketchy as well but certain of the track name
i would 've bought a new controller the moment the left stick stopped functioning .
i 'd love to see this character on one of those old time bikes with the giant front wheel .
there 's so difficulty option and the story you get is not direct you need to figure it out yourself from the backgrounds and item descriptions or read the wiki .
i say at this point she needs professional help .
you have no way of proving all that content was posted by men .
this is just a classic case of assuming everyone on the internet is a man .
to be honest i really like them but do n't necessarily love these too but i 'm so tired of the tres amigas it 's always the same sh*t different day with them .
this entire previous season i found myself loving kelly for the first time and missing mke so much .
hopefully now that they 're used to the cameras they 'll have much more to offer !
not yet heartscale should be my first book with dragon 's choice being the sequel but i 'm still months away from there .
all my chapters are only rough edited and not very well fleshed out .
i 'm waiting until i have the whole story written to do any hard editing .
but my goal is to publish at least heartscale before the end of the year self pubbed on amazon .
been off the sauce for about ten years now .
it was the best decision i made for my mental health .
you should n't be getting your political information from facebook anyways .
there is a whole internet out there for that kind of thing .
jesus theres a lot of people calling 911 and hanging up
i would read a slice of life of faf and his husband makoto playing video games and going through life
welcome to r/askthe_donald a pro donald trump moderated forum for political oriented discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askthe_donald if you have any questions or concerns .
... i miss being able to name my rival .
the dupers were selling them for 1.5 to 3k caps each
tbh i understand that the epic store does n't have nearly as many uses that steam does but i mean it ca n't be that bad right ?
can confirm spit does not freeze before hitting the ground at 54°f .
i think there should just be a flat point rate for draws .
0 points for an hour and a half match feels bad .
my area just gives 1 point to everyone still alive when time runs out .
that phrasing is just a bit too suspicious to ignore you might have something interesting here .
he just changed his opinion to be the 550-750 figure because thats what dems folks said we would do as thats what we 've always wanted .
so they did n't pay so he should n't get a wall .
nit we will start a trade war and try to get them to pay that way .
his trade wars have n't had any success other than hurting our manufacturing plants .
i 'm reading david foster wallace 'broom of the system ' right now and a part of the story has to do with gerber baby food and where it is from so i 've stopped just now to fact check .
but honestly in this book i do n't care if its accurate or not .
i think it depends on how the issue your checking is being used in the story .
i mean the pacers won a lot of games without him too he was out for a lot of games this season .
they 're really deep not sure why they seem to have given up completely .
the greenery should n't be that vast.. especially at the north
a piece of wood that contains portions of dragons cuts of their hearts so it seems unlikely that dragons survive that use unicorns who are famously skittish to basically 99 of the population or phoenixes of which there are only two that are domesticated such that parts could be used fawkes and a mascot in new zealand .
the wood is perhaps not expensive in and of itself though magical treatment of it probably increases costs .
but it seems almost a certainty that that the core is expensive .
it must have taken a long time to eat the whole microwave .
well g 's old stuff was amazing like endless summer and the outsider basically anything from these things happen to before
the way the leg is designed on the ranger i can see a human leg fitting inside it .
your knee would be where the first joint is your foot would be right above the second joint and everything below that is essentially stilts .
the storm and particularly the interceptor have much longer thighs '' though and much shorter ankles '' or whatever they 'd be called to the point where i ca n't see how a person 's leg could bend inside it without breaking with every step .
ranger looks like it 's about 40 thigh '' 40 ankle '' and then 20 stilt .
the storm and interceptor look to me like they 're about 50 thigh '' 20 ankle '' and 30 stilt .
i 'll bring a book or listen to one on audible and try to stay in my happy place until i 'm safely back on land .
i do n't like flying but i like traveling more
so the main reason you 're upset is because you ca n't take the time off work to go and it bothers you that he 's having a good time with friends ?
they ca n't seem to separate confidence when it comes to talking to women and confidence in other areas of our life .
it 's only reasonable to not be confident at something you have repeatedly failed at .
buying a cover thingy would prevent needing to clean it much though
the children do not think it 's 2045 as they all do have calendars they can view that says 2045 as seen in episode 1 .
just an fyi as i think the anime did not clearly explain the 2015 thing !
i 'm so happy that it actually looks like the entire team cares about winning this game not just kemba
ask for a wish that follows the exact same rules as this one .
the silver age has the best covers in my opinion .
i forget where in england but its super common is this area .
basically its like a community that relies on government handouts and basically its not uncommon for there to be 32 yr old grandparents .
oh you mean like when trump bragged about sexually assaulting women and over a dozen women accused him of sexual assault and people like you defended him and elected him as president ?
welp i knew i clicked on this link for a reason
how do you write that sentence and see yourself as human
i 'll be an inter i just want to learn your ways i 'll work for free !
do n't have much to hang my put hat on these days .
simplified its why black holes glows since they bend spacetime so much .
maybe these craft bend spacetime so much that they create their own event horizon and thus hawking radiation .
wonder if bob lazar has given this a thought .
hawking radiation is blackbody radiation that is predicted to be released by black holes due to quantum effects near the event horizon .
it is named after the physicist stephen hawking who provided a theoretical argument for its existence in 1974 . ''
i would appeal and take pics of the spot to justify it .
yes it could still be the only solution for their expression control .
expression pedals are simply providing a resistance value to the pedal you 're using it to express .
literally every single expression pedal in the world looks this way .
i do n't know for sure and i 'm not gon na look into it but the pedal you bought it for might take a specific expression pedal wiring scheme only .
in that case it would be the only solution for the pedal you bought initially .
think an apple iphone charging cord vs every other usb charger on the planet .
before you get upset about it being proprietary or something who knows what kind of design went into that first pedal you bought and maybe a special expression was warranted .
we 're booked to do three capes track starting next thursday .
anyone have a wild guess if they think it will be ok ?
yes i know it cant be predicted but hoping the cooler conditions mean some of the fires can be controlled to some extent .
any chance you 'd go a bit lower on bakemonogatari since i 've bought a bunch from you on different occasions ?
it 's starting to become a habit that i just go to you across different paychecks haha .
i am using overdriventool to undervolt and overclock it 's a pretty heavy configuration i 'll admit but before 18.12.1 the issue did not happen for me at all .
almost every vega post in this sub has something to do with random black screens right now .
what about issues not discovered in utero as not everything can be tested ?
precautions have never had a 100 success rate anywhere .
you 're pro choice as am i. i just do n't see the difference between a foetus and a newborn that does n't even know what objects are for like a whole week .
a mature cat or dog has higher levels of cognizance .
why is it this so monstrous but is it perfectly ok in utero even when healthy or perfectly ok for animals who have reached a further stage of development at their times of death ?
i just do n't see it the former is healthier the latter more aware .
lost my account forever ago so its interesting starting from scratch and learning whats changed over time .
mostly just killing time before anthem drops and i decide whether i want to jump to that or not
i have a tattoo covering a skin biopsy scar and another covering a self harm scar .
for both i checked with the artist beforehand to make sure it would able to be tattooed over both were completely healed light in color and flat so it was n't an issue .
the biopsy scar ended up raised a little bit but the other scar is about the same as before .
i had a kid in my late teens and i was stuck in this combo so hard .
why would you want a job when we have a nice home and you can stay home with your baby ?
not many people get that luxury ! next day all you do is sit on your ass just because you have a good family does n't mean you do n't need to go learn how to work and provide for yourself ! for years .
finally got a full 8-5 job when kid was 3 and i was an absolutely terrible awful disgusting parent for putting her in daycare .
i agree with you completely and that has been my experience .
the kind of people who quit after a few months are the types who refuse to change change the language they speak cultural norms .
i once heard about an american guy who refused to take his shoes off because i 'm american and in america we do n't take our shoes off '' ... yeh ... nedd less to say he was gone about 3 weeks later .
we need women to be accepted in every work place .
elite bingo consists of just got my first ... '' look what i found !
arts n crafts '' and hooray for distant worlds ''
we have one main rule that the subreddit was founded upon every post title must start with the fire emoji and a space .
this works as a spam filter for those that do not read the rules and keeps our community high in quality .
if you do n't think your post can justify using a fire emoji in the title it probably is n't right to post here .
try resubmitting your post with the fire emoji at the start your title .
you can copy and paste it from this comment or the sidebar if you 're on desktop and if you 're using a phone your keyboard likely has it too !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/natureisfuckinglit if you have any questions or concerns .
what in was 25 here is south dakota and my door is good
except it still clutters clan chat to the point that it 's unusable and it still means there are dozens of unaccepted trades laying around all the time .
sticking with the ranger even though the interceptor was fun its ultimate was n't as satisfying to me as firing a load of rockets .
i work at one of the mines by point of rocks always amazes me being able to see the milky way with the naked eye once you get away from the light pollution .
where the hell is brown and what is this lazy play
oh well if you like it better there 's no better argument haha
i like blueprints because i hate scrolling through miles of code
also i find it very visually pleasing when it 's well done
what is worse is all these posts shiting on the mab posts .
you are literally doing something worse than you are complaining about .
there 's actually been a development since my last comment .
if they concluded that he lied they 'd say so .
i 'm not saying it definitely happened as he said it did .
i 'm just not going to get ahead of the police who are investigating it .
are you spazzing out at some troll picture or does anyone have the issue this is from ?
i have an autistic cousin that has exactly the same diagnosis as your son and this gives me hope that one day my cousin will speak because he has n't spoken in 8 years since his birth basically .
from one griever to another i am very sorry for your loss .
i know exactly how i like things better than anyone else .
unless i 'm tired in which case it could be both undercooked and burned and id just cover it in sauce and go to town on it .
thank you for wording this better than i could .
it 's not surprising that the sticky regarding these theme events in ladyladyboners has only like 20 up votes .
they still have n't replied to this post or those that have questioned their well only black women for a month is so limiting '' post .
appreciate the effort but execution could be better especially listening to the poc who find issues with it .
sometimes the game just eats one and it disappears .
and to add to that it depends on the source of your net worth .
if it was a windfall and you retire early ss may be little to nothing .
what do you know about what it 's supposed to be ?
i got a breakdown i just have doubt that the discount is being applied .
maybe the tic tacs are blimps then with some sort of exotic propulsion ?
im pretty sure the whole weapons of mass destruction '' could be categorized as one .
when theresa may started running a game of dungeons and dragons .
are you looking for something of a western rpg or does that not really matter to you ?
i like to think dina does n't like horror movies because her only experience with horror is watching i know who killed me since lindsay starred in it .
well if anyone knows the guy by the team name vienna haemmers tell him to hmu cause i 'm trying to get roy asap lol .
batherson-150-175k lafreniere-80-90k elvenes 50-60k that 's almost 300k for an 88 ovr .
in truth it only contains phytoestrogens which have no effect on humans .
and npc meme is n't offensive it 's just pathetic .
or possibly something that could have a lil effect on the surface to create oxygen exchange
if bill had his way he would make gostkowski the highest paid player in the league in free agency this off-season
adding on to other comments its more valuable if the card is meta relevant or iconic .
so if you have a borrelsword or 1st edition dark magician that are heavily cut you 'll get a better value out of it .
the barricade is almost always in my experience used by a campy little shit hiding in a room .
you know i feel stupid now cause i was just about to correct '' you i could have sworn they were motes of light but no i was wrong lol so ignore that
i 'm especially concerned by the effect on both the victims of the fire s and my monthly energy bill ...
the ones from this pic that i am looking forward to trying sometime are the pacha mama blood orange nasty and ice monster .
i actually have some of them in my cart online right now .
good point however i think every prisoner would want some time off their sentence !
bane could end up being an awesome wild card for the movie ends up finding some stashed away venom and stages a breakout or something
do i need to remove it or staple more on for the desired effect ?
i 'll bend over to pick it up for you 😉
my grandma made me something similar except it 's kylo ren in the middle .
it 's pretty badass looking especially from someone who has n't even watched the prequels yet .
i 'm really surprised how many ppl liked the ben bat-ffleck here .
personally i 'm just waiting for the lego batman 2 movie .
china only buys about 16 billion dollars worth of products from canada .
there are any number of countries that purchase substantially more .
we 're quite dependent on chinese products not just for consumers but for manufacturing as well .
yes many businesses have gone to china route but remember the entire purpose of tpp was to provide alternatives and move away from china .
i ca n't even begin to calculate how painful that would be for us economically .
during the current trade dispute with the united states we have seen consumer prices go down and wages go up so i 'm going to guess not particularly .
it is not difficult to find some form of third world country who is desperate for jobs and offers inexpensive labor
do n't overestimate how important they would see 30 million rich customers when it comes to what they see as a question of national security/integrity .
i i have no doubt that they would easily survive without canada but in the long run a third world nation with inexpensive labor cost is much easier to replace then 30 million rich western customers .
within a few years they would be completely replaced and they could never hope to regain the customer base they lost in canada
camilla in 2nd even when it 's a reddit only poll holy shit .
chronological req and paid posts http www.reddit.com/r/loans+borrow/search ? q=title 3atupacstock+or+author 3atupacstock restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all reddit investigator http redditinvestigator.com/tupacstock justin paulin creddit rating http justinpaulin.com/tools/credditrating.php ? username=tupacstock
though i probably could of been smarter about my approach it still does n't change the fact of the problem which could be applied to any situation here .
pvp in anthem would be it 's own separate things not included as part of the pve mode .
yup one time someone tried to recruit me i to this one .
i get the jar style but it comes in tubes too .
same with south africa but then again it does take a few hours longer sometimes .
i 'd be happy if we got something else i do n't have instead of it .
i would n't wear them myself but i respect people who do .
irl red light is used in tactical '' situations because it does n't interfere with your eyes ' adjustment to low light .
do n't know if it has any actual advantage in-game but that would be neat
is op currently committing fraud by removing his own upvote before investing ?
there 's a limit to how many times i find it interesting to watch someone 's outfit change real fast and that limit is some number lower than however many they ended up doing in the video i just stopped watching early .
not op but there 's just nothing like battlefield really .
for all the bugs and flaws they still deliver massive games on a scale like nothing else .
seeing planes bombing tanks as the building you 're hiding in for a moment starts to be blown to pieces is more exciting to me than anything offered by any other series .
v has its issues like they all do at launch but it still offers a refined and improved big shout out to no aim assist and less reliable spotting battlefield experience .
no it really is a requirement for 90 of all versions where they would be summoned legitimately .
the only exception is fate summoning system and mooncell which only exist in one timeline each or if you 're an einzbern and know how to hack the grail .
hacking it carries the danger of going the angra route and breaking it though .
a notation i 've seen is to use double outlined brackets to mean integer interval .
i do n't understand the repulsed comment but i can sort of see the dead inside one .
hard to explain but she 's kind of a surface person .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
lil pump does n't have any responsibilities towards anyone he 's fucking with though .
trump is the president this guy is just a kid making music and pissing off butthurt people at the same time .
running a country and being a musician are very different things
gpu manufacturers amd nvidia sell their chips to hundreds of oems .
gpus are commodity hardware with a much much larger ecosystem and distribution channels than specialized single purpose hardware .
the control specialized hardware manufacturers have on their markets and the availability of this gear simply can not be compared to commodity hardware .
this applies to all markets where specialized hardware is used ie .
neither of the vendors you listed sell an ethash asic on the public market today .
as far as i know and i might be wrong innosilicon has never sold the a10 to small buyers .
this level of access is very different from gpus that anyone in any country can go and pick up in their local store to a relatively fixed price .
i did n't think they 'd be cutting it with wood and rubber .
i can speak 3.5 languages and write 2.5 languages .
i think i should post a new thread to brag about it .
jump to 07:00 1988 michael spinks v mike tyson full fight interviews.highest quality https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jn9bpov9beq t=0h7m0s
if i can make a suggestion pick up the yeti chug cap for about 10 .
makes it more like drinking from a bottle as opposed to a giant cup
i love starting arguments on the internet and i love guns so here we are .
or look at someone that you think has a lot of confidence and just fake it act how you think they would act .
these are some things i like to do when im feeling down about myself
another thing that has helped me and it might sound silly but i will blast rap music in my car rap songs that talk about being the best or how dope you are and i look in the mirror at myself and i hype myself up and tell myself how dope i am
😬😬 i hope your wig is n't ruined but i think it 's ruined .
it 's quiet amazing that the oldest health insurance system bismarck one is still working quiet good .
even though it was just implemented to reduce the socialists base .
and you still can choose the best plan for yourself .
it does n't differ much about the price but some have better dental plans or sponsor sport activities like gym memberships
went from being able to see three gyms to four gyms and now i can only see two !
do you want people to buy raid passes or not ?
if i ca n't see the raids i 'm certainly not going to do them .
we are not a reaction subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/wiki/reactionsub '' .
we are not a subreddit about content that is merely interesting or amazing .
we are not interchangeable with r/pics r/gifs r/damnthatsinteresting or other general subreddits .
we are specifically made for psychedelic content as we define it here https www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/wiki/index wiki_rule_1_-_woahdude_material_only .
our definition of trippy is far more expansive than the obvious fractals and tie-dye concept but there 's a lot we exclude as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/woahdude if you have any questions or concerns .
most of your arena picks are gon na be cheap cards so luna 's pocket galaxy wo n't have much value and you 'll probably not even get many deathrattles .
arena is also more about tempo than value so mojomaster zihi is best especially if you can control your tempo with her .
that 's probably pretty sweet then that means he lives in a rent controlled 2000 sqft penthouse in downtown new york on a part time barista 's salary
just playing devil 's advocate here i think his hitler speech was n't too far off of his characterization in tlj .
it was so excessive and over the top that it was clear the guy was compensating for something .
not to mention that his precious weapon was destroyed very soon after he gave his intimidating '' speech .
i 'm not saying that his goofy nature in tlj was a great idea from rj but i do n't think it 's as different from tfa as people think it is .
my um friend says that anxiety varies depending on the strain he smokes
op trying to be the robin hood of child porn or something ?
all of this is for his personal gain so still scummy next the people being taken advantage of are not being helped in any way while he makes 32,000 off this .
got you guys to stfu and stop fighting did n't it ?
i am a fucking idiot who is going to delete that comment for being an idiot
he 's like the 80 's action hero of video games .
please be sure you read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/okbuddyretard/comments/9pk7cj/subreddit_rules_discord_link_new_and_improved ? ref=share ref_source=link before posting .
breaking these rules could result in a temporary or permanent ban .
this message does not mean you broke a rule .
these memes have run their course and no longer belong here at okbr
https discord.gg/3vs93xv a great place to meet and chat with other retards
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/okbuddyretard if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't think we will get resident evil 8 for a while since re3make might be made first due to the success of re2make
it gives prisoners a sense of worth and allows them to contribute to society .
no i just do n't care much for the taste of it is all .
mostly all it did was give zarya and zen some extra protection from poke damage .
in a teqm fight the impact is noticeable but not really one that 's going to swing the course of the fight .
on top of all the other brigitte needs it 's going to make a cumalitive difference but it 's not 'the big one ' or anything .
cocoa tastes a thousand times better than cocoa powder .
if you make it yourself you can alter the amount of cocoa and sugar and find a happy medium .
my mum used to give me some change to buy sweets after school every single day and baked cakes regularly .
i mean thanks for saving my teeth from the damage of the dreaded ovaltine mum but what about the giant slice of chocolate cake i just shoved in my mouth ?
unless you like to get unlimited flooding and other weather shites late game in gathering storm
school has been getting in the way of old eating habits .
what would restricting them from the kitchen and laundry do ?
i ca n't seem to find any shred of evidence that free play days for all is on xbox this weekend ?
then you just require that no one except you can enter your sexy room .
det eneste som er overraskende med denne saken er at det faktisk finnes folk som er overrasket over dette .
knowing your full of shit anyways fucking itt tech good luck paying off those loans what a joke .
i think my husband has a pair too lots of love from sexier than emilia clarke lol
it would be a nice change but seems really overpowered especially in the case of the steward and lord .
as they can be confirmed townies by revealing as mayor or claiming jailor .
also would the steward lose his executions for executing a non evil ?
because if not whats to stop them from executing three opposing faction members and gaining majority super fast ?
in my opinion they should make it standard conquest .
the way to tell if a guy is gay is he has a tongue .
straight people try to appropriate tongues because they are hetero trash but satan knows the truth .
there 's no reason to hate myself it does n't help me accomplish anything .
messaging mods for the minimums will result in a 30-day ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boobies if you have any questions or concerns .
these are n't gold-farming alts and if you think so you are oblivious to an huge issue in the game .
the gold seller logged in and out atleast 10-15 times while i was woodcutting .
trading different people everytime he logged in never saw any of the people return again .
that 's why i always made sure to light up when i was somewhere 20ft from where anyone was .
it does n't matter if some people smell it on the air they hunt you down to lecture you or make a snide comment .
honestly most of the time it seemed like people were happy for the excuse to let out some frustration at a target they felt they had the moral highground over .
i can tell you this much it was n't a single one of those people who got me to quit .
for lunches just grab some pizza slices from the local delis/takeaway places .
we had one right near our hostel called pizza rustica near piazza del popolo it was fresh and delicious every time !
why would op post in norwegian when a majority of reddit and the internet ... and society speak english ? ?
yeah only in the end times and that was a deal made with kurt not with karl or another elector iirc .
prior to that he had no claim to the throne as he like to think he does .
you 've been commenting on my post tonight and i decided to check out what else you had to say about this .
and once again you have made my night although this time through somebody else .
the thoughts that i am faking it or that i do n't have suicidal attempts have been through my head constantly .
empathy really is the best thing anyone has to offer .
because anti-vaxers are almost synonymous with religious fundamentalist and faith healers whom the left despise and seal to destroy for reasons that have nothing to do with their denial of modern medicine .
having a scapegoat to blame on then just justifies their persecution in their own eyes .
hello this post was removed because you have not contributed to the community previously .
if this is a request for help a legitimate question or a link to a website that does not solicit for business please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffinancialplanning .
otherwise please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/financialplanning/wiki/rules and review reddiquette http www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette .
if this is a post soliciting for business please review the reddit best practices '' for self-promotion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/financialplanning if you have any questions or concerns .
at least she puts stuff back in the fridge unlike my girlfriend who leaves a knife full of butter directly on the kitchen side in a pile of toast crumbs next to a tub of butter and a bottle of milk .
you are absolutely amazing sweetie😘😘😘 ... quik question for ya is it ok to pm you ?
i just started my transition and just have some questions .
at this point it seems pretty clear their strategy for competitive play is esports .
that does n't mean they are just investing lots more money in things like arena and the mpl .
it means they are cutting back on things that do n't fit the esports strategy .
coverage at tabletop events judges for tabletop events all that stuff is getting cut back .
expect to see more and more announcements of this type with that money instead going to things like twitch personalities paid to stream arena .
edit and the morning after i posted this wotc announces that the first-ever million-dollar tournament will be 64 people about 20 of whom were selected for having a popular twitch stream rather than being the highest tier of competitive magic players .
https magic.wizards.com/en/articles/mythic-invitational just wanted to say called it '' .
thanks done i sub+like your channel with my elisa taylor account
i have n't pulled in december coz of step ups .
if you think it 's just muslim faith schools that are the problem you are very wrong about that https www.secularism.org.uk/uploads/unsafe-sex-report-april-2018.pdf .
i took ubuntu 18 to have long support vmware player on windows 10 and installed it in docker .
my last nat 5 was louise almost 3 or 4 months ago xd
toyota 's are the way to go just got mine in july .
good on you for making the choice for a stylish reliable vehicle where nothing will go wrong with it .
much like a lot of your life going forward .
only made sense after i saw it was from r/nofap .
oh no it 's all real ppl that play the game the ones you fucked over and caused them to lose their shit .
we met in high school we took the most lazy option of pe possible for walking for fitness .
we had to line up according to last name in rows of like 6-8 and our last names started with the same letter .
i thought he was hot so i wanted to get to know him we dated for a bit broke up for like 4.5 years and dated other people those relationships did n't work out .
he messaged me on ig randomly one night and i had n't heard from him in years so i responded out of curiosity and we started hanging out again here we are dating again and it 's been almost a year and it 's been the best year of life i 've experience so far guess in high school it was just the right person and wrong time funny how life works sometimes
you 've obviously had a very sheltered life if you have n't come across offensive shit like this especially from young idiots with no idea on life .
dude you 're on reddit where millions of people connect every day over every possible topic imaginable and you 've never even considered that students would use similar means to get ahead ?
i 'm going to give you the benefit of the doubt and say this was a joke
hello my son i have returned through this one time possession of this user .
please send your credit card number and the three digits at the back so i can buy more bitconnect
it 's just the way the gaming industry is now .
not enough people will ever vote with their wallets for this to end .
if mtx really allows them to put out free content then it 's not all bad .
look at the amount of money people shell out for garbage mobile games it 'll never stop at this point .
instead of thinking i 'm helping and not enjoying this awesome game i 'll just accept that i ca n't make a difference and just play the hell out of it .
i thought jesus christ is it really not allowed even to touch females now in a friendly way .
but then i saw the video and yep that definitely was n't cool .
it 's wrong on both sides but it 's not about double standards .
what part of town commute to work local things you would want to do .
i have lived in canterbury st joe place and cambridge square same owners as archers point mentioned previously i believe
it does but it cost money for this feature .
he gave his all and he tried but i never felt he had any sort of authority with the players .
and now he 's only at chelsea to train and collect paychecks so why would he care and push the others on ?
i once had a seizure in the bathroom and it cracked .
that 's an impolite way of putting it but ... yes .
4gb minus some memory for the operating system is n't really enough to be running modern browsers on unless you have scrooge-like management of resources .
well not so much modern browsers but the modern web which gobbles memory like nobody 's business .
check out what 's happening with your memory i imagine you 're hitting swap a lot and if that 's happening you 've lost .
swap is 'emergency memory ' rather than 'cheap/extra memory ' .
8gb of swap really is n't going to help you if you have 8gb of swap in use yes your machine will be as slow as molasses .
i generally do n't go above 2gb myself since if you 're hitting swap you do n't want to hit too deep but if you want to hibernate your laptop swap needs to be as big as your ram .
throw in the age especially for the disks and yes performance will be less than ideal .
man if you had some bread and butter you should 've made fairy bread .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
pretty sure that sora and riku are in shibuya japan .
the shibuya 104 building is in the movie soooo .
and at that point the game was in beta .
it is what 1 year after full release now ?
not like type 2 that can be caused by your dietary choices .
not to say type 1 people are n't affected by their dietary choices .
i just maybe think they do n't qualify as unrepentant '' .
was originally a lost eagle because they 're usually associated with america but i live in uk but one day i decided to evolve and become the eagru .
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/noajffcqpqd21.png message creator https reddit.com/user/mistress_mamiya github https github.com/mistressmamiya/hsauce_bot bad sauce ?
but this is exactly the point he 's making .
it could never happen here '' is absolutely false .
anything can happen anywhere if tensions mount too much .
you can only feel the difference in temperature and conductivity as well as the flowing of water .
i think the requirement was a height of 24 or 25 .
you have not declared the variable spaces and your code will not compile .
you create a loop that loops through the height and makes sure each line is printed .
then you have a loop that prints a number of spaces followed by another loop that prints a number of hashes .
this way for each line a number of spaces and hashes is printed .
you might want to check the conditions in these loops .
write on a piece of paper what happens in each loop for a small height e.g .
go through your code step by step does it do what it 's supposed to do ?
that is a very reasonable answer to a very stupid op .
i just never understood why it did n't happen .
kotor seems to have sold quite well over the years .
tv 2016 status finished episodes 13 genres music slice of life
stats 296 requests across 10 subreddits 0.369 of all requests
uranohoshi girls ' high school a private school in the seaside neighborhood of uchiura at numazu city shizuoka prefecture .
a small high school in a corner of suruga bay it is home to nine teens led by second-year student chika takami driven by one seriously big dream to become the next generation of bright sparkling school idols !
as long as we do n't give up any dream can come true ... all we have to do now is keep pushing hard for fame and glory !
now their school idol project begins to make their dreams come true !
i also found interesting this idea of blockchain in middle east region https medium .
same she was a nothing character in an otherwise excellent show
its your job to make her stop every time .
she 's obviously attacking out of fear and you never told her it is n't something to worry about .
if she gets direction she wont be as anxious .
an animal i 'd judge to be a potential biter at the vet .
and i should n't have to mention what happens if she eventually breaks the glass
big sluts with huge tits like you are the perfect gift to the world !
if you can afford some coins i would invest some coins at start use few rods and get decent ml waste some cash to rush first levels .
like using steatlh ring on cyclops then gfb from 30-50 in spike or meriana etc .
the waste wont be too much and it will save you lot of time .
from there you can hunt looking for balance of exp/profit like mother scarab and when you need money farm inbue items .
will be slower than sd minos in ora but shouldnt cost you too much money this way .
probably with 250 coins is enough to boost ur start .
again if you have more to spend i will say is worth but up to you to decide untill what point you can waste
not every partnership will work just like in real life .
no real projects will be done in one year just like real life .
especially anything the magnitude of what the if is tackling wo n't come to fruition for years .
i 'm not saying it will be a success and i am not saying it will fail .
but to be disappointed after so little time has passed is simply unrealistic and you are just bringing negativity in your own life for no reason .
i 'd have to hold a poo for a looooong time to get to the point of shitting myself .
you know i recently used el primo again after a while .
i used to say i do n't get why people do this '' .
but after playing el primo i noticed i end up doing the same thing i am telling myself not to do as el primo .
i do n't know if it 's the instinct to grab the gems or what but when you 're used to getting gems you 'll try to secure it for your team .
however el primo has good attack and can take hits that you feel that urge to push for that extra hit '' then you realize finally that you 're on enemy territory and it 's too late .
perhaps share this link amongst your london friends who may think similarly ?
imaging thinking losing an entire continent and somethough touted as the new world '' wasnt a big deal .
ittwas a big enough deal for you to drag colonies into a war with france because of land dispute .
i 'm always sarcastic so i just assume people will figure it out eventually
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 askreddit is for open-ended discussion questions .
if you 've posted a question that could be answered with just yes or no it needs to explicitly ask for more discussion like asking what 's the story '' or why or why not ? ''
also questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere or provide a limited scope for discussion yes/no dae polls etc .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/alodks/you_ever_woke_up_from_a_really_good_dream_and .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
just squirt some monster juice on 'em and call it a day '' umbrella probably
if it was heal all adjacent allies '' it obviously only heals those that are adjacent when you use it .
however in this case it 's shield adjacent allies ongoing until the end of the round '' .
the shield works like an aura and only gives shield while an ally is adjacent regardless of where you or they were when the ability was used so someone could move next to you and gain it when they were n't previously or someone who had it could move away and lose it .
the same applies to enhancement field which gives 1 attack to adjacent allies
yeah just send your i7 13 '' late 2013 mbp models to me .
i enjoy sport shooting and i do hunt but i 'm also shocked that civilians are allowed to carry a lot of the same equipment we had in the military with no special permits qualifications or mental health checks .
not about the tool but the right to it .
i live in aus so i know it works but it required several politicians heads to do it .
see bad reviews coming abort shut down the reviews !
one old builder that is kind of cute and still chugging along is the oregon trail one .
highschool story and hollywood u have the character collecting and fun storylines thing .
obviously not super heroes but in a lot of ways has what i wanted and never got out of avac consistent growth on main quests alongside events solid progression on opening space dating system etc .
these are no longer getting new content but still currently run .
actually the data shows that women are making more money than men at the child bearing age '' which we can agree is around 18-30 .
those saints are examples of people living together in friendship .
my point is that homosexuality should not exclude someone from being considered as people who could benefit from such friendship .
i had this research paper in pdf which talked about how kingdom of kabul came to be known as afghanistan .
basically british are responsible for it it is one among numerous british misnomers .
some british erroneously used the term afghanistan for the entire kingdom of barakzais as its rulers were afghans pashtuns .
they even began to use the term in official correspondences .
later barakzai monarchs absorbed the idea from british and begin to use it for entirety of their kingdom .
the absurdity is pointed out by some 19th century british academics themselves .
it were also british who coined the term 'afghan turkestan ' for region between oxus and hindukush .
there was a proper khurasan much of which lies in iran and there was another loose term khurasan which was used for the region between river oxus and suleiman mountains .
a britisher traveled with a lohani caravan from multan to ghazni in 1836 .
when they crossed suleiman mountains the lohani afghans told him that they have entered into khurasan .
mirza ata a writer of shah shuja 's reign calls the present-day afghanistan khurasan .
at one place he writes it is no easy thing to invade or govern kingdom of khurasan '' .
for now i use the term 'afghanistani ' much to to the anger and annoyance of pashtuns of afghanistan for citizens of afghanistan .
but what i call afghanistan is not the same afghanistan on the map of the world these days which is a british misnomer .
i am a history guy you cant fool me with every pashtun is afghan but not every afghan is pashtun '' non-sense .
dont be arrogant pricks listen to your tajik and other non-pashtun countrymen .
your body is designed not to pee with a boner as if you could easily pee with a boner your cum would go into your bladder and you would piss during sex making peeing with a boner harder than giving birth as females are designed to give birth it just hurts a lot but it 's still made to give birth .
i think its crying because the sausage is too hard
eesti.ee pole thing of the past '' väga vajalik lehekülg mida ikka uuendatakse .
do n't see evil where none exists or you 'll end up believing what they put on the front page of tabloids .
apply halon 's razor never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity .
it 's a pretty popular opinion but freddie mercury really did have incredible vocal range .
i really wonder if he 'd pursue a solo career if he never died .
of from in a country other than one 's own .
'nothing to do with us ' bit seems right to ?
you are an independent 'state ' you are not our problem .
i heard they 're planting some new trees there.. not sure if it 's the same type though
i always chop my bubble bars into little crumbs and just spoon then into the bath .
bath bombs i usually cut them at least in half .
clip from the super star troopers a roguelike tactical strategy game for windows 10 pcs .
check out website http www.superstartroopers.com and download https www.microsoft.com/store/apps/9nblggh6h1jk the game now for free !
i could only see standing tickets available in the presale .
i rushed through the booking process though as i was worried about them selling out .
my parents give 15 of their pay to the church which comes out to like 17,000 a year or roughly 70 of what i currently make in a year .
i 'd imagine the look and feel would be different ?
and traditional would n't have any images just plain text ?
yeah i know that 's what i 'm saying lol !
he 's been vital to most of our trophy wins post fergie it 's a shame he had to be a massive bell end when he was running his contract down
i would like to gift it to a friend since here in latam is hard to find any long term team and there are almost no legend players good luck to everyone though
i just hugged the most beautiful girl in the club yesterday on new years eve ! never felt so great even though i did n't want to go out that night because i was n't feeling well
happy 2019 to all you fapstronauts ! see you again in 90 days !
au final je ne vous ai pas tout à fait écoutés puisqu'on se retrouve dans l'écusson !
avec notre situation précaire on a finalement cherché plus petit et on a trouvé en deux jours un deux pièces de 48 m2 en zone piétonne .
aucun soucis de bruit pour l'instant j'attends de voir avec l'arrivée des beaux jours et c'est lumineux .
il manque la terrasse donc je ne sais pas quoi faire de mes transats d'ailleurs si ça vous intéresse ... mais on ira se promener !
bref je raconte un peu ma vie mais je suis contente !
on a déjà testé plein de restau et le quartier est vraiment sympa .
for example lina is farming jungle medusa is farming jungle not as efficient as me but what to do the heroes are decent to farm and i won but i might lose because 21k at 40 mins is really pathetic .
and 1 match i tried slark i keep trying slark it never works unless i get a lane guess what i do n't get and then i thought ursa is an excellent guy to just kill people and make space .
after all these carries will get farm after i stomp .
i 'm also subbing out am and replacing him with lycan who is a good carry to pair with sniper and drow since they will farm exactly the same space as tb and i can push aggressive as lycan .
besides one has to learn ursa at some point .
so i saw some replay of one guy bsjeaning or something thought it was bsj but i was wrong he 's rank 76 anyhow so whatever eh
it 's a stomp but what about the items ?
after deploying my vue js app to heroku successfully when i navigate to the url it is not displaying the app but prompting me to input non existent login credentials in a basic browser authentication .
i 've heard others have had this issue but have not seen a way to resolve it .
what 's up guys i 'm on mobile so apologies in advance if the formatting is a little off !
i did n't actually know who to talk to about this and i 'll explain why so i thought to post here .
long story short i had a very messy fallout with my parents which ended up me being kicked out .
a lovely friend of mine we 'll call her r talked to her parents and they agreed to let me live in the attic room whilst i get on my feet .
at any one time the house can consist of her parents her little brother her and me .
it probably seems like nothing but some strange things have been happening in the 2 weeks i 've been here .
firstly i 've been having sleep paralysis most nights which is something i 've had before but never nightly .
usually it happens at like 5am like clockwork which is super weird .
secondly around two nights ago i jolted awake because i thought someone was whispering in my ear .
i scanned the room and by the window was a cloud of smoke which quickly disappeared .
i can also hear footsteps sometimes when no one else is in it 's genuinely freaky .
but the thing that actually made me write this post was around 2 hours ago .
i woke up pretty hungover from nye and went down to get coffee .
as i was coming back up the attic steps i was almost at my door when it slammed in front of me .
no windows open whatsoever and no flow of air that could 've made it slam that hard .
i 'm fully freaked out but i 'm not sure whether to bring it up to them in fear of looking like a loon !
i 'll probably message the girl who was renting this room before me and see if she noticed anything cause i shrugged the other things off but that slam actually scared me a bit .
we danced the night away at a nye party drank too much champagne fucked to our hearts delight and fell asleep in each other 's arms .
hey just wanted to see your guys opinion on this statistic put out by an italki study funded by italki .
i 'm not saying anything about italki 's services just curious about your thoughts on this .
the language studied in the study was spanish i 'm assuming this 19 hours semester may not be true for languages that take more time arabic chinese japanese for example .
but it does n't sound too off considering it 's 1-1 language lessons v. a class of many students .
edit here 's the study http blog.italki.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/italki2018finalreport.pdf i 'm taking about .
does anyone know what are the best settings for the gcam ?
i bought a lamy vista not too long ago and i had some shimmering ink in it .
there is still some ink left in the feed after cleaning it so i tried to get the feed out .
my lamy safari on the other hand is easily disassembleable is that a valid adjective ? ? .
do you have any idea how i can get it out ?
could there possibly be a hunger mechanic in the game ?
i know that if there 's farming hunting and livestock there will much probably be food but could it have a hunger mechanic or simply a food heal system ?
not just for law school but in all aspects in life .
i am new on making skins for cs go so if you can look at my first skin thank you very much
i 've been seeing a large influx of posts/comments recently complaining that buying a home in nj is not realistic to the younger crowd .
the real problem is that a majority of people refuse to live within their means and are terrible with basic money management .
everyone wants to live in the top-tier towns but that 's just not realistic .
there are many affordable towns in nj that have great downtowns and school systems with homes for sale .
you get what you pay for in this state .
i am looking to improve my skills as a lead developer this year and make my team more effective .
we have minimal barriers and rarely do meetings while being a fairly small group .
i would like to learn more about task/project planning/management as well as just general tips for people in my position .
lmao the only linear experience i have is with cherry mx red on a corsair keyboard ooof so which switch do you prefer and whats the diffrence between the two
i have 5 items for your pleasure the 1st day of the year !
i have a bose soundsport pulse wireless earbuds that my wife does not like.. my loss your gain..
i 'm looking for 7 ounces 6 oz of silver in any form junk silver included .
i have 2 evga geforce gtx titan black video cards '' trade verified !
here is the link to the specs https www.evga.com/products/specs/gpu.aspx ? pn=b37fce25-d4db-486f-96d7-19a841689502
i 'm looking for 7 ounces of silver in any form junk silver included each .
lastly i have 2 google home mini 's and 2 google chromcasts still sealed .
i will sell each as a lot of 1 mini and 1 chromecast for 1 ase each !
i 'm 29m and i 've been struggling to find women who i seem interested in .
sure there are people that i 've chatted with that seem really cool and interesting at first but then i start losing that interest and start thinking that they would n't be right for me .
plus i believe looks are somewhat important for physical attraction and that partially factors in to why i lose interest .
i guess my question is should i lower my standards to find someone ?
i do n't want to be alone forever but at the same time i do n't want to regret settling and wishing i had waited for something better .
but what do you think of these two games .
i love how quick this base is but have n't found a smooth upper .
i just got my first riven mod from the war within come to find out after completing the required challenge to uncover what gun it 's for it 's for the snipetron ! ! !
i ca n't even get this weapon from what i 've found so why is this even still in the game ! ! ? ?
i 'm now sitting here with a useless riven and i 'm trying to decide if i still even want to play this game anymore i get the drop rates wo n't always give me what i want but seriously ?
come on warframe give me a damn break man .
so i 've struggled with depression since i was a teenager in my twenties now and while i 've still barely managed to get a life started much more is required of me to keep going .
and recently some of the most important people are no longer there for me .
i have done my best to keep a circle of friends so that i do n't feel that lonely .
now i just feel like a distraction like whenever they feel bored they 'll tell me to play with them no matter what i 'm doing .
if i say i ca n't some start ghosting me quickly and others throw a fit and cuss me out .
i recently attempted to take my own life by hanging but i got scared and managed to get my feet planted and save myself .
i told a few of these supposed friends and then they were very eager to listen and talk to me .
when i started feeling better they went back to their old ways .
i might try again soon it just made me feel lonelier again when everything just went back to normal .
i do n't know where to look for new friends anymore and being alone makes me prone to self-harm and other dumb stuff .
i dunno what anyone here could do for me but i had to open up somewhere .
really odd and specific question but does anyone know where i can find vintage camera lenses around here ?
specifically i 'm looking for minolta or canon fd mount lenses .
i 'm going to the san jose flea market but am not sure if they 'll have any vintage lenses there .
hey me and my friends want to play in some brackets money or not but we dont know if we can play because we have 2 people over 18 and 3 under 18 can we play brackets for or no money .
lmk if your interested i never really do them .
i 'm starting the merciless series by danielle vega and i see that book 3 is a prequel so would it be better to read that last and do 1 2 4 3 ?
or does 4 have spoilers for 3 so it 'd be better to just do them in the order they were published 1 2 3 4 ?
telltale 's minecraft borderlands and a wolf among us .
if you do n't know me in the discord i 'm the one working on a rune factory jumpsheet since myself and some others would like to add that to our chains .
i 've made decent progress with it but i 'm lacking ideas for some items and perks that can be added to it .
i figured the best way to break my funk would be to ask the general populace what the best things i can add would be !
if you have any ideas to help me out please comment and let me know !
the link to what i have so far is below
so based on some recent fights i have had sig 99 black widow does not allow medusa to activate living strands .
i was recently hired at a dunkin ' donuts in nyc and i 've run into a couple issues .
you need training for the job unpaid before actually getting a schedule and paid .
the dunkin ' official training guide states 10 days of training and i 've done 12 so far .
my 12th day was 12/24/18 which was christmas eve .
the problem is that my manager wants me to train even more and keep in mind i 'm pretty fluent with 96 of the tasks and my performance is good and each day of training is at least 6 hours long and after the 5th day i pretty much got the flow of everything and was working just like everyone else .
the thing that really annoys me is that another coworker did 21 days of unpaid training mainly because he just came to america and was n't very good at learning the tasks already got his schedule when we got accepted to the job on the same day .
he worked 21 days and was off on only one week end and i could n't come for a week due to final exams his performance still is n't as fluent as mine since he frequently asks me questions about the pos register and other small things yet he already got his schedule a week ago .
i recently stopped going to training and told my manager that i knew how to do everything and could n't afford to train for free 6-7 hours a day doing the same tasks as my paid coworkers and working just as hard .
he has n't replied and when i asked for his supervisors number he told me you need more train and until you get clock in you should continue otherwise u will forget .
i 'm confused now and do n't know what to do to solve this problem of not being given a schedule and given the poor excuse that i need more training when my coworkers and i all agreed that i 'm more than prepared to start paid work .
i talked to the main supervisor and he has yet to confront my manager not sure if he 'll be on my side either .
i just know that i 'm never training at that dd unless it 's paid training .
does anyone know if this kind of unpaid training is even legal in nyc ?
what about with my coworker who did 21 days of free labor ?
training and actual work are the same thing training is just unpaid pretty much
what are your thoughts on the postponing of my schedule ?
would greatly appreciate new insights or advice of any kind .
i was listening to sirius 52 and a song came on that i forgot what it was called .
i checked on dogstar and it did not go that far back .
it was a trap or edm song that sounded like it had some djembe drums playing when the beat got heavy .
i ca n't seem to attach a pic in an established thread so ... ... ... .
here 's a pic of the big move money in the es that happened today .
it 's described in the thread with the pic of my computer .
my mom got cool sculpting this morning and she just had a seizure .
has there ever been a connection between the two ?
i do n't know how they could connect but just curious if it had happened before .
but supposedly vasovagal episodes can happen several hours after a procedure not just during or immediately after like the internet says and they can be accompanied with stiffness and jerky movements my moms body stiffened up armed jerked a bit eyes rolled to the side and jaw opened .
finally did the one thing she 's been wanting to do for a long time for herself and this happens .
i met my roommate tanya in september and really hit it off with her .
she is super sweet and we have n't had any problems .
i met her boyfriend darren at the same time and i like him for the most part too .
darren is often over at our place which is n't really a problem for me since tanya has her own room and when i see him in the common areas he is always kind and talks to me .
however when we all hang out they are very touchy-feely with each other .
i totally understand this is n't even pda since this is tanya 's home but i 'm not sure what else i should call it .
whether it 's the three of us hanging out or all of us in a larger group they tend to get very flirty .
it does n't bother me so much when we are in a group but when it is just the three of us i feel like a third wheel and kind of awkward .
for example we could be hanging out and they start play wrestling .
they tend play wrestle quite a lot for maybe a couple minutes at a time .
this is when i usually get my phone out and start scrolling until they 're finished .
there are other examples like kissing and just being overall intimate that also make me uncomfortable .
it 's not something that always bothered me and even writing it out sounds so silly but after a few months it just got old .
i 'm single but i do n't think i 'm jealous of their relationship .
tanya vents to me about darren every now and again and i am very very comfortable with being single .
i think a lot of it stems from just being generally annoyed and not getting to spend much girl time with tanya .
because darren is over so often they are always together .
she has trouble setting boundaries with him and as a result i 've only spent time with tanya apart from darren a handful of times .
is this something that 's even worth being brought up to her ?
should i just figure this one out on my own ?
i really have n't had any other problems with her as a friend and roommate so i 'm not sure if i 'm just being overly petty and need to just let it go .
tl dr roommate and her boyfriend are very touchy-feely with each other when we hang out .
i just skipped 2018 and came straight from 2017 to 2019 .
trainer has abit of an opinion of this filly .
drawn wide but it should n't be a worry as they start up the shoot so only half a turn to go around .
it 's the second fave and they are hoping she jumps out and sits outside the favourite naval fleet .
always a big ask 1st up but she has the speed .
just fyi received this email about a price increase for hakuhodo mostly squirrel hair but up to 40 price jump !
we would like to inform you that hakuhodo is planning to increase the price of certain items due to the recent increase in the prices of the raw materials .
since hakuhodo currently has some raw materials in stock for production the price increases will not begin until february 1 2019 .
most of our products will be affected by a price increase ranging from 10 to 40 .
items containing squirrel hair and long horse hair be the most significantly impacted .
please note when an item runs out the current price will become invalid and hakuhodo usa will not be able accept any further orders of the out-of-stock item .
since raw material procurement itself is difficult the dates on which we will resume sales of out-of-stock items are to be determined .
hakuhodo has tried to prevent a price increase for many years because we strive to provide the best quality products at a competitive price .
however the increase in the price of raw materials has become too much for the company thus we have no choice but to implement this upcoming price increase .
if you have any questions or experience difficulties logging into your registered account please do not hesitate to contact us by email or by phone .
unique passive active on my command activate item and clicking on certain things will manipulate the minion wave .
unique passive worn out using banner of command while another banner is present in lane or in a radius will put other banners on cooldown .
click on enemy ally minions will help the player on fighting the enemy champion .
melee block incoming minion damage while ranged and cannon minions will auto attack whoever the player is attacking .
click on river path 7 minions will block a side of the way from river to lane preventing enemy champions from entering .
click on tri bush 7 minions will block the tri bush preventing enemies from entering .
click on enemy turret minions focus on the turret and will not hit enemy minions .
click on ally turret all minions will enter a defensive circle that reduces all incoming damage from the turret .
click on ally player all minions will surround the ally player and will enter a defensive circle that will block projectiles depending on how many waves the player has .
3 melees 3 ranged 1 cannon and 1 super minion .
now call me a loon if you want to but from reading a lot of cases and looking at people 's reactions to people being arrested for having sex with minors people only seem to be disgusted by the perpetrators because of the legal side of it .
i feel like if there was no laws against this more people would n't give this a second look .
some people fantasize about having sex with their high school teachers but ca n't due to the legal repercussions .
who knows how many teachers are only kept at bay because of the law ?
i know i sound absolutely crazy but give this a thought .
it 's a headache since the newly constructed road going to the shops is not connected to the main road .
usually 'road update ' requests can be done via the google maps app .
unfortunately for dubai it says we can not fix map issues in this region yet '' .
is their a known workaround to solve this issue ?
some are saying to file a request on rta but this seems to be a strange solution .
i mean supposedly every year there is a sports festival with which two would still be ?
if so tell me your most anticipated fights from worst to best i would honestly be these 3-midoriya vs bakugou 3 2-todoroki vs midoriya 2 and finally the one i most expect not only because of the epic that would be but also because i have also seen from the darkness as two types of fans are taken to kill and this fight would be the rematch of todoroki vs bakugou 2 this fight from my point of view would have more weight in the arch since now todoroki would go seriously against bakugou and once for everyone could say who is stronger since currently with what they have improved they have not faced
ps if you see any failure to understand or something forgive me english is not my first language
it just seems to me every weirwood tree mentioned is sone varying degree of ancient .
i can not remember a reference to any weirwood saplings or even a regular tree sized one .
one would think an ancient weirwood would have some offspring surronding it .
or is every one a transplant/clone placed by the children and the first men ?
why is durkon not naked when raised from dead ?
extremely new to working with google scripts as well as javascript .
i 'm trying to record the date and time into separate cells but for some reason it seems that the date is being recorded as what seems to be a 24h version of the current time while the actual time cell records exactly how i want it to .
although the result i 'm getting is something along the lines of
is this not how i 'm supposed to be grabbing the date/time or am i just doing something wrong ?
if more information is needed i 'd be happy to include it .
i also have a decent hardware setup i 'm working on but am mainly interested in how i can maximize the potential of my current software .
hugh stands at around five foot nine or so as he is rather old in his late 50 's or early 60 's
he is dressed in a tweed suit that has been put on in a somewhat sloppy manner akin to the classic absent minded scientist '' style .
he wears a pair of spectacles on his face that have slid somewhat down his nose he also has a second pair hanging around his neck in case he loses his first .
in the breast pocket of his jacket he has several pens .
his hair is almost all white and he has certainly been balding he has also grown a bear similar to this https homehero-production.s3.amazonaws.com/article-assets/bald-senior-with-beard.jpg he is also wearing a paisley bow-tie
in his right hand he is carrying his magic sceptre the avalon will '' .
the lower two thirds is exquisitely carved dark wood the bottom of the sceptre having been carved into the shape of a dragons head similar to how vikings carve dragons with a yellow gem for its eye .
the upper third is made out of metal seemingly fused into the wooden portion the metal is twisted in a fancy spiral leading up to a roughly-hewn green crystal that is clamped in place with the metal .
in his left hand hugh is holding a large leather-bound tome with metal corners and such .
his research on monsters and magic and especially on the ascalon gate '' a crystal that can be used to summon the bbeg to earth
in terms of his pose i was wondering if it could be something that shows that he is both a powerful wizard but still also an absent minded old science teacher
my first post on reddit but i really needed to get this out .
my ex came to visit me in europe after not seeing each other for 9 months .
we agreed to take a break at the beginning of 2018 because of the long distance with me going europe for that year and her working in the states .
honestly i did n't think she would even visit me because she found love '' with another guy at her work while i was away .
but problems would arise with her new relationship and next thing you know we started talking again .
eventually things were good between us and she booked her flight to see me overseas for 30 days which much persuasion from her parents because they like me a lot .
we had an amazing time in europe we saw the eiffel tower traveled to scotland it was like dream .
my ex suffers from depression and anxiety which i am more than ok with .
at first i did n't know how to help her through her lows because it was all new to me but eventually we learned to work through it .
she would soon try to overdose on pills and cut herself which are things she do when shes feeling low when i was away at work .
it got so bad that i had to hide all the razors and pills in the apartment which in the 3 years we dated i have done before .
we worked through her low and everything was good again .
we went for a romantic walks went dancing at a great nightclub and had great time .
she started walking around in her sexy lingerie which drove me crazy and she knew it .
then she asked for a message and i was more than happy to give .
my ex has an amazing body even though her self esteem tells her otherwise .
i say this because in the heat of the moment i took a pic of my hand gripping her ass which i thought was harmless because we share naughty pics all the time .
i would put my phone down and we would start getting busy .
later that same night she would stand over my sleeping body with the lights on .
apparently she went through my phone and found that picture and freaked out saying that i violated her rights and degraded her .
i was shocked because i did n't know how to take that .
she threatened to leave europe early because she was so upset but i calmed her down .
we once again reconcile over the issue and we even had another intimate night .
her time in europe would eventually come to end so i dropped her off at the airport with tearful goodbyes .
she demanded that i come to her family 's for christmas and new years which is something we usually did on the holidays .
before she even made plans to come see me in europe another guy a different guy mind you .
not the one she was in a relationship at her work already paid for him and her to go on a ski trip right after her trip to europe .
at the time i was n't worried because apparently this guy was a friend of hers .
during her time at work while i was gone she was hooking up with a married guy the guy i mentioned she found love '' with .
this married guy had anger issues and we sometimes take it out on my ex physically .
well one day the other guy trip guy would eventually step in save her .
and if who 's ever reading this she 's known married guy for like a year and trip guy for like 5 months .
yes she was in contact with trip guy '' the entirety of her trip in europe .
a week after i dropped her off at the airport trip guy '' picked her up from the airport took her home to her parents where he would proceed to get under her family good grace 's and ask her to be his gf which she agreed because her parents apparently like that guy too .
a week after that homeboy asked her to marry her during engagement bliss of holiday season and she said yes .
i did n't know any of this until i got back to the states .
i got back a couple of days after she got engaged .
she would n't even post the engagement on facebook until she told me first .
we talked deeply last week how she does n't know what the fuck is going in her life .
she almost sound like she was backed into a corner and she did n't know what do when he dropped on his knee .
she gave me a sob story on how she did n't even know she wanted to live and how shes not even thinking about her wedding .
even during the holidays her parents noticed how her mood changed for the worse .
she did n't even want to celebrate her engagement .
i 'm supposed to see her in two days to give her belongings back and if anybody read this jumbled mess thank you but what am i supposed to say to her when i see her ?
although i have read multiple guides and articles about powering up the characters the relation of soul boost with class up still feels ambiguous to me .
lets say for instance a i have a player with 21 of soul panels in class 1 1-300 lvl .
then i soul boost it to class 2 300-600 lvl and then get 95 of soul panels in class 2 .
for instance b i have the same player with 0 of soul panels in class 1 but after soul boosting it to class 2 i have 95 of soul panels of class 2 .
considering the fact that the same character in instance a and b has 95 of soul panels in class 2 at the end is my character in instance a more powerful that the one in instance b or they are the same ?
i have a character with lvl 1 in class 1 .
considering i have the items to ascend him to class 2 should i get the soul panels in class 1 before soul boosting it to class 2 or should i directly soul boost it to class 2 with 0 of soul panels of class 1 ?
to clarify this question even further will the soul panels i bought in class 1 affect the performance of my character in class 2 ?
this one is unrelated to the previous 2 questions and kind of silly .
does the order matter if you buy soul panels first and then train you character or train first and then buy soul panels ?
i am asking these questions because i have to increase the power level of my character with minimum resource and time consumption and i do n't want to waste my zeni 's and souls to buy a good amount of soul panels in class 1 when it makes virtually no difference once that character ascends to class 2 .
vashikaran specialist maulana ji 91-9784858184 is a person or an astrology who come to the fore to the people in trouble with the grace of astrology and help them out of their problem .
he or she is a person who possesses the complete knowledge of all the muslim rituals like worshiping of islamic chanting of wazifa and resorting to tricks and their proper casting or chanting methods .
download high quality bollywood songs like kanpne lage tum 320.86 kb for your mobiles now .
not too long ago i hatched a munchlax from a 7km yay me ! .
just a couple minutes ago today i was curious to see what the cp and hp would be if i were to evolve it .
but when i tried to check it does n't show the option to check what it 's evolved cp/hp would be for its evolved form snorlax .
i made sure my app is up-to-date v5.2.6 so ... no problem there .
all other 1st and 2nd stage pkmn show power-up predictions for their evolved form s .
so it would only make sense for it to be consistent with the newly winter released baby pkmn .
so i ca n't tell if goiv shows power-up prediction for their evolved forms mantine and chimecho .
it happened a few days ago after i downloaded a few apps from the play store .
every couple of minutes when i 'm using my phone a pop up ad appears and covers my phone screen .
sometimes 3 or 4 pop up at one time .
it is extremely annoying and i would love it if someone could help me out here as i 'm not very tech savvy .
is there an easy fix for this or do i need to take it in to a repair shop ?
one is a ssd that is mainly for the os and a 1tb hdd for everything else .
the other day i tried downloading a rather large torrent on the hdd 25gb and i kept getting crc errors .
i thought it was the torrent so i tried a different one .
i rebooted and it took waaay longer than usual .
now some programs that are installed on the hdd are n't even opening like firefox .
it 's a 1tb seagate hdd i bought in 2015 and i 'm currently running a seatools scan on it right now .
i started secondary school in 2015. start of middle school if you 're american .
year 7 i made lots of new friends but i was always kinda of the nerd .
we hung out because we were all our best choices .
the first thing i really felt growing up was the paris attacks in november 2015. the first time i felt those emotions .
sympathy loss and even though it was n't like i was directly affected by it i felt this sense of doom and sadness .
february 2016. sent my first valentine 's day card .
my best friend did it too to a different boy .
i got my other friend to give them to the respective people .
not sure if he ever found out it was me .
i most likely felt peer pressured and he was my 'crush ' .
the brexit referendum happened in june 2016. feels weird to reference a political event when talking about my teenage years however it 's definitely a way to pinpoint a certain time in my life and my given views at that point .
i was pretty shocked when the leave vote won .
i am happy to have had political views at quite a young age .
it was a week he 'd ignore me in the corridors and now the dude likes to pretend it did n't happen .
i remember just before summer 2016 coming out as gay .
sometimes i regret doing this but you ca n't change the past .
i ran around my school 's astroturf catching up with my friends and told them .
i was in my 12 year old emo phase and in the 'queer ' friendship group .
maybe i came up with the decision too quickly and just wanted to fit in .
it was a few years ago and i do n't remember much of it .
i had my 13th birthday and became a teenager .
for me i found this a bit intimidating because of things like my sexuality .
trump did n't seem like the accepting person you 'd want to lead a country to me .
i was growing away from some of my less close friends .
i had a lisp and id always been something of a point of amusement to some people .
they ask me to say words that i could n't say and laugh at me .
i probably made the right decision to stop hanging out with them so much .
i do n't remember much else happening in year 8. i was happy .
at the start of year 9 most of my classes changed .
i still was with some of my friends but id got comfortable with the group of 30 people that id seen every day at school for 2 years .
id started realising i had feelings for my best friend the prior summer .
my friend never really made an effort to try and talk to me .
ive always thought my problem was caring too much .
she stopped making an effort i stopped making an effort .
small things would make me angry and i hated it .
i still deal with this but it hurts thinking about it .
i had a shitty week and had had an even shittier day .
looking back i do n't know whether i really would have gone through with it .
mostly because im unreliable and i do n't know what im doing myself .
i met this girl online through a group chat about a music artist .
id spoken to her before but it was that night we really connected .
she did n't know i was suicidal but she made me happy .
she was 17 i was 14. kinda weird but i did n't care .
i was constantly fighting to recover between frequent relapses .
i just thought my life was much less important than someone else 's happiness .
the opportunities id had in the time that had passed since .
i have a theory that the only truly happy people are the ones that have found enough distractions or completely oblivious .
sure my life 's not perfect but i have recovered from where i used to be .
i knew i could n't be with her and she told me she deserved to know earlier .
do n't take the blame for things you did n't do .
suicide is never the best option and you always have something to live for .
if anyone wants to talk or ask questions pm or comment if you would like .
here is a problem i encountered when testing out computing packages neaderthal and fluokitten .
what i found out is if setting unchecked-math right before the foldmap call its effect wo n't penetrate the call .
yet if it is set as a global variable in project.clj then foldmap would be much faster .
unchecked-math warn-on-boxed is in effect the average run time is about 240us on my computer if it is not the average run time is about 5ms .
my question is why unchecked-math can not penetrate function calls .
is there any place i need to look after ?
i heard this game is good but i dont know what to do really .
i have played no mans sky and learned easily but with this one i am struggling .
does this mean that the player only can play a specific position ?
perhaps someone that shoots 'r ' would gravitate toward rw to naturally set-up a forehand shot as opposed to a backhand shot on the lw right ?
if the players prefer to play a specific position does this limit their marketability ?
say a team needs a rw and lw are only available to acquire .
why would they not all want to be classified/listed as a generic 'f ' instead ?
also why is a preference only declared for forwards e.g .
does the coach assign ld and rd or is it merely agreed upon among the players on the ice ?
i really hate the idea of separate dcs versions that are n't compatible with each other but i have standalone because i have modules from both the ed store and steam which works good enough .
i understand that new additions to the steam store starting from may 2017 will no longer be compatible with standalone .
i made sure to carefully check the product pages for the su33 and mig29 for the disclaimer that says they are not compatible with standalone but could n't find it so i bought them .
because these are older modules i figured they would still work on standalone but apparently not .
this whole system is incredibly frustrating especially because i ca n't use steam gift cards to get modules any more no f14 for me .
is my only option to install dcs on steam to use these two ?
heyo i 'm bela and i 'm producing hip hop beats but also electronic music .
on a beat of mine i did a while back .
it is a 90 bpm beat and has an asian touch which inspired me .
check it out if you are interested bela senshi beat https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qpvrfnv0qz4
i have a 2nd look at a em program in a couple week has anyone done these ?
i 'm worried this may actually hurt me haha .
every time they get a call need to call someone they have to take off their shoe s and use it as a phone .
it works as a phone and everything but it 's just a shoe .
not as much as my first play through but that 's a given .
want to spend more time as arthur as in my first play through i mainly focused on the main story because i just could n't get enough .
now that 's out of the way iv just noticed something really cool .
mr downes is the one who stops you beating the big guy into the mud .
i just want everyone reading this to know i love you and jesus loves you !
when you head off to work be grateful for a job and be a light to your co workers .
if your going to school realize jesus has a plan and a purpose for your life .
jesus is all around just look at the beauty of his creation all around !
the depths of our lords beauty has no limits .
rejoice today for the lord rose and is alive !
god bless all of you who believe in jesus even when you do n't see him .
on some of my posts i almost get close to zero impressions from hashtags it 's very strange
i 'm struggling to find a way to reduce the dark circles around my eyes .
they seem to come and go in phases some days the circles wo n't be as prominent but other days they are noticeably worse .
here is a picture where they look brownish https imgur.com/ridkagc https imgur.com/ridkagc and here they look almost reddish https imgur.com/gyerypr https imgur.com/gyerypr .
i have generally clear skin i rarely get any acne other than the odd pimple here and there but i do struggle with some red blemishes that come and go .
i 've read that people have had success using a vitamin c product to reduce dark circles and was wondering if i should try that out or change my entire skincare routine as a whole .
i 've used the the cerave moisturizing cream and cetaphil gentle skin cleanser before but over time my skin started to have a negative reaction to them .
also i 'm not too concerned about the cost to reshape my skincare routine because i 've been having a hard time to find something that works .
any recommendations would help so much thank you guys !
however like one out every 500 or so messages gets dropped and never delivered to me or from me .
i 've confirmed this with friends saying they never got my message .
i 'm thinking between its some battery saving thing where it does n't want to wake my phone and if i do n't check within enough time it just never delivers .
deep down i know that she has n't tried reaching out to me .
i know that she does n't think about me at all .
even before it was obvious i am nothing to her .
but i ca n't help but wonder what-if ... what if she did try and i never got the message and now she thinks i 'm ghosting her
i have stopped bleeding now and i took an opk for the heck of it and got a light line .
is it possible i 'm going to be ovulating already ?
i have n't taken a pregnancy test to see if it was negative yet nor has the doctor called me to get another hcg test done .
so i really do n't know where i 'm at .
my recruiter just called me up and said he would like to come in tomorrow for the opat and orientation .
what can i expect from the opat also what 's considered a passing score and what should i expect from orientation ?
i am a bot designed to create a new post each day so we can all discuss today 's afterbirth daily challenge !
please post all scores discussion and thoughts and today 's daily in the comments below .
if you want to avoid being spoiled about the daily do n't venture below this point .
feel free to use https greedbutt.com to link to your score breakdown in the comments below ab players use https greedbutt.com/plus instead
discord users do n't forget the isaac server where you can chat in the daily channel https discord.gg/isaac
i 've seen and felt a dark sinister shadow when i was younger .
i 'd feel it grabbing me by the leg and dragging me .
i 've heard them called anything from incubi/succubus to et 's from higher dimensions observing .
regardless they or it freaked the fuck outa me ... causing me to scream but unable to do anything about it .
about 2 yrs ago i decided i was n't going to back down i was going to confront the being without fear .
after that i 've been able to astral project .
not to the akashick records where astral projectors claim to go or anywhere special just able to walk through the walls of my house and jump on my roof through the ceiling .
the only way to overcome that evil presence is to not be afraid at all .
try to act loving toward it if that makes sense .
and has anybody been able to physically change something in their astral bodies they can see the next day ?
ex flipping a card over while ob and seeing it while awake
has anyone got a good suggestion for getting a triple monitor setup with different types of monitors .
i want to be able to get a 4k monitor 144hz/240hz monitor i already have this https www.amazon.co.uk/benq-xl2411p-sports-adjustable-equalizer/dp/b075jgl4wv/ref=sr_1_1 ? s=computers ie=utf8 qid=1546599257 sr=1-1 keywords=xl2411 and then one other 1080p monitor .
my best idea so far is to get this https www.amazon.co.uk/benq-pd3200u-3840x2160-anti-glare-flicker-free/dp/b07glr6rqf/ref=sr_1_2 ? s=computers ie=utf8 qid=1546599506 sr=1-2 keywords=benq 2b4k refinements=p_n_feature_two_browse-bin 3a12128846031 th=1 as the primary centre monitor and buy another of the xl2411s and put one on either side .
as a woman i 'm really curious cos that happened to me couple times .
why ask for number/add me on social media if you are not going to talk to me ?
i wondered if there was a way to easily have a different launch configuration i.e .
what happens when you press f5 depending on the file/path/extension .
the first runs and debugs the mocha tests in the current file .
this only works if the current file is a typescript file with tests in it .
my second launch configuration i have set up runs my entire node application which i run from a custom json file which is the first argument to the main node entry file e.g .
this only works if the current file is a json file .
i either have to manually change the launch configuration or ctrl+p debug '' and then select the configuration .
even adding a keyboard shortcut to a particular launch configuration might help but i ca n't seem to do that either i can add one to a task but that does n't seem to help .
hello i had an idea which i tried to post this late last night it received 10 upvotes but no replies .
we can do better than that post your favorite/best tips !
a thread whose single purpose is to be a collection of helpful tips videos links for new players or veterans there is always something you do n't know ...
i 'll get started with what i found to be the most helpful for me personally video i have ever found .
it explains how to customize your camp spawn point .
now please share the most helpful stuff you have found so everyone can learn something new ! !
this topic was discussed here and there before but i have n't found a solution yet .
i built custom power switches based on 1wire protocol then i created homebridge plugin for it and it 's running pretty well .
i have a plan on expanding my invention to the world but the only thing that preventing me from it is an absence of android integration .
so basically i'de like my switches to be able to integrate in both ios and android .
even web-based solution homebridge-config-ui-x https github.com/oznu/homebridge-config-ui-x does n't work in my case since it ignores dynamic platforms .
i launched ring of elysium for the first time after downloading tonight .
then you receive your first prize to select from some type of random roll ... once i selected the prize and the game linked up to the servers to add prize to my account mine was 2000xp .
immediately after it kicked me from the game and the message appeared you have been banned for cheating behavior '' .
this was the first time launching the game and i did n't even get to load in a map ... clearly a glitch .
my theory ... as a free to play game they are attempting to use different methods of account verification as outlined in their terms of service '' which i was for-warned of on the review page .
there is a reviewer in the top few displayed that does a very good job explaining the method in detail .
it basically uses all these cookies etc ... to check your recent search social media profiles accessed from your machine or ip and some other fairly invasive stuff .
to prevent someone from cheating and hopping to a new machine with the free download .
it 's my belief that the attempted verification likely bounced back and forth between my home pc running shadow and my remote shadow pc .
i assume there was something it could not compute or recognized as multiple inputs or excessive machines attached ... whatever the hell it was it did n't like it .
support was super fast to respond and claims there is nothing to be done .
they actually claimed that my ban was likely because someone who previously used my remote pc had been banned using that specific one and grandfathered me into the ban and whoever has my machine next ...
from how shadow is explained each virtual machine should be like a brand new computer with a new fingerprint .
unless it logs the serial of the gpu or the windows serial i do not see how that would be possible .
there 's nothing they can or will do to fix it presently .
the fix i was suggested was use a different computer .
other than the fact that it has an anti-intuitive heaping pile of steaming buffalo shit as an interface
and how much do concrete masonry walls are bad for it ?
i might need a new ap so just want to be prepared .
we are very thrilled to announce that we are scheduled to launch leveraged futures trading in february 2019 .
our new features will include linear perpetual futures contracts multi-currency multi-asset collateralization and fix support .
these favorable services are tailored not only for incumbent traders but also for institutional investors .
better if it 's specifically for lesbians but any good book is ok. do you girls know of anything ?
stocks listen for the recommended penny stocks be of the first to buy them and low and then sell them gradually as to make money while the price of the stocks or shares climb and try to be of the first of whom who buy fairly low unless the overall trend of lows becomes too low from an overall value lowering trend .
do n't encourage mass sell offs and dumps without buying at least an equal amount of stocks from the same company once the value drops after sell offs because that loses alot of people alot of money figure a gradual trickle in both directions of supply while demand as to let the value of stocks increase steadily .
if people invest in good demanded quality valuing companies which are also service oriented for their customers 's and employees 's benefits while using this technique then everyone can win and society would be better off because of it and especially if they do n't panic everytime that someone tells them to .
the people could actually take control of the country 's destiny this way .
media and banks you got your social persuasion or brainwashing and your somatic encouragement which blend together to determine who wins and who loses and maybe even the whens .
taking the world back starts with people deciding to cooperate with each other to gain together which would boost the value of our economy by making it so that everyone gains while people collectively decide which companies should win and which companies should lose for society 's combined benefit .
serious investors could decide to become millionaires together by working together to get the price of stocks high while keeping long term increases in mind by constantly buying and selling stocks while keeping alot of them until people sell off one by one and everyone would have to hold their stocks during price drops unless they are the some people who decide to sell alot at the same time and then buy even more once the value drops after massive selling as to make even more money which would make the value increase again which would benefit every shareholder of the company in the long term .
by buying penny stocks in companies which promise green technology hands on and career focused public education which teaches people several career paths with all of the prequisites for the tasks of each career medical advancements and societal automation people could make alot of money while kick-starting an american golden age while using democracy .
make a blog and poll section on a website where people decide what stocks they are going to apply the world changing while gaining strategy to and click yes or no and the percentage of yes and no in relation to the total votes will be displayed with a company description .
of which are from suspected trolls and figure the best and worst tallies of yes and no by accounting for the troll votes .
maybe even add links to popular trading websites to make it even easier .
this approach to gaining while deciding the world would promote against monopolies because everyone would want to gain from penny stocks and a futuristic infrastructure in the future .
she gave me a book by rainier maria rilke before that .
i 'm coherent after drinking more than their sum total .
only harold can help me now from my abandoned luncheonette which only offers dinner service .
every time i store the power fist my xbox freezes the sound stutters and closes the game .
is it more profitable to use staminas while doing natures through the abyss ?
i 'm 45 rc and 56 agility if that matters .
poly clean gloves emerald good green brightnes with minimum scratchless !
hi i 'm a minnesota gal and i 'm trying to workout so that i feel better about myself and my body .
in the winter it 's harder for me to be motivated to work out because all i really can do is run on my treadmill .
depending on how i feel sometimes i 'll be running for 30 minutes or an hour sometimes i 'll walk for an hour with an incline of 10 sometimes i 'll do interval running .
i workout on weekdays and tend not to on the weekends .
my diet is not the best because there 's really only junk food in my house which i usually do n't eat .
there 's also no ingredients in my house to cook my own food .
because there 's just not much healthy food in my house i usually choose to eat nothing rather than putting junk into my body .
i try to eat out a maximum of once a week .
could you please help me and give me a few pointers ?
or with the https www.bibliotecapleyades.net/montauk/esp_montauk_15.htm conspiracy theory which involved time travel
so does it involve some type of temporal torture ?
or is that it is a ritual to hasten not stop the worlds end ?
i 've chased this one girl for 3 years or so .
i finally ended up confessing my feeling for her and got best friend zoned .
i had to accept it as she kept coming to me complaining about her shitty exes while i died every time because i know i could 've treated her better .
fast forward another year and we 've stopped talking because she moved away .
we rarely talk saying that we miss each other and we got ta meet up soon blah blah blah .
unfortunately even after all this time i have n't 100 moved on .
i see her complain on social media about her terrible exes and what not and i wan na die each time .
obsessing over the show i 've already dedicated a neighborhood to make all the characters buildings but whenever i google to get louise 's bunny hat for example the links are expired or taken down .
i saw some cc for the restaurant itself which i think was ts3 but again the link did n't work .
none shows up on modthesims or thesimsresource very little on the gallery ts4 apart from the buildings .
i 'm mostly after the characters cc at this point as ts4 has a lot of creating options .
but if people have direct working links to anything from either ts3 or ts4 that would be great ❤️🍔
i am a bot currently in my testing phase .
i feel like they do everything in their power to avoid battlefronts original roots .
it does n't have to be named anything extravagant if it requires capturing command posts i would be perfectly happy with conquest or galactic conquest ...
anyone lease or half lease a horse and have liability insurance for it ?
i 'm setting up a half lease for my horse and wondering if i should look into it
so i picked up some dank vapes cartridges from the buddy and was wondering if the pesticides thing is real ?
i have several and feel like all my money has been wasted cause i 'm scared to keep hitting them .
i only found out about this and it kinda explains why i have been restless and puked a couple nights ago and last night i had the night sweats ?
i mean i hit it quite a bit when i 'm off work .
i have 3 kids and a very forgetful husband all of whom do n't know how to put the remote back so it does n't get lost .
i am seriously about to glue the thing to a giant block of wood .
does anyone have any unique ideas to prevent remotes from going missing ? ?
i would still need to be able to change the batteries in the back
if i 'm spacing out i have found i absentmindedly think of routes i used to take in my old town .
the way to a friend 's house and the path to the old bank my mom would go to across town .
they are of no consequence to me at all but i keep thinking about them .
45 damage increased after each consecutive hit on the same target
20 gain brief health regeneration when you hit an enemy
45 if not in combat 100 vats accuracy at 50 ap cost
45 reflects 50 of melee damage back while blocking damage increased arter each consecutive hit on the same target 1 strength
45 weighs 90 less and does not count as armor for the chameleon mutation
50 1 agility reduces damage while blocking by 15 when incapacitated gain a 50 chance to revive yourself with a stimpack once every minute
so i 've edited quite a few esps that have come from the nexus for my personal preferences through xedit or the creation kit .
what i was wondering is if there is a simple script that can be run in xedit or a method people use to quickly and safely copy or compare my personal edits to an esp with the latest nexus version .
tl dr i do n't want to re-do all my editing on the newly updated esp if i can avoid it .
i am a bot currently in my testing phase .
🌴 been liking the fat beats to the countdown to spring 🌴 current fav is 2pac with when i get free .
remember to post your videos and watch the others so you can get some watch time .
my little bud is getting some tail shredding and i 'm quite worried .
he 's in a small tank at the moment but i 'm very soon on a to be upgrading him to a larger one .
he 's still very active making bubble nests eating his bloodworms and his tank has all silk plants .
no.descriptionparameter**1x y z b working area1300x2500x450mmx 90 degree2table size1450×2940mm3x y z traveling positioning accuracy±0.03/300mm4x y z repositioning accuracy ±0.03mm5table surfacevacuum and t-slot combined option t-slot table 6frameheavy steel tube structure7x y structurerack and pinion drive hiwin rail linear bearings8z structurehiwin rail linear bearings and ball screw9max .
working speed30000mm/min12spindle power9.0kw13spindle speed0-24000rpm14drive motors850w yaskawa motors15working voltageac380v/50/60hz,3ph option 220v 16command languageg code17operating systemsyntec control system18computer interfaceusb ethernet19flash memory512m20colleter3221x y resolution 0.03mm22software compatibilitytype3/ucancamev9 software option artcam software 23running environment temperature0 45 centigrade24relative humidity30 75 25packing size3300x2400x2800mm26n.w.3300kg27g.w.3500kg28optional partsdust collector dust hoods for three axisvacuum pumprotary systemmist-cooling systemdelta panasonic servo motorschinese air cooling spindle
tl dr how do you write stories that follow invest for a wizard-based ui ?
not sure if this is the right place to post such a question but i 'm hoping to get some advice on story-writing for systems/ui 's that use a wizard interface .
i generally try to follow the invest approach to story writing and it typically works out really well .
we have small stories usually independent of others which add value to the system for our customers and we can deploy once definition of done is met .
it 's straight forward and it works for us .
but right now we find ourselves working on a site that will involve some unavoidably complex user input the subject matter of this site is steeped in some somewhat complicated science as we are writing this for scientists and researchers to use and we all agree that a wizard user experience makes the most sense in these cases .
so now i 'm working with my team to write the stories for this set of screens and i 'm having a hard time breaking them down into bite-sized chunks .
encapsulating an entire wizard in a single story seems broken as the complexity of the rules behind what we 're building would make that 1 story take a good 4 sprints or more .
breaking individual steps of the wizard into their own stories is tempting but then the stories are no longer independent valuable without the other stories testable without the other stories in some cases and still are n't necessarily small .
do any of you have experience with writing stories for such a system ?
have you found anything that works or at least mitigates some of the awkwardness of the stories involved ?
thanks in advance to anyone who may have some words of wisdom on this matter !
as a frenchman some characters have not the same name in english i would like to know if that 's the case in others languages .
feel free to add the names in your language .
i list the names in french and english below .
i 've had a look online at some first aid training through the british red cross and st. john 's ambulance but they all look to be £200-£300 .
i did n't know if there were any free courses out there ?
though the day is relatively clear a low rumble of thunder passes over the pub as the portal opens .
a blinding flash of light accompanies it followed by the unmistakable smell of burning hair and cloth .
then an unexpected sound drifts through the portal a man 's voice spewing what can only be profanities in a harsh language based on the venom lacing the jagged words .
a small figure https www.reddit.com/r/wayfarerspub/comments/9ynkwz/meta_quick_character_reference_5/edoi5mz hops through the portal on one foot hair in a wild mane and one eyebrow missing altogether struggling with the bindings holding his scorched boot in place .
though he leans on his staff he loses his balance and falls .
he hits the ground with an 'oof ' then pops upright dark eyes widening as he sees the new surroundings .
smoldering boot forgotten he looks around suspiciously before heading towards the pub .
those patrons present on the ground floor are met with an odd sight a teenager with a tangled mop of black hair and missing an eyebrow lightly smoldering and with two of his toes protruding from a blackened hole in his boot .
despite this his posture is utterly confident almost nonchalant as if this is an everyday occurence .
he demands as he pats out a few smoldering patches on his robes .
there were empty seats all over the place she could 've sat anywhere else but she decided to sit next to me .
do hs teachers or college professors get more time off in the year ?
i know hs gets summer and all the breaks in between does college get anything special ?
once when noël coward was crossing from britain to the united states by ocean liner the company in the cocktail lounge included a rather pompous english gentleman who was complaining bitterly of a recent occasion on which he had not been treated with the respect he clearly felt he deserved .
'they did n't seem to know who i was ! '
the folio book of humorous anecdotes 2005 actors and the theatre ''
does anyone have experience in working the the inprnt website for making prints ?
i 'm having a hard time picking a third party printing service there 's a few to choose from .
being a midwit n is like being a misunderstood genius except that you 're also not a genius just a run of the mill doomsayer .
you guys as far as i can tell are great .
i 'm on mobile and this is also my first time posting so i 'm sorry for any mistakes
hey guys and girls i 'm a destiny 2 vanilla player on xbox and i 'm a power level 287 hunter .
i was wondering if you guys have any ways to quickly earn light i have tried the crucible but that gives me 500 power weapons i ca n't use
so i 'm in a bit of a bind .
i 'm trying to get my license restored from its suspended status .
i 've already filled my tax return and stand to receive a decent return back once the government gets its act together and all .
i 'm in desperate need of my license so i can return to work .
and though my tax refund is guaranteed the irs wo n't start processing refunds until january 29th i 've already completed my return and e-filed .
the return is more than enough to cover the 1000 i 'll have to repay and payment will be issued by the lender-preferred method as soon as the refund is received prior to march 31st .
free boneyard remnant countertop when we do the fabrication installation .
for a short time only take advantage of this great deal paired with the deal above !
i 'm reading many controversial comments https community.ubnt.com/t5/edgerouter/edgemax-edgerouter-software-version-v2-0-0-has-been-released/td-p/2622433 on the official forums and i have no idea what should i do .
i 'd like to upgrade but of course i would n't want to break anything .
any chance of allowing third party players like kodi to be used ?
dreamt of smoking and was really disappointed in myself .
lost my shit at my bf and am now sat sulking .
i hope the apa continues to release misandric and ideologically driven practice guidelines .
i hope the feminist scholars in all their deluded glory continue to malign masculinity from isolated perches far removed from the toils of men .
i hope the op-ed mills at the progressive news outlets never falter in their quest to dream up new and evermore ridiculous ways to drag men through the mud .
the dark underbelly of our culture is being brazenly revealed and men are starting to wake up .
your value is not contingent upon the approval of women .
your purpose is not defined by the dictates of your culture .
your liberation is closer than you have dared to imagine .
it seems that the concept of positive thinking isglorified .
every great idea has a huge following and some of them highlight its benefits in an exaggerated manner unaware of the downside of that idea .
it has less to do with the great idea itself than people who while supporting it interpret it in a very diverse ways .
motivational workshops and seminars have an agenda of pushing positive thinking philosophy at any cost .
they link this belief to a happy life and feel good outlook about general life .
a widespread hypothesis that positive attitude helps us to find a way out is just not right .
more than most things turn out very different than what was envisioned .
one finds that there is a difference between the reality and the imagination .
the more you force yourself to imbibe positive emotions the more negative setbacks are felt .
the force to imbibe positive feelings create a sort of burden in the minds of the person and he she starts feeling that fewer and fewer vibrations are coming .
in addition to this the feeling of everything is going to be alright has no cushion to fall back when things go wrong .
yes they often go wrong as per murphy ' law .
when things turn wrong the positive thinker may feel that he/she was not that positive to the required scale .
continually evaluating oneself on a positive scale and then things turning in opposite direction may be dangerous for the person who then puts himself herself in a swamp of continuous disappointment .
it may over a time lead to depression and violent reactions .
the opposite of positive thinking is not negative thinking .
the right approach is the balance between the two mindsets .
the true positive thinking is embracing all the possibilities of life in its various forms and ways .
the balanced mind has the ability to understand the negativity in its natural form and accept the situation in whatever way it turns out .
martin seligman who advocated positive psychology himself warned that too much of optimism may put a blind over our eyes from reality and the subsequent consequences may be quite different .
positive emotions are concerned with being content with one 's past being happy in the present and having hope for the future .
most important thing is these theories have not been proved empirically .
but the pessimistic person thought that what about if he fell from the airplane while afloat ?
this pessimist invented parachute which saves the life while falling from the aircraft .
i was wondering where can i watch blade runner and blade runner 2049 at cuz i watched the first one theatrical version
does your world have any races or cultures that abound exclusively within the concrete jungle ?
whether they be sewer goblins who skulk and terrorize surface dwellers or even genetically-engineered rat-mutants flushed down the toilet i 'd love to hear about your city-dwelling races !
as long as their populations predominantly inhabit cities they 're allowed here .
please courteously respond to any post that strikes your curiosity to spark conversation and a higher reply count to bolster my ego .
so it starts off with a guy saying he knows his step mom has been stripping and he 'll tell on her so she gives him a lap dance and that ends up in them fucking
also have ultracite plans and other higher level legendary weapons .
i did n't add images just to gauge people 's interest but here they are .
hello guys i love 2d platforming metrovania gamestyle and 2d games full of secrets and things to do
plus i would like to know your opinion on some games on ps4 ?
i have no history of the comics but are very intrigued by the movies
hi i 'm looking to buy sa space cadet enough for a tkl i guess but let me know what you have and gmk oblivion prefer white with git modifiers but again let me know what you have .
i 've played 1400 hours and have a lot of footage to share with you guys including lots of pvp tips boss fight tricks bits of lore .
this run is from start to finish where we 'll be getting every piece needed by rushing straight to dancer then oceiros and champ after that rushing straight to friede/demon prince and lots of pvp as well !
hope you enjoy watching as much as i enjoyed playing !
i recently updated to windows 1809 version i think there 's a bug in this version of windows i noticed that my screen keeps on refreshing periodically and i tried solving this issue but i failed every time .
we already have solo and party tracker on our profiles .
the worst part of this system is that it only shows your highest badge no matter if it was achieved solo or party .
so set the profile badge to the highest and when in queue have it show the respective medal for that type of game .
profile shows divine 1 when q for party also divine 1 in the pick phase and when solo q it shows ancient 3 during pick phase .
another option could be to have the ingame medal be able to degrade but not change on the profile .
the closer to the reset the more i 've heard complaints of why is x rank in this game when they 're actually bad and people proceeding to just throw/give up or i 'm x ranks higher than you so give me x role when that role is clearly from party and they 're in strict solo q .
de spelers hebben een duidelijke opdracht wie is de mol ?
dit valt mooi samen met de 'opdracht ' van de kijker waar het programma ook ons fanatisme en onze inzet aan te danken zal hebben .
het doel van de mol is zo veel mogelijk geld uit de pot halen maar boven alles moet de mol voorkomen dat kandidaten weten dat hij de mol is .
de mol die express of gespeeld per ongeluk dingen fout laat gaan
je wilt als mol dus niet laten weten dat je de mol bent maar wel geld uit de pot halen dus brengt soms geld in het laatje om niet te verdacht te zijn en omdat je weet dat je misschien later geld uit de pot kunt halen .
aangezien steeds meer kandidaten proberen de verdenking op zich te krijgen kijk naar evi 's gedrag maar art was ook een goed voorbeeld denk ik dat de rol van de mol ook wat moet veranderen .
het is nu eigenlijk te makkelijk ja je moet eigenlijk geld uit de pot houden of halen maar kijk maar als je maar niet gesnapt wordt '' .
normaal gesproken eindigt de laatste aflevering op locatie 3 spelers met een zeer uitgebreide test 40 vragen in plaats van 20 vragen .
de laatste aflevering bij de test enkel de vraag wie is de mol ? '' .
als allebei de kandidaten het verkeerd hebben dan is de mol de winnaar en zijn er 2 verliezers .
hierbij de mol wel meer spelmogelijkheden geven om te mollen zonder dat het opvalt voor de kandidaten .
naar mijn weten is het nog nooit voorgekomen dat de mol niet geraden was maar misschien omdat dat nooit nodig was .
de uitgebreide test 40 vragen is een groots opgezette opdracht die altijd veel indruk maakt dus om die te behouden zou die ook in de een-na-laatste aflevering op locatie 4 spelers kunnen afspelen .
that 's right the thread name has two adjectives !
these threads exist to inspire all artists to make something fun .
all mediums from koalapainter ii to lithographic prints and all skill levels from absolute beginner to professional are welcome .
if you would like any critique on your work just ask !
is it tsundere godzilla or little fuzzy animals with big sharp teeth https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=idwj02q39mw ?
i 'm not sure but either way it 'll be fun !
is there a way that i can select all recent changes to a document and index them ?
i have someone who makes changes to a document but does not update the index and was wondering if i could select all the changes at once to index rather than going through them one by one
i have recently returned to sot after a long hiatus .
i started grinding the day the game came out but it seemed like it was lacking so much .
i just got back into it a week ago and ca n't stop playing it .
the devs have worked so much with the community to give us what we need and want .
the game has unfolded into an amazing pirate game that can make 4 hours seem like 10 mins .
twismile this is the thread for discussing anything pertaining to fanfiction in general .
like your ideas thoughts what you 're reading etc .
this differs from my fanfic recommendation link-swap thread as that focuses primarily on recommendations .
every week these two threads will be posted at alternate times .
scootacheer although if you like you can talk about fics you do n't necessarily recommend but found entertaining .
thanks to u/bookhorsebot many thanks to their creator u/bitzleon you can now use the aforementioned bot to easily post the name description views rating tags and a bunch of other information about a fic hosted on fimfiction.net .
all you need to do is include name of story '' in your comment without quotes and the bot will look up the story and respond to your comment with the info .
link to previous thread on january 10th 2019 https www.reddit.com/r/mylittlepony/comments/aeo7ox/general_fanfiction_discussion_thread .
i 'm looking into the pricing and package options for my company and i 've literally looked for days through all the documentation and research i could and have yet to find the information need .
the packages they offer do n't specify what version of vsphere they 're running .
do you have an option to purchase an older version ?
or is it like the windows os where you can purchase home pro etc .
now norman to would often sadly be in the same place at the time sam was angry at her and would abuse him to get his way the same thing probably happened to dylan .
not to be in defense of sam but during all these outbursts was just norma he was angry with ?
i was watching a guide to the indrik mount and heard that the current berry will be available until march but it seems like midyear mayhem is the last event for a while .
how much longer do i actually have to get it or will i still have more chances in the upcoming months ?
when i boot up i get to the apple logo and loading bar .
the loading bar fills up to random spots 50 75 100 and then the cursor appears in the top left .
i can move the cursor i can ssh into the machine i can even vnc into it which shows the loading screen too .
also i tried booting with the v flag and it never hangs it all passes and goes to the loading screen where it proceeds to get stuck .
therefore i have no direction in terms of what to debug .
3. added nvda\_drv=1 and injected nvdia drivers and set platform id to 3
6. followed this guide exactly to install web drivers https www.tonymacx86.com/threads ... er-on-high-sierra-black-screen-panics.234390 https www.tonymacx86.com/threads/fix-for-failure-nvidia-web-driver-on-high-sierra-black-screen-panics.234390 i installed version 105 .
7. rebooted and got a black screen but dvi worked i was using hdmi and so did remote desktop .
the mac at this point detected the gpu just fine but only dvi would work
it never booted again and always now gets stuck on the loading screen with the mouse
not really sure what to do at this point .
it does n't hang with v since it continues to the stuck screen with the mouse so i ca n't see any error logs or anything here .
the only thing i can think of is maybe i need to disable my igpu ?
the problem is though i do n't see a way to do that in my bios screenshots attached below .
the funny thing too is that i get stuck on the apple bootup screen but i have a cursor i can ssh i can vnc into the device which also shows the stuck bootup screen .
and if i just leave the computer in this state it will even put itself to sleep .
it 's as if the entire system is up and running but i 'm stuck on this loading screen and also hdmi and displayport do n't work .
does anyone have any ideas what i can do ?
so my girlfriend broke up with me but i was n't too pissed bc i was kind of thinking about it so i suppose we were n't really compatible but the next day she wanted to get back together and i said no then i find out today that 20 mins before she asked to get back together she asked a girl out the girl said yes .
tbh i do n't really care because i said no and i 've been talking to this girl called samantha today and she also likes royal blood and we talked about music and sports related injuries but she had to go to football so i 'm gon na hope she starts the next conversation .
i most probably have a very simple question but i just know js a little .
so i have a website where you find a dollar bill .
i want that both numbers go up when i click one of them .
i already managed to get each number up by itself when i click on them but i´m not able to tell my function hey wenn i click on number a i want number a and number b to be raised by one when i click number b i want number a and number b to be raised by one .
i guess my explanation is worse than my code but maybe somebody can figure out my gibberish
sorry for my bad explanation ... .thanks for the help in advance .
i have been playing for around a week and i 'm wondering how i should distribute my syndicate rankings .
i know if you level up one syndicate another gets angered so is there an efficient way i can rank up 4/6 ?
i 'm mr8 and sorry for asking such a bothersome question !
i am looking for fugu keycaps with colorways such as
the cycle fugu is the most wanted for me so i am willing to pay a good price for it
message me and send a link to your timestamp if you have anything to offer .
... .. laser shotgun that is n't a shotgun and has n't been for several games
... .. split beams have less spread than a shotgun and the aoe '' is worthless
... .. hot-take let 's name it 0.2 shot splitter
... .. and i have no spare because there 's no weight reduction for rifles that are shotguns that are not shotguns
inb4 but the beam intensity would be divided '' yet two independent identically sized and damaging projectiles being expelled from a single barrel from a standard round somehow makes more sense .
they were put on youtube right before astroworld dropped .
about 3 or 4 songs if anyone can help please !
i 've been wanting to buy geoff johns 's green lantern run for a long time and was just wondering what the best way to go about it is .
i have to buy them through amazon if that 's a factor that would influence the decision .
thanos t3 or doctor strange t3 or scarlet witch t3 or hulk t3 or star-lord t3 or black widow t3 or falcon t3 or vision t3 or shuri t3 ?
do tell what are your topics on top 3 in game and also tell some views on it ?
i recommend everyone to pay attention to the development of the company gowithmi and make their right choice in investing .
do not miss your wonderful chance for a good profit have time to buy tokens at the lowest price .
tom pyrion ... you boys together are just brilliant commentators .
i mean look pyrion you 've always been a good commentator but just with tom it 's such a fun dynamic that because we only get it in the poker streams means its a rare treat but a bloody good one .
honestly i can understand why you get angry pyrion at the poker players .
it 's funny but you 're also right in saying it 's a game and that you would n't want people to be yelling at you .
at the end of the day though i do n't really mind .
you make poker so much more entertaining and to be honest i myself didnt really know poker or any strategies before watching and most of what i learnt i got from pyrions tips so cheers .
after listening to a few podcasts by dr rhonda i 'm giving tre a try 8am to 6pm eating during weekdays/most days .
the first night i slept well and woke up like a champion .
since then i 've been getting to by by 8-9pm and waking up between 12am and 1am with great difficulty falling back asleep .
i 've seen many posts about general fasting and insomnia but wondered if people had good info on tre and insomnia .
otherwise i 'll have to continue to eat up to 8-9pm like i 've done most of my life as insomnia is not worth the autophagy trade-off .
i 've taken melatonin and had chamomile and valerian root tea before bed which helps falling but not staying asleep .
basically 6 mana filters for 6 instead of just 6 .
also ixalan button on the left is is n't fully visible anymore but still works .
sadly to say i think im gon na be leaving the community .
i havent been her long but it doesnt make me feel very good .
everytime i 've made a post about my love it seemed to be met with either a negative comment or oogling which makes me uncomfortable .
which really sucks because whenever other people post about their so 's everyone is very respectful to them .
im sure this community has some really cool good hearted people in it but it seems its not for me .
i wish you all happiness and joy with your so 's .
ibuki i will be riding by ourselves from now on as well as a select friend i made here .
and when zoro and sanji both step you to die for luffy sanji says he will eventually become the most dangerous on the crew .
is that foreshadowing his germa connection or just trying to convince kuma to trade luffy for him .
hi guys and girls could you be so kind and direct me to some mod or map script that generates a map containing two continents but all of the civs start on one of them ?
i tried looking on the workshop but was n't sucessfull .
if it works in multiplayer that would be even better .
i do n't like looking through phones and such but she has been acting very unusual lately which made me curious .
we used to have sex almost every single day or at least every other day but we have n't had sex in three weeks now .
we 've had sex only four times in the last two months .
however we have not actually completed an act of sex in over 3 months !
what i mean by that is even though we started to have sex on four separate occasions during the last couple months we never finished because every time she ends up becoming drier down there gentleman than the sahara desert !
she gets dry so boredom sets in and she starts laughing and telling jokes so we obviously stop trying ...
she claims to not know why this is happening but it is n't me or us but the complete lack of sex along with the fact that she is so silent at times made me curious .
when i say silent i mean she will not text/call/or talk to me for days on end unless i do first .
her behavior and lack of sex led to me looking in her phone where she visited her ex-husband 's house to see their 2 children 8 10 .
she divorced her husband roughly 7 years ago and has been married and divorced since .
but they still do n't get along so i 'm told so her ex-mother-in-law stays at the house when my girlfriend visits her kids every couple weeks .
she has passionately explained that her ex is never ever there when she is because he spends time with his current girlfriend .
before you suspect that i am insecure or whatever i never said anything about her ex .
in fact i had assured her of my trust between them if he is there all i ask to know is if he is actually there .
but she is allowed to spend her time with whomever .
looking through pictures on her phone her ex has definitely been there with her and they have taken numerous smiling selfie‘s together .
until i saw the messages between them on facebook messenger .
his current girlfriend had called to ask if my girlfriend had been sleeping with her ex husband .
my girlfriend asked him why she was asking and he said she was curious .
she asked what to tell her and he said it did n't matter .
according to the chat she told him that she told his girlfriend that they did n't have sex but she was asking him if that was the right thing to say because she was n't sure what to do .
he said it would all work out either way but telling her ‘no ' was the right answer .
based on what she was saying i am positive she had sex with him and admitted it .
i am so upset but i 'm also upset that i even looked and i 'm afraid that i do n't know how to bring any of this up .
she does not really have any friends so i ca n't exactly say that i heard this somewhere because she also does n't have family .
how in the world can i confront her about this without it all turning around on me ?
so maybe most of you wont care but i figured i dont really have anyone to talk to about this so maybe i have reddit for that d
i started watching nalcs around 2012 and was rooting for tsm from the start .
i continued watching until 2016 and in the years of 2016 2017 i had a break from league both game and esport .
and then i came back at 2018 started playing and watching again that means i witnessed and rooted for all tsm rosters except the 2016-2017 roster which by what i gather online was one of the fanbase favorites if not the most favorite .
anyways thats all just wanted to share this with you it kinda feels wierd to me not recognizing and fully knowing the most liked roster for the team i root for all these years ofc i know the players now and from before but didnt really get to watch them play together i get that it was probably super fun
ps day 1 was an absolute blast lets crash it this year !
nero will be crossing the rainbow bridge tomorrow afternoon .
i am a wreck and he is beautiful and sleepy like always .
hey guys on mobile here so sorry about formatting .
i 've had my dog for 10 years now got him when he was 2 months old from an amish breeder on the east coast i know better now but i was just a kid then .
he 's had a slew of health problems over the year 2 torn acls with full surgeries for both an incurable genetic skin disorder that caused all his fur to fall out and killed his tear glands and most recently a fatty tumor that has been growing on his foot .
our vet recommended just leaving it so we listened but it just exploded today and now he 's bleeding a fair amount .
i plan on taking him to the vet but i just wanted some opinions on if anyone thought his quality of life was compromised at this point .
the loss of tear ducts has caused him to be nearly blind in both eyes .
his surgeries have given him arthritis and he only gets up for food and for forced bathroom breaks .
if we did n't get him up to go potty then it would just skip out while he 's sleeping onto the floor .
i guess i 'm just looking for any advice or opinions on what you all would do .
i love him so much but i do n't want to hold on to him for my sake .
i have watched the season 3 finale so many times i also cried that many times but every single time the fact that the neighborhood is set in the medium place in mindys backyard passes over me and i forget .
but anyways ... derek explained that mindy found the plunger in her backyard that rebooted him just like the button in the original neighborhood for janet .
he exclaimed that she rebooted him roughly half a million times when she was bored or needed alone time .
since derek is a janet baby and janet created 321 more janet babies does that mean that if mindy gets bored or needs alone time and pulls the plunger all of the residents will be rebooted too ?
i bought it last week and the first time i got called i could talk just fine with the headphones on .
but now whenever i get called and answer i hear the caller but the caller doesnt hear me at all .
i see that i have the option enabled that i am calling with my bluetooth connected product .
hello i am a new player to eu4 how can i start ?
as per title i redeemed a few codes for some in game cosmetics that a friend gave me .
redemption was successful and microsoft store stated that the items are redeemed in my account .
but when i log in to check there are not there .
a legend of the tenor saxophone stanley turrentine was renowned for his distinctively thick rippling tone
an earthy grounding in the blues and his ability to work a groove with soul and imagination .
recorded in a wide variety of settings but was best-known for his blue note soul-jazz jams of the '60s and
also underwent a popular fusion makeover in the early '70s .
began his career playing with various blues and r b bands with a strong influence from illinois jacquet .
he played in lowell fulson 's band with ray charles from 1950-1951 and in 1953 he replaced john coltrane in
after a mid-'50s stint in the military turrentine joined max roach 's band
and subsequently met organist shirley scott whom he married in 1960 and would record with frequently .
i have n't got anything better to do https youtu.be/p1bcl6cab9c
peview next week will feature another sax player.it 'll change up in week three .
ok so i 'm in north carolina and im looking at vaporfi.com to buy stuff has anybody bought through them and if so how quickly do they ship ?
hi everyone so the last couple of weeks i 've been having very bad anxiety/anxiety attacks about the possibility of ww3 with everything that 's going on around the world .
i find my self helpless anxious to the point of vomiting etc .
i just do n't know how to stop fearing it .
not sure if this is the right place to ask but i 'm looking for an fc to talk to people while playing since i do n't have many friends that play runescape .
just general in and off-topic discussions friendly debate and just talking about the game and other stuff .
i live in northern virginia and seeing how the trades are a scam and most college degrees becoming ever more useless makes me wonder if i will ever get a comfy and good paying job that will enable me to have a good house with electricity and internet and gas and water and food and cable maybe and take vacations and support my future wife and future children .
i have taken an interest in the marijuana industry ever since it was legalized in canada back in october and michigan just a few months ago .
i am willing to relocate to canada or a weed legal state just to start a marijuana selling company and capitalize on the industry .
what exactly are the hoops and regulations i have to go through just to open a shop and sell weed ?
reading too long i did okay until the last passage i could n't finish it ugh i only jumped into the vocab questions because i was sure of the words meanings they were 4 questions i believe .
i do n't know if it was a good move of me or not
listening was fine i missed the last question though ''
speaking for q1 and q2 were long and confusing more than 4 lines !
writing integrated was fine but i could n't finish typing the last paragraph finally the author while the lecture..
the independant essay was okay do you agree or not .
.do not use memorized examples use your own words .
i typed 350 words it was simple and neat .. my goal is 90
what 's the difference between a regular tank and a elite tank ?
other then elite tanks exp can be converted into free exp for gold .
how do you get stars on your tanks barrel ?
i thought you got 1 star by doing 100 matches in said tank but i do n't have any stars on either of my 100 battles played '' tanks .
i am booking the hotel room for my friends and i this year but we are using my friend 's card .
her since it 's her credit card or me since it 's my gencon account ?
i 'm not really a die hard racing player so i do n't really care for the newest teams and racers and cars.. just want a good f1 game and nice visuals to use my logitech g29 with.. what do you suggest ?
i went shopping for furniture for my new place today .
i went out with one of my girlfriends last night and had so much fun .
i am folding clothes and packing things in the house i shared with my stbx .
and i wish i could talk to you about it .
you are a hateful you are reactive and you 're bad for me .
i hate that i miss someone who i know it would never work with .
it 's only been a few days but it hurts .
my poor therapist is getting an ear full this week .
so my brother was showing me poe on discord and i just downloaded the game .
when i try to open the shortcut i get unable to open content.ggpk . ''
i have repaired the file four times with the same thing happening .
i have the results of a likert survey given to 100 participants 70 male and 30 female who were asked 20 questions .
they answer from 1 for strongly disagree to 5 for strongly agree .
20 columns for the 20 questions and their scores 1-5 down the 100 rows .
is this how i set up the data to calculate spearmans ?
i want to see how answers from each question correlate with one another .
example question 1-5 can be grouped under personal development question 6 7 can be grouped under something else .
i want to see which group is most important to the participants .
as the title says i just started played overwatch about a month ago and even more recently started playing competitive .
i finally finished my placement matches yesterday and ended up in silver tier .
i 've tried looking at video guides for help and what not but there 's not much guidance for support mains like myself other than learn how to position yourself far away which is nice but i 'm sure i need more than that .
i 'm mostly a zenyatta main and i 'm fairly good at it but i can go moira if my team needs more heals .
any advice on how to best play support in my rank and to advance ranks would be greatly appreciated or if you just have some helpful links to other guides that 'd be great too !
i would like a few of the features from the newer marlin versions on my simple metal .
so far none of the firmwares i have found tick all the boxes
lastly is there a way to determine what firmware is currently installed on my f5 board ?
i would like to have a backup copy of a known working firmware but i understand you ca n't download it from the printrboard itself so i figure a copy of the same version from the printrbot github site is the next best thing .
with the imminent threat of climate change and the un 's warning of 12 years i think it would make a difference to make a video about how we have polluted our atmosphere .
through the human history '' perspective explain how technology has contributed to carbon pollution and greenhouse gas emitions .
and what the future looks like in apocalyptic scenarios so it ends with the existential crisis that every video transmits .
my diamine 30ml plastic bottles are too narrow to stick my pens in without getting ink all over the barrel and hands .
are there any ebay links to some good small bottles with a wide lid ?
i 've used parker quink ink and their bottles are excellent for filling .
i was watching this keynote by neil druckmann and one of his scrapped ideas for the first game was that joel gets infected and ellie has to kill him .
just a thought ... it would fuck me up .
is there any valentines day events that happened in the other servers that we do n't have yet that we could possibly get ?
i 'm asking since the valentines day is coming up
i 've been using jenkins for 2 years and recently started migrating all our apps to docker .
jenkins has worked great so far and was even fine when i added docker/docker-compose commands to the pipelines but now that i 'm trying to migrate jenkins to use docker and be a more disposable environment it 's been like using hand sanitizer when you have paper cuts all the pain you did n't know you had has come up ...
i 've looked briefly at gitlab concourse and drone and have like the look of drone so far .
this is just based on quick looks and not in-depth testing .
has anyone made the jump from jenkins to drone and have an opinion ?
i know gitlab gets a ton of love on this sub but the thing i like about drone is its plugin system looks like a good replacement to jenkins shared libraries .
our jenkins library was primarily a couple of functions that parsed my code coverage and code style error output files and then sent a notification to slack with build status and the coverage/style errors .
i assume there are ways to do this in gitlab and concourse sidecar containers im guessing ?
i 'm pretty open right now since jenkins has been driving me crazy in the last week or two .
i am new to the sub r/havewemet and what i wanted to ask was how people would feel about this kind of character .
i 'm just toying with the idea right now and i still have n't decided so if you guys could also recommend what kinda schoolgirl role i could play would be great
after working for a bit on answering the ops question at this earlier thread https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/comments/ak3g4t/how_do_i_know_what_is_me_and_what_is_my_trauma i realized that calling it up '' to the top of stack might be useful for others who are or often get stuck in the freeze response https www.reddit.com/r/responsiblerecovery/comments/9xzwhm/stuck_in_the_freeze_response_this_is_what_works .
identification https www.google.com/search ? q=identification+psych+definition oq=identification+pshcy+def aqs=chrome.1.69i57j0.7752j0j8 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 with learned helplessness the victim identity https www.reddit.com/r/responsiblerecovery/comments/9dl6ra/learned_helplessness_the_victim_identity ?
seems to me anyway to be at the core of treatment resistance .
if you feel up to going deep '' see the popular notion of victim mentality '' vs. borderline organized righteous '' discouraged '' victimhood https pairadocks.blogspot.com/2020/08/the-popular-notion-of-victim-mentality.html .
i have learned to use several metaphorical heuristics https www.google.com/search ? q=heuristic+definition oq=heu aqs=chrome.3.69i57j0l5.3882j0j8 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 including those from transactional analysis https www.google.com/search ? q=transactional+analysis+ego+states oq=transactional+analysis aqs=chrome.5.69i59j0l5.9104j0j8 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 the internal family systems model https www.google.com/search ? q=internal+family+systems+model oq=internal+fam aqs=chrome.0.69i59j0j69i57j0l3.3909j0j8 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 the karpman drama triangle https www.google.com/search ? q=karpman+drama+triangle oq=karpman+drama+triangle aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.6978j0j8 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 act https www.google.com/search ? q=acceptance+and+commitment+therapy oq=acceptance 26+commitment+therapy aqs=chrome.1.69i57j0l5.6915j0j8 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 's busload of bozos '' millon 's four types of bpd https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/comments/7lgbyg/millons_four_types_of_bpd .
erikson 's developmental stages https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/comments/8m565s/redevelopment and various self-observation systems like those developed by arthur deikman and charles t. tart to disidentify with lh tvi .
admittedly i did n't acquire them all in a single session .
but using them in combination has made it possible to leverage the basically buddhist notion of detachment https www.google.com/search ? q=buddhist+detachment oq=buddhist+detachment aqs=chrome.0.0l6.5868j0j8 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 away from identification with the ego towards increasing identification with deikan 's observing self https www.google.com/search ? q=arthur+deikman+the+observing+self oq=arthur+deikman+the+observing+self aqs=chrome..69i57j0.1428j0j8 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 '' a mental space outside the conditioning https www.psychologytoday.com/blog/fixing-psychology/201402/explaining-behaviorism-operant-classical-conditioning in struct https www.google.com/search ? q=social+construction+of+reality+sociology oq=social+construction+of+reality aqs=chrome.1.69i57j69i59j0l4.7012j0j8 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 ion socialization https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/socialization and normalization https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/normalization sociology in the brain 's default mode network https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/default_mode_network a.k.a. the ego . ''
if i use the first eight of the 10 steps of emotion processing http pairadocks.blogspot.com/2015/04/the-10-steps-of-emotion-processing.html to get to that observing self which i do now several times in a typical day as emotions come up detachment from the affects https www.google.com/search ? q=affect+psych+definition oq=affect+psych+def aqs=chrome.1.69i57j0l4.9976j0j8 sourceid=chrome ie=utf-8 of my trauma '' is instantaneous making it possible to use the last two steps to digest and discharge '' the neural energy there at the time .
see how self-awareness works to digest '' emotional pain https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/comments/a2a6tz/how_selfawareness_works_to_digest_emotional_pain .
anyone familiar with this method http pairadocks.blogspot.com/2016/07/the-10-steps-ogdens-sensorymotor.html at least part of which is in widespread use now knows that it really works .
see benefits of meditation https www.reddit.com/r/meditation/comments/ahf6qi/what_has_meditation_allowed_you_to_notice in my reply to the op on that thread meditation ego death https www.reddit.com/r/meditation/comments/a3u0o7/has_anybody_experience_ego_deathego_dissolution in my reply to the op on that thread how self-awareness works to digest '' emotional pain https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/comments/a2a6tz/how_selfawareness_works_to_digest_emotional_pain and maximizing the use of psychotherapeutic vipassana insight meditation https www.reddit.com/r/meditation/comments/ak5mzd/maximizing_the_use_of_psychotherapeutic_vipassana .
see also not-moses 's reply to the op on this other thread https www.reddit.com/r/madover30/comments/dti5q6/hi_all_how_do_you_get_over_the_paranoia_that_your .
so to preface this i know it 's going to sound mean but i 'm angry and bitter after seeing the shyvana post on the main sub i got to thinking
how does jag feel knowing he let aatrox players down after pronising to do them right ?
or how what would have been his magnum opus being considered a failure by riot and used as a benchmark for bad reworks ?
i 'm planning to buy a new batch of drives and i 'm unclear on the advantages/disadvantages of these 2 types of formats for drives .
i 've seen backblaze uses mostly 512e drives in their reliability report st8000nm0055/huh720808ale600 except recently when they started using huh721212aln604 which are 4kn and secure erase .
my question is are they mixable within the same storage array ?
would they work if they 're connected to the same controller or is it just a matter of vdev for example ?
hopper bottom grain trailer market report provides comprehensive coverage on major industry drivers restraints and their impact on market growth during the forecast period .
furthermore the study encompasses various market specific growth opportunities in hopper bottom grain trailer market .
the hopper bottom grain trailer market report focuses on global major leading industry players with information such as company profiles product picture and specification capacity production price cost revenue and contact information .
upstream raw materials equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out .
ask pdf sample of the hopper bottom grain trailer market report at https www.qyresearch.com/sample-form/form/933458/global-hopper-bottom-grain-trailer-industry-analysis-and-trends-forecast-to https www.qyresearch.com/sample-form/form/933458/global-hopper-bottom-grain-trailer-industry-analysis-and-trends-forecast-to
major key manufacturers of hopper bottom grain trailer market are doepker industries ltd. drake trailers integrity sales and service jet co. kann manufacturing corp. kbh corp. knl holdings – peerless lime city equipment lode king industries loadline manufacturing inc. manac trailers – cps maurer manufacturing menard manufacturing co. merritt equipment co. neville built trailers
hopper bottom grain trailer market includes market size segmentation data and geographical analysis of market growth trends leading companies and microeconomic information .
click to view tables charts figures toc and companies mentioned in the global hopper bottom grain trailer market report at https www.qyresearch.com/index/detail/933458/global-hopper-bottom-grain-trailer-industry-analysis-and-trends-forecast-to https www.qyresearch.com/index/detail/933458/global-hopper-bottom-grain-trailer-industry-analysis-and-trends-forecast-to
regions covered in the global hopper bottom grain trailer market
asia-pacific vietnam china malaysia japan philippines korea thailand india indonesia and australia
the report provides an in-depth analysis of the following –
detailed overview of global hopper bottom grain trailer market helps deliver clients and businesses making strategies .
it covers hopper bottom grain trailer industry outlines upstream and downstream hopper bottom grain trailer market segments cost analysis and market utilizing power market overview product scope product definition of hopper bottom grain trailer market driving forces .
to provide detailed analysis market size and drivers during 2019 to 2025 including various segments and sub-segments of the global hopper bottom grain trailer market
analysis of the key markets in each region providing an analysis of the key segments of the market that are expected to be in demand
the analysis of the competitive landscape of the global hopper bottom grain trailer market .
it provides an overview of key players together with information regarding key alliances strategic initiatives and financial analysis
to provides industrial chain sourcing strategy and downstream buyers marketing strategy analysis distributors/traders and market effect factors analysis of hopper bottom grain trailer market
the hopper bottom grain trailer market report covers volume revenue and price forecast 2019 to 2025
inquire here for discount or report customization https www.qyresearch.com/request-discount/form/933458/global-hopper-bottom-grain-trailer-industry-analysis-and-trends-forecast-to https www.qyresearch.com/request-discount/form/933458/global-hopper-bottom-grain-trailer-industry-analysis-and-trends-forecast-to
following are the years considered to forecast market size of the global hopper bottom grain trailer market
in conclusion the report makes some important proposals for a new project of hopper bottom grain trailer industry before evaluating its feasibility .
overall the report provides an in-depth insight of 2019-2025 global hopper bottom grain trailer market covering all important parameters .
qy research established in 2007 focus on custom research management consulting ipo consulting industry chain research data base and seminar services .
the company owned a large basic data base such as national bureau of statistics database customs import and export database industry association database etc expert 's resources included energy automotive chemical medical ict consumer goods etc .
i heard there 's a new best way to level up in groups that do n't involve rat runs but involve an impale dh .
i am so glad it involves different classes other than a necromancer and barb but i need to know more about this .
sorry if this is a dumb question but i wanted to clarify something .
are wild spawns and their subsequent ivs directly connected to the player level ?
for example if i 'm level 28 will a spawn with 100 iv be max level 28 ?
if i 'm above level 30 will it max be level 30 or can it be above that too ?
i 'm using latte dock both for my dock and my plasma top panel .
problem i 'm finding with the plasma panel is as you can see in the picture icons are not vertically aligned in the panel which looks a bit ugly .
it 's particularly noticeable with lock/logout widget but also with the digital clock in the center of the panel and the widget for the kde menu minimal menu .
global menu is the only widget that looks really ok in the panel .
i 've played with the planel height see if i found the right size where everything looks ok from 20px to 28px currently it 's left at 24px but it 's always the same or even more noticeable at larger heights .
i 've been doing some online search but have n't found any solution .
been playing with latte settings but there does n't seem to be any to help with that .
i tried different plasma themes and was the same .
if there is no solution i can live with it as it is right now of course .
or i can always go back to normal kde panel which did n't have this issue or at least i did n't notice it .
edit i guess i do n't really knonw how reddit works .
it 's first time i try to create a thread with an image and it did n't work out well lol
i want to register as a sole trader alongside my regular paye employment and before i do i want to make sure i understand the tax implications .
i 'm having a hard time finder answers which fit my situation so some confirmation would be great .
it 's to do some freelance work in my spare time although it is n't likely to bring in much income .
i do n't imagine i will be hitting £5000 profit per year from the freelance work but of course my combined income will be greater than this so do i pay class 2 national insurance ?
also am i right in thinking that 20 is paid to tax from the outset because my personal allowance is already used up for my main employment ?
when do i have to declare income etc if i began trading tomorrow ?
can money be claimed back on expenses such as wifi etc .
i 'm a real newbie to all things tax so i appreciate your help .
i heard there 's a new best way to level up in groups that do n't involve rat runs but involve an impale dh .
i am so glad it involves different classes other than a necromancer and barb but i need to know more about this .
looking for players who might be able to help my little brother with daily gifts .
have you spent 1000 of bucks on a digital marketing agency and got nothing out of it ?
it is a fact that your business wo n't survive without having the support of digital media marketing .
many people choose the wrong digital marketing agency https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fwww.chameleondigitalmedia.com 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcnfiiaix0rnqsrkfs86awfilw8j5kw .
they have ended up wasting a lot of money and opportunity to grow .
i just finished the final chapter all my playthroughs have been on proud mode and i have all the xehanort reports but the last video i have in the theatre is where the heart goes .
every year it 's up 5-6 and i wonder what i 'm getting for it .
i pay almost 400/month in property taxes and still have to call the city after every snowstorm since they plow me in i 'm the last house on a dead end street .
before you read what i 'd like to share with you i want to say a viewpoint about those abilities we gain while stopping masturbation .
i strongly beleive that cutting masturbation by itself does help us to become better at some points in our lives but what contributes more is that new mindset you frame while stopping masturbation .
that mindset full of desire motivations inspiration of creating a new lifestyle .
i had streaks where the only thing i was thinking about was not to masturbate to avoid masturbation .
well eventually i would relapse ... i would relapse cause i had that very lack of mindset .
at the 10th day of my streak i do see some changes
1 eye contact fuck i can confidently look in the eyes of every girl without the tiniest timidity and look until she looks away .
before i would look in and then immediately pool my sight away .
well it doesnt mean that i can get the hottest girl in the town ... perhaps not yet heheh .
3 sex drive i have fucking sworn next time i have an orgasm i am gon na have a girl beside me .
all my sex desires were getting accomplished by masturbation ... .things have changed folks !
1 more self-control goddamit i googled a sex topic yesterday cause i wanted to learn some tips for future use hahahaha .
and i got an erection ... .10 days ago i would masturbate like the worst maniac ... but yesterday i said to myself really ?
i didnt masturbate read those tips and felt fcking like a god hahahah
2 great mood i am feeling like i am the mentally cleanest person upon the surface of the earth ... i dont wake up with the thought that i fucked myself up yesterday night or even worse i started my day with masturbation ... that shit is not for me .
3 work work well this means that when i do something i am concentrated on my work only .
the truth that this has just began to be seen
that 's it bros ... comment please your improvements .
the first chunk is done second chunk is in progress and the bael chunk at the end is the same as ever .
alright now is where the part is getting interesting .
it 's only about 1,000 words longer than yesterday but i think i have a good idea how to continue the battle between satan diablo and lucifer .
one of the things we have n't seen much of in cryopod but i intended to make happen at some point is combination abilities . ''
up to now satan and uriel have demonstrated their ability to use multiple powers and elemental abilities at the same time but they 've never combined their abilities to create new ones .
by that i mean that uriel might fling some fireballs some water missiles shake the earth and likewise for satan but they 've never combined two or more abilities together to create a new effect .
in avatar the last airbender and korra something like this happens with sandbending mudbending lavabending bloodbending metalbending etc .
the idea is to combine earth and water to create mud or fire and earth to create lava .
in fact he 's a very intelligent mid-battle tactician .
i do n't want him to die to a pebble like in classic but instead to reveal new things about the character 's abilities because he intuitively and instantly recognizes the potential satan 's diverse moveset has .
so after work today when i start writing much of the remainder of the part will be about hercules exploiting satan 's powers in ways the demon emperor never thought possible either due to not connecting the dots or because he has n't had much time to think about improving his skills with the powers he already has .
i hope you guys enjoy the part today and since this is friday i will be finishing up my third week at lowe 's .
the job hurts my feet pretty bad still but it really is easy mindless work .
after this confusing battle finishes the remaining parts will be much easier and faster to write .
i 've already outlined what should happen leading up to the war in heaven .
though the war in heaven itself is going to be a fairly long multi-part arc .
not the normal type of post but i need you geniuses ...
i attend university and was sick on wednesday so i took some medicine and stayed at home i sent an email to my lecturer and he was cool with it .
thing is he can not control absences and so i was advised to go and have a word with the office staff ...
i sent an email instead they respond with and i quote ... 'in order for you absences to be authorised you will need to provide certifiable documentation which covers your absence ' .
clearly i do n't have 'certifiable documentation ' and so i call them to let them know that i obviously wo n't have documentation because i stayed at home they respond with 'without certifiable documentation you were n't ill you have to bring in some evidence to prove your illness is there anything else we can help you with ? '
few minutes later the light bulb moment i do have a bin full of snot-filled tissues which i am considering taking in but i want to seriously piss them off ...
i am looking to use notion to facilitate the scheduling of volunteers for an event .
the event is multiple days and has different volunteer roles with different length time slots .
finally we get a strange new world to explore .
the awkward humor was tuned down from s02e01 and burnham was kind of moved back a bit to give the episode more of an ensemble feel .
i mostly hated the first season but if the show continued on this path and keeps more of an episodic feel with a somewhat loose arc i could see myself eventually becoming a fan .
i liked him much better in the 2nd episode than the first .
i would like to see him stay on as the official captain of dsc .
i just do n't think every season has to have such steep odds as michael burnham has to save the universe '' .
i would n't mind a show done in this style that just explores and solves ethical quandries and has a cool captain .
i 'm burned out on the fan service already and i think tying mb to spock and sarek weakens her character and makes her character seem like an easy fan service cash-in .
i hope they back off the tos connections going forward .
frakes is a phenomenal director and if they want this show to be accepted keeping alumni in creative positions is a great step in the right direction .
i put them in milk and they sizzle at me
total budget and country of purchase preferably under 1000 though flexible .
do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor good battery life or best specifications for the money ?
pick or include any that apply. do n't need 2-in-1 form factor but am open to options .
battery life must be reasonable and i 'm looking for the best value for money .
how important is weight and thinness to you ? does n't need to be the thinnest laptop so long as it is n't too bulky or heavy .
needs to be carried around uni and very portable .
windows mac chrome os linux. windows preferably but mac is an option too
list which programs/games you desire to run. will be doing cad such as sketchup and cura for 3d printing .
possibly video editing and possibly light gaming such as minecraft or hearthstone
if you 're gaming do you have certain games you want to play ?
at what settings and fps do you want ? possibly would like to play minecraft at above 50fps and hearthstone at any reasonable frame rate .
any specific requirements such as good keyboard reliable build quality touch-screen finger-print reader optical drive or good input devices keyboard/touchpad ? just needs usbs and headphone jack
leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion. need best value for money laptop that can be used for uni and for some 3d modelling in sketchup and possibly light gaming .
both of my kids and i have xbox live so i can play with them while they are at my ex 's .
tried to do the home xbox there but no go .
so trying to do a party with both of them and i see him loved on and she can play the game but she ca n't chat with me as it shows her offline .
how is arbiter vildred meant to be built and used ?
the cr reduction on 2 targets for his 1 suggests speed to me and his s3 seems to do so little damage its laughable but when i got him i had hoped to use him as a compliment to my violet due to the blind and as the main damage in a cleave arena team .
tywin baal cleaver schuri the low damage on his s3 at 2400 attack is discouraging me .
i know that attack is low but he is only 2 star awakened and level 50 at the moment but before i take him further i want to know if he can fill the roles i 'd hope he would and how i would need to build him to make him fill those roles .
i am aware that there are better farmers and better cleavers but for these roles my options are clarissa ml vildred and celestial mercedes .
i guess this is more of an opinion question but
2 years ago i got in an accident and the other car got fixed my insurance paid for it .
im guessing his lease was up and he returned the car because i got a letter from my insurance company saying the leasing company was requesting diminished value in amount of 8,500 .
but since they had already used my max coverage to repair the vehicle they directed the leasing company to sue me if they wanted the money .
my insurance company stated in the letter it was questionable if they had a claim and if they contacted me to let them know so they can represent me .
my main questions is how likely are they to contact me i can understand trying to go through an insurance company and make a claim get the money easy but will they go through the trouble of trying to sue me ?
i know you can get them in store and on ebay and amazon .
i would prefer to order from ebay but i ca n't find the right ones .
link me or tell me what to search for or something .
1000 hours do n't suck be good at pvp add me on discord fusion 8971
i 've been an rn about 5 years now .
started in icu for 2.5 and now been in ortho 2.5 .
i initially became an rn because when i was younger i wanted to do nurse researching .
however i 've since learned i just want to do a job that makes me happy and feel fulfilled .
icu burned me out quickly especially at a county spot and ortho is boring but alright .
i 've since decided to go back and get my msn .
i live in los angeles california and make roughly 60/h which with my spouse is completely livable .
but i do plan on kids in the next 5 years so a better paying job would be nice .
i chose education so that i could stay with my current job one day a week and teach clinical twice .
but the pay is about the same to be a clinical prof and makes me feel like getting an msn is pointless .
what path did you guys take if you got your msn ?
is the pay significantly better and does it make 2.5-3 years of school make sense ?
what kind of jobs are there for msn rns in general ?
what has being an rn msn been like for you ?
any tips of jobs with msn would be nice too !
bitcoin will be worthless during the second half of the 2020s and all of the 2030s and 2040s .
bitcoin might be worth something again by about 2050 .
not as an alternate currency but as a collector 's item similar to baseball cards stamps or old toys .
there might be somebody who 's interested in collecting the stupid fads of decades earlier .
with that being said bitcoin would be selling at about .50 2 if it becomes a collectors item not 3,500 like it is now .
need to find a god father for my daughter .
i have 3 brothers and a brother in law .
i need the worst multiplayer game you can think of that we can play remotely .
if there was a my little pony death match game that would work .
extra points if it 's girly or completely terrible in an amazing way .
so my mom and sister lose their apartment and need to stay with my dad and i for a couple weeks .
i 'll skip over most of the nightmare they 've caused for us since i 'm not trying to air all my familial grievances here but one issue has just gone way too far .
one is an absolute angel that just quietly keeps to itself and enjoys being pet .
now i like this dog well enough but my sister spends all her time with him 24/7 when she 's not at work .
i 'm not sure what her old plan was but the new plan is he shits all over my goddamn house because he is n't trained to tell people when he needs to take a shit '' .
the dog actually is n't house trained at all .
we have tried to address this but the most we can get her to do is ... clean it up .
but the cat just made my personal shit list .
this obese fucker has some sort of depression or some shit and it literally just lays in it 's fucking litter box .
we had to set up another litter box because she was forcing the other cats to have to piss on the carpet .
but the true issue is what this disgusting creature does when it leaves the litter box .
it 's an extremely fluffy cat so spending all that time in the litter gives it plenty of time to get dried turds and piss clumps all stick in her fur which then get distributed throughout most of the rest of the house .
thank god she 's too lazy to come upstairs where my room is .
apparently while washing the cat from it 's most recent sandbath my sister up and forgot to remove one of the turds she washed off so right as i 'm settling into a nice relaxing bath i look to my right and get a face full of dried-but-remoistened ancient cat turd .
i am so beyond done with these fucking animals .
trying to process what is going on in young justice so i created a list of the role and how important each group is to the rest of season 3 .
the outsiders nightwing 's squad is at the front of anti-meta-human trafficking efforts by the deathstroke led shadows .
given that this is the group at the center of most of the meta-trafficking on earth they will probably receive a lot of screen time .
batman inc/robin squad merged because of close connection unknown scale of batman inc. means that this organization 's presence around the world can boost the outsiders ability to combat the shadows or become an example of vigilantism that pushes more regulations on the justice league .
main league reduced operational capacity leaves the league as useless unless an event is so blatantly public that the league 's intervention can not be question .
mainly cold opens or short clips for the rest of the season except final battle .
the team responsible for odd ball jobs that come to the jl meaning that they could be very important depending on what comes their way or filler .
off world league literally being off world means we probably wo n't see them unless a galactic level event happens .
deathstroke and the shadows if the light most powerful force on earth responsible for all smuggling operations .
no criminal influence scheme can be complete without atleast one shadow present .
as the foil to the outsiders the new shadows will be the primary villain from the light on earth
savage with possession of the war world essentially the ambassador of the light to the rest of the galaxy .
any galactic level event will probably be paired with savage .
edit forgot to add the only human that could summon the might of darkseid as the ambassador for the light .
luthor weakest physically member of the light also happens to be the one single handedly reducing the influence of the jl .
mainly cold opens that show the un in the future .
queen bee the only ruler of a country in the light her country will house the most sensitive parts of the lights operations including stealthier boom tubes weapons and other meta activities .
whether or not she plays a prominent role is whether or not light activity is centered in bialya or elsewhere .
whether this is season 4 material or season 3 is anyone 's guess .
the ultra humanite replacing the brain as the light 's chief scientist he 'll probably activate the meta-powers of future heroes and villains .
mars a planet with a very high population growth rate rigid social system and where every person is essentially armed is asking for a civil war .
with at least one martian attempting to raise support for a revolution its not difficult to see this place becoming a battleground between galactic forces .
the reach in conflict with the guardians of the universe its not difficult to think that they could turn their attention to either apokolips .
ra 's organization he was dethroned from the shadows but sent information to them regarding the outsiders meaning he could swing towards the league or the light depending on how he feels .
his main problem is that he has less assets than the other groups on this thread .
so his next move might collecting assets to project more influence maybe even form his own team .
looking at this i think the second half is leaning towards outsiders vs. the shadows with everything else being secondary .
it 's crazy to have it all be sober the meeting the intense chemistry the getting to know the person the places where you have to reveal and be vulnerable ... it 's all sober it 's all real me even if that sometimes has all the grace of a blindfolded elephant serving tea .
it 's incredibly rich in a way i had n't known to look forward to .
a gentle girl who is in love with his father and finds himself transported to a fish .
the story follows the second season of korea and the others threatens to investigate the competition that will come true .
the emperor of the intelligent discovers the sexual school like he is more than just as magical beasts .
the story is about a little bit of the past and he saw a bit of a strange monster though and a sex train for the lovely land of the media and former character a girl who has a long time ago .
suddenly marie is preparing for her family and she is the only one who also have all charm and only one travelling more than he can explode with the world of the tribes .
when they are transported into the galaxy to transform into a mysterious project which was brought to the man with his business but will they are many in the time and a secret to defeat the incident and is very transformed into a completely demon she has been connected with a restaurant .
but santa and mamoru goes to the supernatural soldier but the school is not alone in the library boy who is the basis the team has been having one of the pain but even though she is the skies and the mansion of a new friends and the actions of the name of the later years of aliens that investigate the art of control and married as a special car accident .
however the girls are the next day shuichi is really a computer version of the world and save the horizon kanako .
a guy his plan is not afraid to be a magical company and the ship is revealed to her .
the two begin their own job as the princess of the concept of the town of the crime adaptation .
i 've only played the campaign game to kinda give me a feel of the game .
and i 've mostly just played local multi-player with my brother .
is there a way for me to join a game with strangers ?
you were on your way to a house party invited by your friend .
the drive was long through the city then town and finally countryside but soon you arrived at a large rural house .
as you stepped out of the car the music was blasting from inside .
people from all over were inside welcoming you as each would compliment you on virtually every part of your body .
there were n't many guys at the party either entirely absent aside from one or two .
the night was filled with booze partying vomiting all the fun stuff .
after a quick bathroom break you noticed all these kinds of strange white worm things crawling around near the back room .
too drunk to care you carried on back out front .
after downing your 9th beer for the night you passed out promptly .
what you did n't know is that the party was actually a coven of witches each meeting every night to swap bodies .
each night had more options and you were in for quite the surprise when you awoke .
but what was the last thing you could remember ?
she and i have a great connection physically and mentally .
we made out on the couch like a couple of teenagers .
but i have been single for the past 8 years because it has been hard for me to open up and be vulnerable to a woman .
because of the emotional abuse of my last relationship .
we have been chatting for a couple of weeks .
i guess my question is how do i say as a male .
i was emotionally physically abused in my last relationship .
i 've been using 81 talbot for 300 games and he 's been putting up really good numbers consistently .
ever since they released the beta tuner and the new tuner he 's been absolute trash every game .
i 've tried 83 murray 87 parent 87 smith seen a lot of ppl use them now but no luck .
i 've recently decided that i 'm going to get into networking and network attached storage .
i 've acquired a large amount of cat6a cable and decided that i 'm going to start making my my own patch cables .
after doing research online i 've come across that there are two wire layout for an rj-45 connector t568a and t568b .
all the information i 've read online seems to be conflicting as to which one you should use .
was hoping you guys could shed a little light on the topic .
both of my cats seem like they could benefit from wet food one of them is overweight and the other could use more water and seems to get sick after most fry foods .
for the overweight one he 's a maine coon mix that 's 22 pounds what would be a good feeding schedule ?
should i give him some dry and some wet of just stick to wet and a strict feeding schedule/amount ?
the problem with dry food is that he does n't eat it all at once and it 's hard to tell which cat is eating out of which bowl so i never know exactly how much he has eaten .
the other cat is very very picky about food and generally does n't enjoy wet food at least the kinds you can get at target .
she 's less picky about dry food but she 's the one that vomits more .
should i ditch dry food completely or do some of both ?
save big on hotel room rates for south point hotel casino and spa las vegas .
book online now at south point hotel casino and spa https www.reservations.com/hotel/south-point-hotel-casino-and-spa .
this could be a great pick up for us in the third round or so .
this kid has a lot of potential to be something good with the right coaching .
he has a great arm mobile and great touch .
he was projected to be a top 5 pick before the college season started
there was this amv on youtube for a while and they used the song with clips from the movie .
this was how i found out about the movie and i have watched it 4 times since .
i think that this song expresses the feelings in the movies and the beat drops really hit hard .
my favorite aspect of the movie is definitely shoya 's friendship with yuzuru .
it 's so great seeing them get along my favorite scene is where yuzuru asks shoya to walk her to her grandmothers funeral .
the soundtrack of the movie is amazing and i have it on repeat from spotify .
but i also wish the movie had more closure to the relationship of shoya and shoko it feels like shoya reached his goal of making shoko happy and stuff but i feel like it leaves their ending together kind of open .
overall awesome movie read the manga gon na watch it in theaters subbed not dubbed ! !
edit they reuploaded the amv with 8d audio this time ! !
does it take a long time to unlock the titans and whatnot ?
i 'm wondering if the ultimate edition is worth the extra cost if otherwise it 'd take forever to unlock stuff .
when it gets below about 15-20° f until the cabin temperature warms up the windshield wipers will go on low or high and can not be turned off .
pressing the auto/sensor wiper button at the end of the wiper stalk might or might not illuminate the light for a half second during which time the wipers stop since it is not raining then it goes out and the wipers go on again .
holding the wiper stalk down is moderately more successful but even holding it while driving wo n't keep them from coming on .
we have a few cold days coming up so i am thinking about just taking the fuse for the wipers out but obviously this is not an ideal solution .
told mechanic about it previously but he did n't see any codes on it .
i do n't want this to be a 500 fix may just wait until summer and trade her in .
say whatever is on your mind and discuss random stuff with other people .
i 'm new to the game and this is actually my first game so i could be doing something wrong but i 'm pretty sure this is a bug .
the quest told me to build the winter shelter improvement in my starting city and i did but the quest has n't advanced .
i was n't planning on trying to win by doing the quests but i still wished to do them .
whenever someone brings up nav in the conversation all i hear is hate .
everyone seems to hate nav for his persona and his bland music .
however i think nav is a very talented artist .
his song champion is quite catchy and uses many music motifs making it different and unique .
nav has a unique sound that should be cherished and celebrated .
for runaway mvp front runner giannis it goes up to 8
imagecraft 's superior design and customer service experience earned the business the 2018 marketing vendor of the year award from lennar homes .
there 's been a glut of low-effort content including tons of mfw something about dd '' with a reaction image skilled gambler known cheat '' and similar posts so this is just a reminder to please review our rules https www.reddit.com/r/darkestdungeon/about/rules as well as the sidebar before posting .
generally any sort of meme with anything dd-related in it is allowed it 's just when the meme has nothing dd-related and a title like mfw the shambler kills me '' that it veers into low-effort spam posting .
quirk posts are an exception because they 're spammed so much that literally nothing else would show up on the front page if they were n't banned and because it 's almost always kleptomania or skilled gambler known cheat and the reposting is getting a bit ridiculous seriously i 've removed those two posts around 30 times in the past week and that 's just me a single mod .
we 've also had a lot of bots spamming game is x off '' we 've been banning them as rapidly as possible but there are tons of them .
even the darkest dungeon is x off '' ones are almost always spambots that often link to suspicious sites please report these immediately so we can ban them .
it 's 100 allowed to post when dd is on sale and even encouraged but we do n't allow bots to spam this subreddit whether it 's dd-related or not .
as a reminder please report inappropriate posts it makes it much easier for us to spot them and if multiple users report them they 're auto-removed until approved by a mod .
looking to get the version 3 of the canon 1.4x teleconverter .
do n't mind paint loss or cosmetic damage as long as optics are good and it 's working fine .
first time we 've played smash up 1v1 and first time playing it at all since 2015 .
assuming she would randomly choose a deck with no synergy i chose sheep grannies to keep things fair .
she beat me 15 to 8 after denying 4 vp through card abilities .
in my defense it was my first time with sheep and grannies and i 'd never seen either in play .
turns out they 'd both be good support factions but i could n't figure out how to make either take the lead .
plus i fought a little too hard for a couple bases when i should have let her have them .
anyone else struggled hard against insanely synergistic random drafts ?
next time i wo n't pick a poor synergy !
so people do n't have to keep asking for them or making new ones
regarding the feedback of the upcoming akali nerfs i see many people akali mains and even those that despise akali saying we 're fine with the shroud/obscured nerf but why the healing nerf on q ? ''
i do n't think people understand one of the main things that makes akali obnoxious and frustrating to play against is that she 's an assassin with sustain not just her shroud mechanic .
assassins are champions that burst you down in a rotation of abilities .
they should n't be out-sustaining laning opponents through a built in healing mechanic .
this is doubled by the fact that akali is n't mana based and has even more sustain from being an energy based champion .
the only assassins or the majority of assassins that have sustain potential are junglers that need sustain for the jungle which include nidalee rengar yi kayn etc .
and that makes sense but sustain lane assassins are obnoxious and frustrating to play against .
what i think they should do and will do is give her more damage on her q and e but the healing part of akali 's q definitely does n't need to remain .
i 've only played against an akali probably 4 times since her rework .
hello all just checking in to provide some facts in this fud-ridden mess .
some nodes and block explorers are out of sync with the network but you can check coz-mon http monitor.cityofzion.io to see the current block height .
secondly fork is certainly not the right word to describe what happened .
we 've talked about this particular issue before and have taken to calling them 'block sporks . '
this is because unlike a blockchain fork where one side of the network continues consensus on one chain and the other side continues consensus on another the 'sporked ' block/chain is dead on arrival .
it happens when a consensus node acting as speaker broadcasts a block and receives signatures from the other consensus nodes .
since it now knows the block it proposed is valid/agreed it then updates its own state with the new block height but for whatever reason disconnect etc does not propagate the block to the other nodes .
the other nodes seeing that the original speaker is not propagating a block start a new round of consensus for the same block height .
the end result is one node that thinks its block is at height x but the other nodes all agree that their block is the real height x .
like a fork two blocks at the same height exist .
unlike a fork only one side of the chain continues .
if that single node reconnects in time to let rpc nodes/block explorers grab the next block from it they 'll end up stuck since the next block will never follow from that one .
that 's why you start seeing issues like explorers going out of sync or transactions not being relayed from light wallets like neon or o3 which rely on those rpc nodes .
some of you may remember that this first happened last august https neonewstoday.com/general/neo-dos-vulnerability-patch-and-fork-incident-details .
the issue is that neo 's dbft is n't using all three stages of consensus it was n't 'locking ' states until all nodes were in 100 guaranteed agreement .
shargon coz/red4sec was the first to note this discrepency and started work https github.com/neo-project/neo/pull/320 to add this third phase of consensus to neo 's dbft .
unfortunately work had already started to refactor neo to use the akka model https github.com/neo-project/neo/pull/288 .
ordinarily shargon 's changes would have been merged and we would n't have this annoying little issue anymore but because of the refactor the fix needed to be redone too .
shargon restarted work on the akka version https github.com/neo-project/neo/pull/422 of the third consensus phase which was then incorporated into neoresearch 's optimized dbft update https github.com/neo-project/neo/pull/426 .
as this is quite a big patch i believe some of the changes are being moved to smaller commits .
either way in testing consensus is now working properly and we can expect to see this permanent fix happen in the near future .
for now it 's just a bit annoying because some rpc node runners will need to re-sync myself included 😅 and block explorers will need to correct their databases .
using light wallets/explorers might be a bit iffy until nodes get resynced .
a permanent fix to this issue is ready to roll out .
not sure which specific bomber/bombers it is but my bombs will resupply not the guns .
it 's a right pain in the arse ... am i supposed to just ditch the thing ?
quiero mostrarte el sitio web que he construido en los últimos meses es un punto de intercambio donde los jugadores buscan juegos para intercambiar con tus juegos de steam esto puede dar una segunda vida a casi todos nuestros juegos de steam pudiendo intercambiar juegos que ya estamos aburridos por otros que algún usuario quiere jugar y está dispuesto a ofrecer otro juego de las mismas características a cambio .
espero que a todos os guste esta idea y la apoyéis he creado un servidor de discord para recibir comentarios y posibles errores que aparezcan .
actualmente está en beta por lo que es posible que algunos errores aparezcan si encuentras uno ve a discord y repórtalos .
my income is not taxed by germany but a portion of my income is taken out and goes to brussels i work for an eu institution .
i think paying american taxes on my income here is ridiculous .
so what happens if i not only do n't pay but if i do n't file my taxes at all ?
i 've read a few times online that it can result in fines . ''
what are the chances that they 'll find out ?
just fyi i 've been living outside the us now for 5 years .
i was n't making more than 10k a year before this past year .
i started a second job at the start of january cause i 'm sick of having debt my partner is back in college and a close friend is getting married in mexico in october and i would n't miss it .
now i have two jobs that require standing on my feet and lifting/bending/etc .
i leave for job at fast food chain at 530 in the morning to start at 6 then finish at 130 and catch the bus to the salon i work at as a hairstylist my career to start at 230 and i stay until my last client or whenever i 'm done doing mani/pedi training trying to expand my skills .
i am exhausted but i am slowly becoming so proud of myself for working through it .
i hurt i feel like i can fall asleep on my feet my hips want to spasm here and there my worst spots but i 'm doing it and i 'm so proud of myself .
i want to be a provider and i want to move and this is giving me that confidence boost .
i 'll be the first to admit that my fibro is n't as bad as some .
i am mostly mobile and i am capable of working and i have medications that work for me to an extent nothing is perfect .
so i do n't want my work habits to be a criticism of anyone else 's because that is n't what this is .
i am just proud of myself and want to share .
i decided to make this post in response to the discussions that were had last night about harris ' town hall .
most notably users both here and in nl were upset by a few things she said and supported in the town hall support for a green new deal fair trade and protectionism support and supporting medicare for all .
as most people reading this know these arent exactly popular policies around here .
cost inefficiency and being inferior to other policies are why we dont tend to like them .
however i 'm here to talk about why that doesnt matter and it is because of one thing in particular the us senate .
the senate as it is currently established heavily disfavors democrats .
because of this democrats winning control of a majority is very difficult in this day and age .
more importantly however is the legislative filibuster where senators can block bills from passing the senate unless they can get 60 votes to end cloture .
this means that the opposition can stop most bills from passing through the senate .
as democrats will not be able to gain 60 or more senators any time soon any bill that can not get past this 60 vote is dead in the water .
but what if the dems hit 50 senators and end the filibuster ?
like i said dems are disadvantaged in the senate and if they kill the filibuster as soon as the gop gains the senate back which they are easily able to they will have free reign and the dems wo n't be able to stop them .
this leaves the dems without any ability to pass more liberal bills as they will die in the senate even if they control it .
now let 's relate this back to the primarys .
every non meme candidate in this primary is going to be endorsing things like the green new deal and medicare for all .
no version of these bills similar to the aoc or bernie plans will be able to pass .
hell the public option or any climate change bill will be difficult to pass .
this means that any dem who wins is going to have power to do executive orders foreign policy and nominate judges .
these are the things that you will be voting on in this primary .
it 's safe to assume that if the dems take the senate and the white house they will nominate liberal judges and this will not differ between candidates .
executive orders will depend on the candidate with some likely to be more prone to use them than others as well as some may use more powerful ones .
foreign policy is tough to say because anybody but warren and bernie have pretty unknown foreign policy right now and these two arent exactly good in that regard .
this leads me to the main point of this post the main part of voting in the primary is going to be picking who does best in the general election not in policy .
i hate it just as much as you guys but good policy wont win us the election and the bad policy pushed by these candidates likely wont pass anyway .
in the end harris beto warren booker klobuchar and biden wont differ that much from each other in the white house so supporting one over the other in terms of policy matters little .
support the candidate who has the best chance of winning .
is there a reason why we ca n't get it and pc can ?
1500hrs on the game looking for ways to improve and climb ranks .
i 'm looking forward on learning new things and making new friends by playing the game i am most passionate about
had a 6 month break before that supreme+faceit lvl 7 .
i dont know how to use ps to do this but i think the title is self explanatory .
indonesia has been playing with the question of the territorial rights of the former dutch colony known as netherlands new guinea '' for a decade .
we have resorted to the table and diplomatic meetings to resolve this dispute but so far nothing has come of it .
we have concluded that the only practical solution to this is a military solution which will get us favorable terms in the table but if it comes to a heated conflict between us and the dutch we will not back down .
the netherlands continues to be supported by their fellow imperialists the americans the british and the french .
we request further military aid https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_new_guinea_dispute indonesian-soviet_rapprochement and support from the soviet union to help us in our quest to liberate west irian from the dutch imperialists .
have n't had the chance to do a poem in a little while so i decided to write one after seeing this prompt .
i thought it was a very powerful concept when i first saw it and i 'm reasonably happy with the result .
as ever with poetry there 's a million and one things i could improve on but the concept is there and i think it 's solid .
rather than spend the massive to refill it i 'd like to make my own .
is anyone aware of any good resources for this ?
i tried it once with pg and vg and it was a bust .
there was a computer in a woodshop classroom at my high school with various animations of brightly colored heads showing up somewhere on the screen then something causing them to splatter like a paintball soon after a screen of text displayed something i was too far away to read it then a different animation played .
the year i saw it must have been either 2004 or 2005 but the computer was older than that at the time one of those all-in-one mac models .
i 'm fairly sure but not positive that it was n't an after dark module .
https i.imgur.com/jxdpej4.png please post any unjerk questions and discussions in this thread !
a fresh thread is posted every 2 days but older posts can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/gamingcirclejerk/search ? q=unjerk+thread sort=new restrict_sr=on !
any unjerk threads outside of this thread will be removed .
live chat join our discord server for multiple chat rooms !
i work remotely with a virtual organization and my workstation consists of a laptop two external monitors a mechanical keyboard and a trackball because i need all the access points .
this means that real-life interactions are made more difficult by lack of practice .
i 'm a bipolar buddhist who vapes cannabis all day while rallying grassroots action on civil rights issues .
my favorite movies are aliens and big trouble in little china .
i can be a voracious reader when i put my mind to it—ghost stories space opera fantasy cyberpunk never nonfiction .
i do the pomodoro technique on the hour/half hour 25 minutes of work followed by a 5 minute break .
during those 5 minute breaks i like to check in with my online compatriots and see how their day is going .
after you complete the roku streaming device setup procedures you can start installing the philo.com/roku https www.go-roku.com/activate-philo-tv-on-roku-philo-com-roku channel on the roku device .
make sure the roku device has a consistent wireless network connection and obtain the best optimal signal strength from the wi-fi router .
in addition you can also launch the roku mobile app on your smartphone to obtain more information on channel streams and about the great collection of roku channels .
place your document on the 123.hp.com https 123-hp.us/envy7640 envy7640 scanner and click scan from the hp smart app .
click on settings and select the input source for the scan .
if you want to adjust the image then click preview .
after making the adjustments as per your need click scan to scan the image to your apple device .
if you want to print your scanned document click print/share on the app's home screen .
then follow the on-screen instructions to get your scanned image printed .
it 's always been stored uncompressed in the cotton sack in a smoke-free household .
asking for 300 shipped can also meet up in seattle wa for local pickup .
i use redfin because i like their user interface where other sites fail and one of the things i used most was the virtual tour external link '' link they used to have in the listing details section that would take you to a separate gallery even though usually it would be to the same images as their default just bigger .
the last few months i have not seen it ?
it was a great feature since it showed the slideshow but with bigger higher res clear pictures .
no doubt we 've all heard it after being told they can only afford to pay us half or less of our rate .
why would i care about your extra work if you 're cheap ? !
like i 'm just dying to do even more work for crumbs ? ... .i just do n't understand the logic .
i do n't know if this is the right place to post but here goes i absolutely love fiddler on the roof .
the middle child is named chava in all the scripts but in tevye 's song about her he calls her chaveleh .
i feel like every time i play and i feel like i 'm doing poorly i still give so much gold upon death while still getting so little when i make what i think is a big kill '' .
many times i 've found myself with nothing but boots and one component for treads/tranqs finally managing to kill the enemy carry with phase boots and 2 wraith bands and only getting 150-200 gold but then dying to the enemy support and giving 350-400 .
even when the enemy support is doing better than me i still feel like i give a lot of gold to them .
it was also a different studio than the first two had .
game definetly had interesting parts but failed on so many levels unfortunately .
i loved the first 2 games and i never got bored .
i got bored so many times in this one excessive loading times while teleporting unlike the other games no gun fights the entire game almost so many skills to use on nobody .
such bad story writing there 's a huge gap between narrative and its barely anything just another religious villain nothing new being told or no risk involved hence a very boring game .
and dont get me started on the endless glitchy tutorial messages .
also unrealistic scenes for example where she is attacked in the back by a jaguar yet stands up the day after like nothing happened idk that bothered me .
i liked the new stealth system but barely anybody to use it on the only extra stuff to do is more tombs yay personally i liked the tombs in the first 2 alot more especially since most were optional and when extra stuff was added it was more co-op or multiplayer .
this game extra stuff was just lazy to the bone and the extra costumes are just recolors .
i would love it if there would be more games but not from this studio it felt like such a character change for lara and not many years have passed i want a proper ending .
edit i couldve written this better but to clarify shadow is a decent game with fun parts in it but comes nowhere near the quality of the first 2 .
that and barely being able to fight enemies i cant be the only one disappointed in that lol .
i really wish the developers will think about what made the first 2 games great if they 're gon na make the forth game .
i have 3 alt accounts that i will permanently sub to you with !
1 watch at least 1 min of my video leave a like !
4 comment your channel below for your 3 permanent subs ! !
you see a lot of anecdotes and figures showing a drastic improvement in infrastructure and such in this timeframe but it might just be a coincidence .
can anyone share some insight as to the tax liability on these benefits ?
company claims the vehicle has a taxable benefit of 13,000 .
personal use is not guaranteed but not outright discouraged .
all maintenance insurance and fuel is paid by me .
and kilométrage is paid out at 0.55/km if i do n't choose either of the above option .
i 'm not sure what the implications are of each option .
i did some cursory google searching but the goc results i found are above my head .
specifically my preference is to use the vehicle allowance and drive a low cost of operation vehicle .
but does this represent a significant problem from a tax liability perspective ?
if my allowance is significantly more than my cost of ownership/operation will there be an issue with offsetting the tax liability from the allowance ?
maur agritech food processing is the indian based trading amp manufacturing company.maur agritech focus is to foster growth and promote enduring business ties with its client .
so i need help my one year old chow doesnt listen to me at all he rarely does he doesnt even look enthusiastic when i appear to him unless ive been gone for a long time we have a caretaker that bathes him and feeds him because i am so busy with school that i cant take care of him and sometimes i feel like he sees our caretaker as his owner and not me yea he rarely listens to everybody but i just feel like he listen to our caretaker more what should i do to let him see me as his master again ?
when a service provider keeps on giving their clients the best that service provider automatically gets a good name in the industry .
such an seo melbourne https www.seomelbournegeeks.com.au company can charge you a bit extra for their quality services as they can guarantee long-term results .
upgarde from old ssd to a new ssd not from hdd
i have an old ssd i bought in 2012 ocz vertex 4 .
i use it for my system and programms i store games on a hdd .
do you think i should upgrade for a new one ?
these new drives look good on paper but i dont know if i will get any real-world benefits over my old ssd .
let us assume for a second that the epic games store has better features than steam .
or would they stay on steam because its just more convenient for them to buy it on steam .
since steam is the biggest store out there they have an advantage on convenience that no other store has a chance of getting .
sure there will be some people like me who dont care and always go to the store that has the best deals and features but there are loads of people who will just stick to steam .
thats why imo no store can compete with steam without having exclusives .
here you can get the 5 points when you are re-thinking about the cloud migration .
go through with it and get more information about it .
if anyone wishes to use these or one of these stories for a youtube video or something please send me a message or whisper or whatever they 're called on here .
i have purposely written them in a way that might be easy to narrate .
this is just an account of my true experiences .
first of all i 'll start by saying that generally i 'm pretty skeptical of the paranormal and hauntings .
i do believe demons can possess and cause havoc but when it comes to ghosts and spirits that 's a different story .
be that as it may these are the things that have happened to me that might be called paranormal '' there 's two different instances .
the first is during my time a night time security guard and the second is a series of dreams .
unfortunately there is no big scary monster at the end or anything like that .
when i was working as a security guard i would often be the overnight guard .
probably because i was a young guy and could easily handle the sudden shifts in day or night .
being the overnight guard meant to patrol the property which included 7 buildings in total .
one of which was an old manor like house that once belonged to a prominent family in our city .
this house was spooky enough as it is but every once in a while during patrol the lamp in the front window would be on and i would have to enter the house to turn it off .
i always just wrote it off as the docents leaving it one after a tour .
but even during the day that house always had an unsettling feeling .
other times the alarm on the house would be tripped and i would have to go and investigate .
every time this happened i would n't find anything inside and all the entryways were closed and locked .
a faulty sensor or a gust of wind hitting the windows just enough to move the sensor .
the main gallery was where i was stationed when i was n't on patrol .
the building had a main lobby where guests came in and paid their tickets a gift shop and the gallery itself .
the gallery was a descending spiral that went down below the lobby and had multiple levels .
i would sit in the lobby and use the big television they had to play a loop of upcoming events and gallery previews to watch batman beyond or dexter in between patrols .
in hindsight it was probably a bad decision to watch dexter because there was a big open window to the street outside and not everything in that show is exactly savory for work .
one day as i reentered the lobby from a patrol the show which had been on pause was already playing .
i immediately checked the doors to make sure they were indeed locked .
the only one that was n't was the one i had just unlocked to let myself in .
however i heard a noise coming from the main gallery .
and this is the only door to the gallery .
i looked over the rail and saw a dull but steady light glowing from one of the corridors at the bottom .
now the particular exhibit that was being featured in the gallery at the time was a rock and roll exhibit .
there were pictures of rock stars in front of huge crowds and in the studio some big blown up versions of album covers and there were a few tvs that played music videos on loop to show off the artistic nature of music videos .
as i made my way down the ramp i could begin to hear that the light was coming from one of those tvs and the video was playing .
so as i reached the bottom i shut off the tv and found myself in the pitch darkness of the gallery .
the air was cold and i had that uneasy feeling that i get in the other building .
i quickly ascended the ramp and out of the gallery .
as i exited the gallery and was locking it back up from the front door of the lobby came a loud noise as if someone had slammed the door .
but that was n't exactly possible because the doors have those pressurized arms to prevent slamming or any kind of fast closing in general .
when i looked over to it there was no one there and i would have seen them because as i mentioned there was a big open window i would 've been able to see them easily .
i shook it off and decided to just go back to my show .
i rewound the bit that had been playing on patrol and continued to watch .
a while later as i was getting up to patrol again there suddenly came a loud crash from the gift shop .
i took my flashlight and shined it through the security gate to look inside .
there was n't anything i could see but there came another crash as if an entire shelf of merchandise was knocked over .
after that i decided i was gon na sit in the guard room the rest of the night .
the next day i talked to my boss and went to apologize for the mess in the gift shop and that i would 've cleaned it up if i had the code to the security gate only the guy that ran the shop had the code he trusted no one else .
my boss just looked at me confused and said nothing was knocked over or out of place .
the other incident is a series of dreams i had in the week leading up to the birth of my daughter .
i 'm not sure what these dreams were but they scared the crap out of me .
they all started the same way my wife and hanging out in our bedroom and suddenly my wife says she has to go to the bathroom .
so she leaves and about a minute later she calls for me and i get up to go see .
our bathroom was directly across from our bedroom so from the door frame i could see her in the bathroom looking absolutely horrified in my direction .
i ask her what 's wrong and she only points to the hallway .
i walk outside the door and suddenly the air feels extremely dense and enclosing .
the darkness that is in the hallway is definitely much darker than normal .
i have no idea what it is but i can absolutely feel a dark malign presence all around me .
i try to call to my wife but there is no sound in the dense air .
after that i wake up in a small panic look around the room and realize it was a dream .
the day before my daughter was born the dream started off the same as before .
but this time during the minute between my wife leaving and her calling me i looked up and saw a lion staring over me from our vent system .
it looked me in the eye and continued to crawl through the vent .
i was a bit confused at first but then the dream continued as normal my wife calling me and i walk out of the room and into the dense air .
it took nearly 12 hours of labor and was well in the evening when she finally came .
that night in the hospital however i had another dream .
this time we were all in the living room my wife my daughter my parents and myself .
we were all there and suddenly i felt that dense air again emanating from the hallway .
i looked at it and it was pitch black .
it took a moment but i suddenly felt the presence tackle me to the ground with extreme force .
everyone around me just stared at me in disbelief as this shadow figure sat on top of me chocking me .
i felt a small feeling of rage and woke up .
however upon waking i found that i could n't move or breathe very well and it took only a couple second before it relented and i shot up gasping .
i told my wife about them and she thinks maybe something was trying to get to me .
we are a religious family so when i explained the one dream with the lion she think maybe it was god trying to protect me .
like i said i 'm a skeptic when it comes to paranormal things so i 'm not sure what to make of them .
let me know what you think they were or if they can be explained away .
my wife is now 8 months pregnant with our second daughter and i 'm seriously hoping those dreams do n't come back .
i just seen a divine seven ... like what .
looking for a well hung furry to pound my elf pussy lol .
i love to be spanked have my hair pulled and fucked roughly .
i love taking it up my ass as well i 'm kinda a slut lol .
she has been going to meetings nearly daily and na conventions here and there spending time with na people chairing meetings driving people to and from meetings .
she also works 3rd shift by choice and we have a 3 and 10 year old .
she is hardly around and does n't have much time to spend with the kids .
over the summer she spent every other weekend working and then the other weekends going to music shows out of town .
she seems more emotionally attached and open to her na folks guys and girls than me .
i ca n't get her to commit to skipping 2 meetings per week reliably on between mon tues and thurs .
our daughter has ferocious adhd and has trouble getting her homework done .
they deserve way more one on one time and i feel so bad for my daughter because the 3 year old ends up getting more attention .
meanwhile i have to keep nagging on her to remember to pay her share of daycare or make her car payment which keeps drafting out of our joint checking for the lights and mortgage .
she spent so much money over summer on shows snacks at gas stations cigs and vape stuff that she kept coming short contributribing to joint bills .
she was away at rehab for 4 months last year and my daughter tells me that it still feels like she 's there .
and lastly i have a terrible sciatic pain which i ca n't seem to heal from because i can never get a break .
i understand that she has got to take care of her that if she gets back on drugs she is no good to anyone and likely to end up dying .
but i feel like it 's also escapism get on easierr 3rd shift i 've done the math the extra pay is consumed by cigarettes and daily gas station mountain dews hang out with meeting folk for an hour before and after meetings smoking and chatting goikg to na events ... do n't have to be at home and deal with the kids .
they do n't want to play with me/i 'm not good at playing with our daughter '' .
.shes absolutely ruled out marriage counciling until some vague point in the future when she is ready .
i 've wanted counciling since before we got married got married 4 years ago when our daughter was 6 .
i do n't even know if i even want marriage counciling anymore .
there has n't been anything positive or anything that makes me happy in this marriage in the last 3 years .
sometimes i fantasize about being a single dad who actually gets a couple weekends a month to myself .
and then maybe i could catch my breath and really carry the weight of two parents better than i am .
i make it to al-anon maybe 2-3 times a month i 'd go 2x per week if not for her schedule am part of an al-anon text group and have a network of co-workers who are basically like an unofficial al-anon group .
am i the only one that feels like dice should make a report system in battlefield v kinda like overwatchs or cs go 's ?
i know reporting can be done through origin but its more convinient in-game and i think more people would actually report the cheaters hence the easier accessibility
sry for my bad english rarely post or comments anything
anyone have suggestions for what they think are the best all season tires for my accord under400 ?
honestly it 's beyond obvious that they are aware of bugger all .
bobby pin weight back to were it was before the patch in mid january nerfs that make no sense qol changes that are being asked for since god knows how long .
the game is getting more tedious with every single patch and that 's before we add in the bugs that accompany those patches .
take a look at all the goodwill you 're all burning down and make the right decision .
so now that the durrr burger has re-opened to retail row i noticed a slot in the sign where the durrr burger itself sits .
epic if the durrr burger is to return ontop of the new sign can you please leave the permanent spray left by drift ? ? ?
or at least a faint outline as though the spray paint ca n't be completely removed ?
submit your short comedy movie to be shown at our 3-minute movie night on february 17th in huntington beach .
it 's free and a great chance to have your work seen by real people .
these days everyone makes videos and shares them online .
a few receive hundreds of likes comments and shares from friends strangers and celebrities .
most just sit there even though you labored for hours on them never to be seen by anyone besides your mom roommate or cat .
basically anyone who wants can submit a short movie they made that is up to 3 minutes in length including titles and credits .
we 'll pick the best ones and feature them at a show in our theater on sunday february 17th for people to come out watch and enjoy .
this month 's video theme is comedy so please submit your funniest 3-minute-or-shorter video using the form below .
we 'll be in touch shortly to let you know if your video was selected .
please no standup porn or maliciously violent content if you can avoid it .
i 'm so mad i ca n't even spell correctly .
i understand that all alaska cruises are supposed to go to a foreign port canada before returning to the us .
my parents are carrying philippine passports and therefore would need a short-duration singe day canadian visa to do this cruise .
any ideas how long the process is to acquire one ?
bought these rocks a few days ago at the lfs and i began cleaning them today didnt really get a good look until now and there seems to be algae growths of some sort on them they were supposed to go into a 10 freshwater but i just wanted to make sure if they were safe
this is all the information i can remember about the game
i think the videos thumbnail was white with the spirit girls face on it but im not sure .
so markiplier played this horror game some time ago .
he had gotten to i think part 5 of the series before taking a year long break .
when the game starts you 're greeted by a pitch black ghost i believe and she tells you how to free your soul .
you have to to through some puzzle rooms in order to get your life back .
i believe you find other spirits throughout the game .
the game ended with you finding out that you are the offspring of your mother and your uncle .
your uncle raped your mother or something along the lines of that .
your father was never around and i think the uncle got jealous .
the spirits you ended up finding along the way turned out to be your family and they all bascially forgave each other or something along the lines of that .
i 've been noticing a trend lately of comedies starring women that heavily rely on some sort of magical element to drive the plot forward .
last time i went to the theater i saw trailers with three different movies that were like this !
is n't it romantic '' a woman gets hit in the head to wake up finding herself living in a pg-13 romantic comedy .
little '' a woman gets a spell put on her and wakes up as a little girl .
what men want '' a woman gets a spell put on her and gets hit in the head to wake up being able to read men 's thoughts .
on top of all this those last two movies were written by the same women !
edit i just wanted to add that i do n't there 's anything wrong with this .
i just seems a bit lazy that this is the trend .
some might say that this is what sells but i guarantee you all three of these movies will flop .
i understand that in today 's climate a lot of filmmakers want to get things of their chest which is great but it seems like this sort of gimmick might just be the easiest way to do it .
women do n't need the aid of magic to propel their stories forward .
change your life in 7 days – invite the future you into the now
upon this road unto self there comes that time where knowing alone is not enough anymore and then comes the great surprize .
not until that moment that the door of feeling within opens up to you has one any idea what it is that one has been holding out for .
understanding our oneness of be-ing is one thing when one 's original nature opens up to oneself one 's whole life gets turned upside down as one struggles to come to grips with one 's amazing original self .
there is nothing that can prepare one for the graceful truthfulness of one 's original nature that is child-like in be-ing .
several things become instantaneously clear this original nature of one 's be-ing can not hurt it is not possible at all for a love of this deep and graceful nature to hurt .
this nature does not know negativity is absolutely positive in expression knows not the idea of can not as unto this self all is possible this due to the very positive-ness of outlook .
this self is absolute child-like and within this child-like gracious self is vested all the power within the universe .
there exist no real words to describe what i am trying to convey to you as the mind can not define this nature .
the only way possible that original nature can be made clear is to feel it the actual feeling of it only then will you truly understand that which you are .
i first came across our original nature when a well known brother of ours one night performed a healing on me .
what i saw before me was a man of around 35 years old what came across in his communication with me was a young man of around 21 years old with the most gentle graceful and softness of natures possible .
what my eyes saw and the reality that confronted me was 2 totally different things .
i then wandered about this great difference for days .
the idea i think man has of what must be great and loving and powerful and godlike and the truth that stood before me was 2 totally different things .
it is true in saying to you that the universe is guided by an absolute intelligence of absolute graceful child-like innocent and absolute benevolent nature .
in all my posts i could only tell you what i personally found to be true based upon my own experience and the same applies here .
it is my hope that the exercise i have created for myself will do for you what it has done for me .
the basis of this exercise is the real and truthful which we are to invite this self into the here and now through feeling and understanding .
will note no capitals are used to self only self exists there is no higher nor lower only self .
self is all that is as only self exists .
we are all parts of the whole we stepped out of the whole into individualized creative consciousness‘s of self we have within ourselves one part of each of those particles within self that together constitutes complete self-consciousness .
through this one of each we are representative of the whole and thus is the whole of i consciousness as we are linked to the whole of i consciousness through be-ing one complete infinite consciousness particle of self .
having said this we are the consciousness of the universe and all within .
our original and safeguarded innocent child-like nature is one of being infinitely soft and gentle infinitely loving infinitely graceful infinitely benevolent totally positive of be-ing .
some time ago i did an extract from life and teachings on the exercise of becoming born again and earlier i also posted the link to the ho'oponopono healing exercise .
since our original nature opened to me i understood simple things much clearer and i have made a combination of these two exercises that has changed my life in profound ways .
i have a spot where i stand bare feet on lawn is best and face eastwards towards.. the gate through which universal energies enter earth .
i start by saying i love this which i am .
– holding in mind and feeling this soft gentleness of my be-ing feeling the gracefulness that i am feeling this beautiful love i am .
this which you now say unto yourself is what you are not maybe is period .
this is the true you that personality will merge back into over time .
2 i say unto myself i accept that all the imperfection i see within this world is but a projection from within myself outwards and i accept that the error lies wholly within me in the way i think in the way i act .
i am sorry i am so sorry so deeply sorry for creating this error within myself .
feeling deeply and genuinely this admission of my error unto myself .
3 in my mind i gather these knots of energy from within myself of erroneous thinking and acting and i lay them at the feet of the fatherhood of my be-ing that great aqueous source from where within all originates and i surrender these unto my father .
i see my father bend down and one by one to undo the rope-like knots of energy and then place the clear ropes of energy back into the crystal clear aqueous ocean .
4 i thank myself for the soft graciousness of my be-ing of being able to forgive myself for these errors committed and i draw back from source the energy surrendered unto now crystal clear and beautiful .
i weave into this energy this soft and gentle love that i am .
5 i thank myself for this gracefulness of my be-ing for this great gentleness that i am which allows me to gracefully forgive myself .
i look at this love that i am in gratitude at its gracefulness and thank myself for becoming reborn and renewed unto myself for being this soft gracious unto myself .
during the day i over and over say unto myself with feeling i love myself i love my original self i am sorry so sorry .
i thank myself with depth of feeling for this graciousness of my being of being able to forgive myself over and over and over .
over and over i draw unto myself this soft gentle graceful love that i truly am .
the more i do this the more the ever presence of this love unfolds within me unto my consciousness .
i have no words to explain how this truthful me draws closer and closer unto me .
all i can say is that it opens another world where love is universal in all and through all links all .
may this be of help unto you may this be .
do this over and over with deep sincerity day in and day out for 7 days and see if your life does not take a dramatic turn for the good .
they do n't seem raid viable from what i 've seen .
but that 's just been from a video or two i 've watched on the updated team .
the top 100 teams in my arena are all defenders teams .
every last one of them except one guy with a bh team .
i know they can manage as a blitz option but just curious about arena .
i 've heard people suggest thanos and nn to make them raid viable replacing drax and groot .
or even a tech hybrid team with rr sl vision nn and thanos .
i do n't have thanos yet tho i 'm around 86/100 to unlock him .
point is i 'm so sick of using defenders for everything and seeing them everywhere in the game and i 'm looking for some other options .
i have cap bw quake and vision as options to work on they 're all 4 around 11k each so that 'll take some time .
homegirl is determined to be culturally enlightened i did n't really see it coming but i 'm not surprised at all .
so as the title says i was swallowing 2 capsules of a vitamin at the same timew with little water and minutes later i felt them stuck .
i went to get more water as this has happened before in the past but this time the chest pain still persists and it hurts when swallowing .
i also burp a lot and it is exacerbated by citrus or acidic like foods .
i also have always had acid reflux with lots of different kinds of foods but never this .
i am concerned that that might affect it too .
so i 've been thinking about making a character who 's primary function is buffing allies .
i really like the look of foresight and haste .
from what i gather the only options to get foresight are bard druid warlock wizard cleric arcana .
so i 'll start with my big and broad question
what are the best buffing support spells in 5e ?
i 've mentioned foresight and haste but i have n't been able to read through them all .
i 'm just hoping more experienced people can give me some insight into this line of thinking .
i 'm currently at the end of act 2 and overall the game is really good compared to the first one .
i do feel there is a big diference from the first one and that is that i feel that i constantly have to look up wiki 's or make scum saves to solve quests the most optimal way .
in the first game it felt more natural to just go with the flow whereas in this game there is so goddamn many secrets and missable quest endings that euqals potential loss in exp gear etc .
i have terrible memory terrible but have been journaling my dreams lately just because i know analysis can make a world of difference in the significance of dream symbolism sometimes .
lately for the past week or so i 've been having dreams about being in my parent 's home country particularly remembering either being in the village or being with people from the village elders and such .
it might be worth noting that in my country of heritage your village is a very significant place and what village you 're from has more importance in your identity than your last name as with western culture .
anyways it 's strange to me that i keep having dreams about my village/people bc i had n't been thinking about them at all until now obviously .
now it struck all but curiosity out of me but this is where i 'm scared and need advice my mother 's family has a sort of ‘curse ' that she would always speak of .
she passed away before 50 and so did many of her siblings one after the other almost like a domino effect all at a young age of strange or unexpected/immediate circumstances .
she passed away after we visited her village for a family reunion which is what my mum 's family attributes to the reasoning behind her and her sibling 's death following the trip our village is renowned for witchcraft and she had always recounted strange supernatural events happening to the family because her father/family was very well respected and highly regarded in town .
my mother always reassured me this curse was n't generational and i would be safe .
basically all the previous dreams had been about my dad 's village/people .
it 's strange to me to let alone be dreaming of my village when i 'm preoccupied with life here i just woke up from a dream i was in a parked car with my uncle who is alive and lives in my same city in the driver and my mum in the front passenger seat i 'm behind the driver seat my uncle asks me when i plan on going back to visit the village in real life he would never ask this because of everything that happened and i would never dream of going back .
i told him i was thinking possibly next year .
i 've heard many stories of people saying they dream of their deceased loved ones calling them to follow them or calling them back somewhere almost as if calling them to death .
i 've had some prophetic-like dreams before not to the extent of life and death just seeing places i 'd seen in dreams before etc so this is a bit scary for me .
i think it might be worth mentioning as well that i 've been having many apocalyptic dreams but one specific one in particular we all knew we had a certain amount of time before the world ended and i absolutely insisted i be in my dad 's village i was bare naked there so i could ‘feel raw ' came out the womb naked going back out naked ?
i wanted to feel as connected to the land i was from as possible like i said where you come from is so important before we all ‘went ' .
also might be worth mentioning my mum has been in quite a few of my dreams past one-two weeks as well .
i went to my first group therapy session today .
i got way way more anxious than anticipated when i got there .
i rarely do things this uncomfortable so i have n't felt that intense anxiety in a while which could be why i thought it was n't going to be that bad .
i did n't say much more than my name and age but it was my first time there and i was super nervous .
my neck hurts from looking at the floor for so long i did n't look anyone in the face .
i do n't know i just wanted to ask if anyone here currently go to group therapy or have been and what it 's like for you ?
it was very interesting spite my anxiety being high and i 'm really exhausted now .
voice breaking legs shaking stomach twisting and lots of sweat but i did n't think too much about it in that setting as in if anyone noticing and judging me for it .
everyone there had social anxiety avpd problems and some of them were very clearly having much anxiety during the session too but they still talked so i was n't so bothered as usual that my body was giving me the bad feels .
i should say this was n't some random therapy group for any mental illness it was for personality disorders which made me feel more comfortable there would probably be others with avpd there and relatable problems .
i felt a bit crazy for saying yes to go there since it was only yesterday i was asked when i wanted to go and i could already today so everything happened faster than expected .
group therapy always sounded terrifying to me i 've gotten much better at winning over my anxiety the last year and felt i could do this now and even tricked myself into thinking it 's no big deal but i was absolutely dying just waiting for my turn at introductions and it went so slow torture really .
but felt exhilarating when it was over and i did okay .
btw unrelated but on the way home i went off the tram so the woman sitting next to me could get off easier and she gave me a big smile lost my seat but small stuff like that really makes my day .
i do n't think i smiled back tho my brain was n't ready thanks for reading
i recently got back in to the game can i buy the dlc alone i do n't really want to buy it in a bundle when i already own all the other dlcs
ive been out of the game for a little bit and finally had a game of 8th edition last week .
i played my normal list of necrons which consist of a lord warriors destroyers and a monolith .
but i noticed now the monoliths suck compared to the days of old .
so the question is i wan na change it all up maybe and make a new 2000pts list .
any help be great i heard wraths are better now and maybe c'tans ?
what is the easiest way to set gps joystick private app to system app .
my phone is asus zenfone 3 max 5.5 zc553kl android 8.1 kingroot is n't on my my phone magisk is too hard for me twrp recovery unlocking bootloader ...
what is the easiest way to root for me ?
hello everyone i 'm reaching out today because i can not figure out port forwarding to fix this lag on my xbox .
i have spectrum 400 and when i play wired on my modem which is a arris tm1602a everything works fine it has open nat and speeds and performance are incredible .
but when i plug it in to my router a sagecom rac2v1k everything does a 180 .
strict nat upnp not successful and i lag lag lag like crazy .
there is a huge difference but i cant jack the modem and my family 's internet 247 .
im gon na post some pictures on what i see when i try to port forward .
the window and details of my portfowarding settings in router .
i know it probably wo n't happen but man would it be cool af .
there are elements of the souls games that would fit with each faction so no faction would feel too left out .
you could have some awesome dark souls themed armor and weapons like how cool would it be to have a solaire themed armor and weapon set for vortiger or warden ?
we could have some dark souls themed minions in 4s and maybe reskin the commanders in breach as dark souls bosses ?
dark souls music in matches or in the menus ?
it likely would n't be that much harder to do than the current assassin 's creed themed event ...
again this unlikely to happen but it would be the coolest .
edit for those who do n't seem to understand ...
this is fluff as it was marked ... it 's not meant to be taken seriously ... yes i know ubi owns ac and not dark souls ... y'all need to loosen up before you have a stroke .
i 've had my current build for a few months now and could n't be happier .
i 'm gaming pretty reliably on ultra at minimum 60 fps even on something like witcher 3 .
everything 's being cooled using five fans three on the sides two on the top and i even swapped out the default case fans for corsairs .
a friend asked me if i have plans to do liquid cooling i have an nzxt kraken x62 and suggested that it 's helpful for keeping the cpu or gpu at a consistent temperature and told me how easy it is to set up and so on .
i 'm skeptical since even with settings jacked up to ultra and framerates unlocked my core temps have never been going past 60c .
so is there any practical reason to do liquid cooling at all ?
while it looks like it might be fun to try i 'm leery of having liquids around sensitive electronics .
i have had a nano big muff a soul food and a ditto looper for quite a while and have recently got a canyon delay and the oceans 11 reverb .
my question is which order should i put them all in ?
i am still new to pedals and am not really sure .
i have played them all individually and got some nice sounds but putting them all together gets muddy really quick .
i am just a bedroom player who has mainly stuck to acoustic but have decided to branch out this year .
i am playing through an orange micro terror and my guitar is an epiphone riviera p93 if that makes any difference .
we are about halfway through the long reread of the manga .
participation has been fairly low but that is to be expected especially since we have a very tiny subreddit .
however the reread has been successful in producing a stream of content that hopefully is welcome in our subscribers ' feeds .
moving forward i am reaching out to see if there is anything more that the community would like in terms of improving the reread or improving content in the sub generally .
thank you to everyone has participated in the last year and a half !
chapter 113 pretty much confirms that zeke is definitely not manipulating or controlling eren .
he appears to believe that only he and eren truly understand what 's going on https i.imgur.com/xono0jf.jpg .
ignoring their short encounter in shiganshina the two of them only first met 2 months ago .
why is it that these two brothers have so much faith in each other ?
zeke 's entire plan hinged on eren coming to marley and taking part in the plan to attack the festival .
he 's the type of person to never leave things to chance if he can help it and convincing someone who has every reason to see him as an enemy to abandon his friends and leave to go undercover in enemy territory is a pretty tall order .
i feel that zeke needed to have something up his sleeve in order to be confident that he could get eren trust him enough to take such huge risks .
if we go back to chapter 68 when historia dealt the finishing blow to rod 's titan she saw some flashes of rod 's memories https imgur.com/a/hdccjpo .
what if the reason for this is because she came into contact with some of his titan 's spinal fluid ?
historia a direct descendant of ymir fritz the founding titan gained some fragments of the memories of a titan with royal blood after coming into contact with their spinal fluid .
assuming this is true what could be said about the wielder of the founding titan coming into contact with the spinal fluid of a titan with royal blood ?
i think it would be interesting if during the railroad opening ceremony that everyone seems to keep bring up for some reason eren was purposefully served wine that had some of zeke 's spinal fluid and this triggered him to gain some if not all of zeke 's memories .
perhaps he saw something that made him feel like he could/should trust zeke like something involving eren kruger and/or xavier .
this would explain something that has been bothering me for some time now .
we saw that 1 year ago eren acted pretty much like the same person we 've known all these years https imgur.com/a/gdr7zsi .
this was when they were near completion of the rail system .
but then during the rail opening ceremony 10 months ago when eren went to talk with yelena his demeanor is completely different .
he looks much more like the eren we have seen throughout the marley arc and beyond https imgur.com/a/howwxch .
but there was n't nearly enough time between those two moments for such a drastic change to take place organically .
something had to trigger it and i think the wine is the answer .
lastly there was a fan q a session with isayama back in march of last year .
besides now standing at 183cm eren is also a heavyweight drinker does n't get drunk easily and good at cleaning .
he is now influenced by a lot of the memories he retained and he determinedly chopped off his own leg before entering marley .
his irises are a grey-ish color and his bloodtype is b .
also his song genre of choice at karaoke would be metal .
it may be a bit of a stretch but i think isayama mentioning the fact that eren can hold his alcohol could have been a small hint towards eren drinking the marleyan wine .
he also talks about eren being influenced by memories but he never said they were only memories from his predecessors .
i think this perfectly explains why zeke and eren are able to trust each other .
they have seen things that no one else is able to see .
this gives more weight to u/qrowin-shitposts theory about them wanting to use the founding titan to show the rest of the eldian 's their memories https www.reddit.com/r/shingekinokyojin/comments/a9bwhn/manga_spoilersi_fucking_figured_out_what_erens .
it 's a drawing based in social media or the idea of video chatting ?
the image shows a girl in her room chatting with someone from her laptop and everything in the background looks nice and perfect but everything outside of the camera 's view is n't clean or appropriate ?
i 'm trying to show this image to my students as an example of people who fake their identities online .
any other cool memes or images relating to this topic would be greatly appreciated !
i 'm building an ash handrail and all is going well except one part .
as said i ca n't get the angles when they compound .
here is the album http imgur.com/gallery/1rw0iwa with the build some explanations and pictures of angles .
if anyone can point me in the right direction as how to compute the correct angles for cuts i 'd be very grateful .
keep in mind i ca n't do much past algebra and very simple trig .
my company is funded by the ma department of mental health .
residents in my group home vary in independence and some are unable to wipe themselves after going to the bathroom and often accidentally urinate around the house .
as counselors we are not allowed to help with direct care we can only prompt them to change and shower but are forced to constantly clean urine and feces because we do not have a designated cleaner/cna in the house .
these residents also leave urine on whatever furniture they sit on .
we also had an incident where a resident developed infected rashes that oozed pus yet was allowed to return from the hospital hospital advised against it and use furniture in the house .
the house is unsanitary and constantly smells awful so it 's biohazardous for everyone living/working .
i often see people saying that liz thinks she is the better actor than spader and that she thinks red does n't know she betrayed him .
therefore i 'm curious does spader know from the script he got betrayed by liz or do they hide it from each other so that emotions ca n't be involved .
this may be a stupid question as i am not really familiar with the tv networks ...
hello i want to know if it is possible to tame the amani battle bear as a pet in zul'aman .
oldham equalise at fulham with a penalty then fulham have a penalty saved .
i 'm now suffering unknown mental disorder or overthinking .
i unfortunately found that photos on my facebook newsfeed .
these photos are about a myanmar sexy model opening a new drinking bar .
i 'm believing that it contains bdsm scenes and i l 'm anxious and very afraid of that bdsm will spread to my county to my surrounding or to my parents .
i addicted to bdsm porns last 4 years ago and i 'm now trying hard to recover from them .
i 'm in fear and anxiety for this overthinking .
i 'm getting off adt after 10 years and i decided on going with abode home security .
well this is for my mother 's house so i wanted to set her up a gui interface so she could control the alarm with a gui on the wall by the door instead of using the phone all the time .
plus i have to get rid of the old control box on the wall so i was thinking of going with action tiles and mounting a fire tablet on the wall in place of it .
so my question is does anyone know how to tie abode into smartthings .
i saw a post on the action tiles forums link https support.actiontiles.com/communities/12/topics/1433-show-me-your-panels-gallery-1 comment-13220 where a guy had his wall panel set up with exactly what i want to do but he did n't elaborate on how he did it .
so if anyone could lead me in the right direction that would be awesome .
grandma asks of his socks are heavy to keep his toes warm .
he says if they were heavy i could n't walk . ''
my wife has been watching korean drama shows subtitles and all for about 2 months now .
last night one of the characters in the show was just casually wearing an okc thunder shirt and i thought it was very odd .
are there any instances where you have seen thunder related stuff in random songs shows or movies ?
it was super hard for me to make friends but in 4th grade i had a best friend .
then one day i think i was showing her a lewd gesture that i must have saw in a movie the v '' fingers in front of your mouth while you waggled your tongue and her mom saw and that was the end of our friendship ...
the thing was i was a great kid super sweet i didnt even start swearing until college .
i had no idea what that meant and instead of taking me aside and explaining to me that i was doing something bad she just made her daughter stop being my friend .
i was alone for 2 more years before i made a new group of friends .
i have a question for those of you who have your gay apps wether is scruff grindr or whatever you 're on to your facebook or instagram ?
i recently just added my instagram to my scruff just for kicks and giggles i made it private and made sure i was n't really stalkable to the average person but i was totally curious for those of you who have ... any good or terrible experiences ?
we finally have most of the 2018 election cycle in the rear-view mirror outside of poor poor dan mccready .
to help kill time before the 2019 general i thought i 'd start writing summaries of how democratic bench situation in each republican-held congressional district i 'll be doing a more in-depth dive in arizona including dem .
districts and possible 2020/2022 scenarios so we 'll skip that for the time being – but i 'm still going to try to get it done before filing starts in earnest so it wo n't only be after wyoming .
the candidates here are n't all going to be running for congress in 2020 hell it 's somewhat likely that none of them do so .
democratic congressional candidates are much more than just highest ranking democratic politician in that district '' they 're veterans doctors teachers activists scientists businesspeople lawyers and celebrities who have never held public office .
but only one aspect of the bench can easily be googled and tallied up as a measure of party success and that 's people who 've held public office in the past .
so i 've tried to collect a list here .
it 's not all encompassing freshmen backbenchers and most school board members are kept off to save space and lord knows there 're a whole bunch of judges who could run .
i do pull from state house hd state senate sd county council ccd city council cicd and occasional school board sb as well as famous past and current statewides .
in some extremely rural areas i pull from some countywides .
list by and large has not been culled for past scandals outside of headline-news-worthy stuff .
analysis arkansas 's districts despite their pvi 's were actually drawn by a democratic legislature and signed into law by a democratic governor .
but it was n't sufficient enough to trump the changing sentiments of its residents and it has stayed solidly red since the 2010 election .
straddling the whole length of arkansas 's portion of the mississippi ar-1 incorporates historically african american communities near the mississippi river delta with more whiter and conservative areas inland .
the district 's recent pivot towards republican candidates has led to a relatively thin democratic bench .
mark mcelroy an outgoing 3-term representative immediately attracts some attention .
a relative moderate mcelroy was primaried out this cycle by incoming dem .
mcelroy filed to run as an independent in the general and ended up taking 2nd in the election 44 d 30.4 i 25.5 r .
this was in a district that was only 48.3 black and against a black democratic candidate demonstrating abnormally strong support with crossover white voters .
if mcelroy runs as an independent again he might stand a chance at making ar-1 vaguely competitive .
another name that obviously stands out is former u.s .
senator blanche lincoln who represented the district back in the late clinton/early bush administrations .
now in her late 50 's and working in a nova consulting firm lincoln has frayed her ties with eastern arkansas somewhat – but was the last dem who represented the district who could feasibly run for re-election .
if she ever does decide to make a comeback she could pack a punch .
robert marion berry held the seat after lincoln but is 76 years old .
keith ingram is the last of the major candidates on the list .
current senate minority leader he has mulled potential gubernatorial runs in the past and may think that he has the infrastructure he needs to take a shot at a seat above his current standing .
with berry nearing 80 lincoln in virginia and mcelroy probably soured at the state party ingram may be the most realistic recruit .
the other elected legislative candidates in the seat are of no particular note – each relatively new to the state capitol and probably unwilling and unable to make a hop to a larger seat with even a modicum of success .
monte hodges probably is the most notable of these four – he won a contested election in 2018 in a seat that only has a small black majority – which could prove some ability to attract independents .
clarke tucker hd-35 outgoing 3 term representative candidate in 2018
analysis ar-02 is currently thee bluest of the congressional districts in arkansas by virtue of encompassing most of the little rock metropolitan area .
because of this it also is home to most former democratic statewide candidates including former governor mike beebe lieutenant governor bill halter and senator mark pryor .
it had a very good shot at flipping this cycle thanks to the strong campaign of state rep. clarke tucker .
beebe pryor and halter are all strong former candidates but most likely will not run in 2020 – possibly only for higher office i.e .
halter may be young enough to sustain another run relative to pryor and beebe but having not won an election in 12 years losing a primary against lincoln in 2010 it 's doubtful he wants to jump into the fray again .
ross is in a similar boat – he held ar-04 for 12 years but was drawn into ar-02 during redistricting .
with little past history with most communities in ar-02 and with a gubernatorial loss in his background it 's highly unlikely he runs again .
but his ability to win in some rural communities plus the strong urban base in little rock allows for the potential to make a race competitive .
he ran a strong campaign and has really recent infrastructure still in place in the district .
re-matches do n't always have the highest of ceilings but also have higher-than normal floors .
he 'd definitely keep it a competitive seat although it 's unknown if he 'd be able to put the race over the finish line .
a former republican justice of the peace he switched to run as a democrat in 2014 for state house and has been a moderate dem .
he represents a rather exurban portion of the little rock metro area and could potentially win some less-urban votes due to his tested ability to win in his current district .
as with ar-1 the other legislative candidates are rather milquetoast .
however given the vast relative concentration of democratic power in this district there 're a lot of potential candidates to chose from to recruit .
analysis try as i might i could n't find any statewide from ar-3 a relatively compact seat in the nw of arkansas centered around fayetteville .
it 's the reddest district in the state and therefore has a thinner bench and fewer blue legislative districts than other arkansas congressional districts .
representatives denise garner and megan godfrey both won tight races against incumbents in red districts – garner gaining 14 points on the 2014 democrat the seat went uncontested in 2016 and godfrey gaining 6 points on the 2016 democrat in her seat .
both incumbents were relatively milquetoast and did n't face any scandals of note .
while garner and godfrey are newcomers to the political sphere one may be willing to move to a higher seat at some point and they 've proven themselves in battle already .
incoming senator greg leding is one of the more senior dems in the area having spent 4 terms as a representative in a district consisting of most of fayetteville 's urban core .
while he does n't have the suburban/rural winning creds that the two freshman representatives have he 's had multiple years of legislating experience under his belt .
uvalde lindsey the senator whose seat leding is taking over is also a decent option albeit rather old .
there are some other potential candidates – whitaker and mcgill for starters – but they do n't seem to be set to perform above the standard partisan lean of the district .
analysis arkansas 's 4th hugs the southwest portion of the state although it protrudes quite far north – almost to the missouri border – and east – to the mississippi river delta .
mike ross held this seat in the 2000 's but was drawn into ar-2 .
bench here is rather discombobulated with both few statewide and legislative options to pull from .
nate steel is the top option in this district a former nominee for attorney general in 2014 .
steel performed admirably well outperforming mike ross and all other statewide candidates although still only getting 43 .
still relatively young and with a decent enough statewide performance under his belt steel could be a good option for recruitment in this seat .
leanne burch is a noticeably moderate representative who was appointed to her seat after the death of sheila lampkin .
the seat was relatively competitive under lampkin – with republicans getting into the low 40 's in two consecutive elections – but burch has managed to scare away challengers running unopposed both in her special election and in the 2018 general election .
a former brigadier general and attorney burch has a strong background outside of politics that makes her and interesting candidate for a higher seat .
james lee witt the 2014 democratic candidate for the seat performed surprisingly well just like steel for a gop wave year – scoring just 1 percentage point lower than pat hays di din the much bluer ar-2 .
while witt has this strong performance in his background he 's also 75 years old and is probably not willing to come back into politics at this point .
the remaining candidate are all legislators that have managed to hang on in a very red district with no town larger than 50,000 people .
most districts are close to the mississippi river delta relying on black votes to keep the seats competitive .
lawrence teague and bruce maloch buck the trend representing districts near the texas/louisiana border .
both have held their seats for quite some time and have proven themselves capable of winning in rural areas .
after i shows the steam community thing and the nvidea one it stops working after that .
on a clean install and i followed the right steps i think .
how to use binance api for cryptocurrency trading and how to test exchange trading ?
the ccxt is suitable for crypto trading on binance exchange house ?
i was rewatching the vods for streamer camp but i noticed that day 2 on albert 's channel was n't there .
does anybody have it or is there a reason it was deleted ?
just remove all player blips from radar and map .
have people engage in the tracking view and be able to see trails of players that have their names associated with those trails .
then the player can follow the trail to find where the player went this would make it so the hunter would have to actually use some effort in hunting someone down .
this keeps people safe by being off radar but allows pvp'ers to hunter others down by tracking them like an animal .
eventually sneaking up on them when they dont even know it .
it keeps the fun of hunting someone else down there but also makes the world safe from griefersby removing everyone 's blip from the entire world .
obviously if you are in a posse show those blips on the map at all times .
it got lambasted by the critics when it was released but it definitely has charm and character .
a crazy premise with your main character being immortal and able to roll and jump around with only his head !
it also has one of the funniest character designs ever in the form of sangria .
a friend and i live in different cities in the us .
my friend could n't make it unfortunately and i have a spare ticket for macbeth at the sam wanamaker playhouse adjacent to the globe .
would anybody be interested in joining me for the show ?
you will not do things the way we do them here today where everyone does whatever in his own opinion seems right ... deuteronomy 12:8
starting from verse 8 we are introduced to yet another fundamental torah principle .
it is god not man who authorizes how he is to be worshipped .
so what is the proper worship of god supposed to consist of ?
simple his ordained ceremonies are to be carried out in his ordained ways at his appointed times .
we 're talking about the biblical festivals here folks .
at this point i 'm well aware that the vast majority of the gentile church will respond with a bored yawn and justify their lack of interest by saying look man .
i can worship the lord any way i want .
of course you 're not required to make a journey to a temple that does n't exist .
nor do you have to recite certain traditional prayers or have one distinct order of service .
and you 're not forced to worship the lord at a certain location .
however the torah makes it clear that there are certain specially designated dates and times and ways we are to keep ...
... and if we do n't keep them god makes it clear we are not worshiping him at all .
if we insist on doing things our own way we are no better off than some of those rebellious israelites who wrongly thought it was okay to do things the way their canaanite neighbors were doing them as long as they were paying homage to their god .
this is pretty much the way the vast majority of christendom thinks today .
remember god ordered the religion of the canaanites to be destroyed .
therefore if what god did in the past is any indicator of what may happen in the future i would say a healthy respect and fear for god and his clear instructions should take priority over our fleshly desires .
to this point i want to leave you with an interesting quote .
he is considered to be one of the most conservative bible scholars of our day .
he also happens to be the academic dean of trinity evangelical divinity school .
some believe his works have influenced the evangelical movement and its doctrines more than anyone on the planet today .
take a look at the below quote and pay special attention to those parts i bolded and underline dealing with the old testament and how he says its rules and regulations are still relevant to modern believer today .
i think you 're going to be quite surprised .
... ... in order to make up for the hiatus of instruction on all sorts of practical questions about how to deal with everyday problems such as ‘youth conflicts ' and the like evangelicals flock by the thousands in every major metropolitan area to special seminars as an open testimony to their hunger for true biblical instruction on matters that were actually dealt with in the ot law .
to be sure most of these seminars on youth problems marriage enrichment and business management techniques drew heavily on the biblical wisdom books of the ot especially proverbs ecclesiastes and the song of solomon .
but what few have realized and what still remains as one of the best kept secrets to this very day is that these same wisdom books have as their fountainhead the law of moses .
one need only take a marginally competent reference bible and notice how frequently the text of proverbs for example directly quotes or alludes to the books of exodus numbers and deuteronomy in its popularized bumper sticker way of theologizing .
just these few examples should be enough to warn the contemporary pastor and teacher .
we must overcome our inherited prejudice against the ot especially as concerns the law .
we must immediately move to balance the spiritual diet of god 's people .
few people today would espouse a junk-food nutritional plan as a regular plan of good eating but how many christians prefer to eat only the ‘desert ' as found in the nt ?
in order to address this imbalance ... ... .we must begin to use the ot in a more balanced and holistic teaching ministry.
has anyone played dbd on the base xbox one and then the x ?
have n't played dbd since the spirit dropped and wanting to get back into playing it
the rumble card was revamped after christmas with the key change being plans for ronda rousey vs. charlotte flair getting changed to rousey vs. sasha banks a match that came out of nowhere on raw .
the back story is that as of right now as noted a few weeks ago the arguments to get flair into the wrestlemania rousey match were accepted by vince mcmahon .
the current plan is a three-way for the title with rousey vs .
the feeling was also to not compromise that match that rousey should n't face flair at the rumble .
we were also told that while that is the plan right now it is not locked in stone and there are still two ppvs between rumble and wrestlemania elimination chamber on 2/17 in houston and fast lane on 3/10 in cleveland that rousey vs .
flair could take place at if mcmahon changes his mind .
we pretty much ran down the key arguments made for adding flair and making it a three-way especially if it 's promoted as the first-ever women 's main event in mania history .
it will give both flair and lynch the distinction for the rest of their career as being part of the first which should elevate both and eventually make them legends of the industry .
it also should be a better match with flair involved .
regarding asuka vs lynch there is still talk of lynch being in the rumble after that match happens as a surprise entrant and winning the thing which would lead to her challenging rousey .
that 's not necessarily happening but it was one of the ways potentially to get to her in the match and then flair would get in the match another way .
flair could also win the rumble herself and then elimination chamber would determine who would challenge for the smackdown title .
lynch could also win the smackdown title and flair win the rumble although that would lead to only one women 's title match on the show .
there was also talk of crowning the first women 's tag team champions on mania but that also was just something talked about and not anything said to be definite . ''
i 've been in the hobby for just over a year now and mainly play games with a group of friends every 2 weeks or so .
i 've signed up for the games workshop gt for later this year .
any advice would be great to know i 'm looking at taking my new nids
ganho um salario minimo mas moro com meus pais .
mesmo assim nao quero comprometer mais de 30 da minha renda com games e os jogos de ps4 sao meio carinhos rdr2 por exemplo ta custando uns 200 reais .
e francamente a biblioteca do ps4 nao tem muitos games maioria é remaster de game do ps3 .
a unica vantagem é ser mais atual e ter graficos melhores e muitos lançamentos pra ainda chegarem ou nao ja que em breve sai o ps5 .
ja o ps3 tem uma biblioteca boa watch dogs sleeping dogs tlou rdr 1 uncharted persona 5 bordelands la noire bioshock e posso jogar de graça so comprar um hd externo ...
give a stranger an egg however you are not allowed to speak during this quest .
after research prpo was given a dod contract increasing profit by 48 currently at .27 a share expected to rise to .70 a share worth a watch .
so i 'm interviewing for a position as a digital marketing manager in a few weeks in a b2c company .
right now the company has little to no marketing and they 've asked me to help .
i 'm a video freelancer which means i 'm familiar with paid ads seo and everything content related but i 've never done it as my main job .
i 've been taking a few classes from the hubspot academy and it definitely helped a lot .
my question is should i prepare some kind of strategy or plan for the interview to show them i know what i am doing ?
any younger straight guys curious and wan na show off ?
a player on the opposite team on the rotterdam map just did this !
why was n't anyone on my team destroying the tank ?
i managed to blow one of the tanks up !
today my dear grandfather passed away peacefully in his sleep .
this was the first time i saw death up close and it 's making me question the meaning of life .
why does life stop the way it does when it does ?
i received my double phd – i 'm one step closer to starting my own lab !
the pride on my parents ' faces today was priceless !
i 'm more determined than ever to unravel the key to immortality !
do n't know how long i have to save my parents from death .
more than 3 decades of work but it feels like we 're still barely scratching the surface .
we must be doing something right the government has decided to fund my project .
finally created an elixir that will extend the life of mammals !
we need to test it further before i can say anything more .
testing for the past couple of years have revealed that this elixir we 're calling it amruta does impart immortality to mice .
trials on humans commenced last year and have given us promising results .
consumption of 100ml of amruta will make the human immortal .
it 's funny actually – the body continues to function even when deprived of food and water .
there is huge pressure on us to commercialise it .
we can now boast of a long client list .
eminent personalities and celebrities round the world have consumed our amruta .
but i see this creating a divide in the society .
one section living forever and becoming wealthier while the other getting bogged down due to loss and grief .
my aim now is to remove this inequality and make it reach everyone in this world !
no one should feel the pinch of loss of a loved one .
i 've succeeded in bringing amruta to everyone on this planet .
tomorrow will bring the dawn of a new era .
we we – it never crossed any of our minds .
ok this is getting out of hand – more and more people became reckless since they knew they could n't die .
we 've been getting reports of how people rammed their vehicles into each other just to ‘test amruta ' .
how some tried to hack their enemies to death .
now even though someone is nearly headless he um continues to live ?
i did n't want this this is not what i envisioned .
these people are everywhere mindlessly walking about as if nothing has happened .
worse some have attacked the healthy people out of spite !
my maid turned up with an eye missing today i could see the bloody empty socket !
and they have started pointing at me blaming me for their misery .
i ca n't even go out of my home now .
some who have lost their legs are dragging themselves by their hands .
others are attacking ones who are um normal can you call any of us normal ?
the story revolves around a member of the kamishiro 's side of a fellow student who seeks to have a threat to the city .
in order to save the world of the world of the earth federation agency dr .
parody garden and their dreams of the evil satoshi and his friends are searching for the sake of her attempt to transform into the presence of the organization the spirit of the kamishiro 's sister miko and misako are assigned to form his own apprenticeship and decides to uncover the planet .
it seems that not all the housework and her father is attacked by the strange realm and from shin become a super deformed son and her father .
the protagonist of the student council becomes long as her own destiny but also a surprise attack on the public town of the shinto sakuran sensei .
i really like the profile design aero bars but looking at it they do n't sell the t4 anymore .
i like that bend the most over the t2 .
what are the pro 's and cons to both bends .
any suggestions as to why i would use one over the other .
so i just wanted to share my struggles i was having just in case anyone else was going through this and could n't figure out what was wrong for the longest time like me .
lo is 2 months now and i was having problems with him being a little colicky and gassy .
after i took him to the pediatrician i was told to change my diet and figure out through process of elimination what food was making his tummy upset .
it was n't very hard to figure out it was dairy products so when i cut it out of my diet it improved but did n't completely fix the problem .
he seemed like he was always eating constantly pooping too .
and he would also struggle and get fussy while he was eating but screamed when i took the boob away .
after doing a little research i found that i was over producing milk so i had a large volume low fat feed that goes through the baby so quickly that not all the lactose is digested .
i basically had to switch from on demand to block-feedings .
so i had to switch boobs every 4 hours so the fat and milk supply builds up .
this happens when we oversupply and switch between breasts too soon and here are some symptoms i found online if you wanted to look out for it
a breastfed baby 's bowel motions can be liquid frothy or 'explosive ' shoot out with force and have a slightly offensive odor .
a formula-fed baby 's bowel motions tend to be sloppy and foul smelling .
baby gains large amounts of weight which is not the case when a baby is lactose intolerant .
baby is usually less than 3 months old but in some cases this problem can continue up to the age of 5-6 months .
the baby might also spit up or regurgitate milk not due to lactose overload but rather overfeeding which causes symptoms of lactose overload .
so my laptop had 8 gb ram for last couple of years .
when i had 50 chrome tabs open the laptop would normally choke and usage will be 95
so i added 8 more gigs but now even with 10-15 chrome tabs the usage with 10gb out of 16gb .
for example mitsutoki shigeta was aiming to have up to a 1000 babies but they stopped him and he did n't get to make that many .
i wonder if surrogate mothers give birth to more babies than the average woman .
as the title says the remote is n't completely destroyed the directional pad wo n't go to the right it registers an input as clicking the middle button .
forgot to mention i think i have a third or second hen apple tv i got it a very long time ago .
what are my options to get to settings so i can pair my iphone to my apple tv ?
pak army sets world record by deploying tanks at 12,000 feet above sea level https propakistani.pk/2019/01/07/pak-army-sets-world-record-by-deploying-tanks-at-12000-feet-above-sea-level
pakistan 's army has made a world record by deploying tanks on the highest elevation level of 12,000 feet above sea level .
this is the feat that has remained unaccomplished otherwise .
the tanks made their way to brekh muhammad kandao pass a part of the koh-e-safed which is 3,176 meters above the sea level and is opposite to torra bora mountains of afghanistan 's nangarhar province .
pakistan says uae 's financial assistance to shore up economy https profit.pakistantoday.com.pk/2019/01/07/pakistan-says-uaes-financial-assistance-to-shore-up-economy
a loan facility from the united arab emirates uae will help cash-starved pakistan bridge a yawning current account deficit and shore up foreign reserves pakistan 's chief government spokesman said on monday .
the uae 's crown prince sheikh mohammed bin zayed al nahyan visited islamabad on sunday and confirmed a 3 billion loan package first announced last month .
the 3 billion package which has already been announced was formalized the government 's top spokesman information minister fawad chaudhry told a news conference .
japanese ambassador to pakistan takashi kurai paid a farewell call on adviser to prime minister on commerce abdul razak dawood on monday and discussed bilateral relations .
they agreed to promote investment and trade relations between the two countries and also discussed matters pertaining to easy access of pakistani products to the japanese markets .
the adviser appreciated the japanese envoy 's efforts for the promotion of trade relations between the two countries .
japanese businessmen apprised of pakistan 's investor-friendly policies https profit.pakistantoday.com.pk/2019/01/07/japanese-businessmen-apprised-of-pakistans-investor-friendly-policies
pakistan japan business forum pjbf took a business delegation comprising several business groups and small medium enterprises smes to the 8th joint business dialogue in tokyo which was followed by government-to-business g2b and government-to-government g2g dialogues .
the pakistani delegation was headed by pjbf chairman sohail p ahmed while the japanese business delegation was led by japan pakistan business cooperation committee jpbcc and marubeni corporation chairman teruo asada according to a statement issued on monday .
advisor on commerce textile industry production and investment abdul razak dawood represented pakistan whereas parliamentary vice minister of economy trade and industry meti akimasa ishikawa represented the government of japan .
the dialogue was followed by a seminar by the japan external trade organization jetro and later by one-on-one meetings with various japanese conglomerates and infrastructure support companies including sme support and japan productivity centre .
govt targets 5.8pc growth rate in 12th five-year plan https profit.pakistantoday.com.pk/2019/01/07/govt-targets-5-8pc-growth-rate-in-12th-five-year-plan
the 12th five-year plan drafted by the previous government of pakistan muslim league-nawaz pml-n is all set to be launched with a projection of 5.8pc growth in the gross domestic product gdp during 2018-23 .
according to officials of the ministry of planning the five-year plan with 5.8pc gdp growth has been projected on the basis of 3.6pc average growth in agriculture 6.1pc in industry and 6.8pc in the services sector .
the previous government when the plan was drafted had projected the economic growth at an average rate of 6.7pc .
during a meeting at the planning ministry on monday it was informed that consolidation period of the plan is expected to be over by next fiscal year and gdp growth would start picking up from the current envisaged at 4.2pc to 7pc during the terminal year of the five-year plan .
the meeting was apprised that a draft of the plan was ready and would be launched after an approval from the competent forum .
upcoming second mini-budget to be defining moment for economy https tribune.com.pk/story/1882854/2-upcoming-second-mini-budget-defining-moment-economy
the second mini-budget which is in the offing will be a defining moment this month said elixir securities director research hamad aslam .
stakeholders – including industrialists foreign and domestic investors in different productive sectors of the economy and stock-market players – are anxiously waiting for the announcement to shape their future investment divestment and production plans accordingly .
they expect the pti government to deliver hoping it will chalk out a comprehensive economic roadmap to transform the import-reliant economy into one that is based on exports in order to achieve sustainable growth in coming years .
it is expected to unveil a comprehensive economic policy paper once it finalises a bailout programme with the imf in the near future aslam said .
it will manage to turn around the economy in the next two to three years and the much-needed growth will not depend on the mounting unsustainable debt.
the senate standing committee on interior on monday discussed the heartbreaking incident of rape and murder of a three-year-old child in abbottabad and recommended public hanging for people committing such heinous crimes .
the committee meeting chaired by senator rehman malik also called for awarding seven-year-imprisonment and imposing rs3.5 million fine on people found involved in child pornography .
earlier khyber pakhtunkhwa k-p deputy inspector general dig alam khan shinwari briefed the committee about the tragedy that took place in tehsil havelian of abbottabad and said the police are working day and night to identify the murderer .
kaká and luis figo to unveil world soccer stars 2019 in pakistan https tribune.com.pk/multimedia/videos/1881501
saudi government announces huge scholarships for pakistani students https timesofislamabad.com/07-jan-2019/saudi-government-announces-huge-scholarships-for-pakistani-students
saudi government in collaboration with higher education commission will provide fully-funded scholarships to 583 pakistani students this year .
hec sources told app that the commission has invited applications from talented students of pakistan and azad jammun and kashmir for studying opportunities in saudi arabia .
in a first pti government to launch naya pakistan housing authority https timesofislamabad.com/07-jan-2019/in-a-first-pti-government-to-launch-naya-pakistan-housing-authority
ministry of housing and works along with housing task force has expedited the work to prepare draft for the establishment of new pakistan housing authority npha which would be presented for cabinet approval during the ongoing month .
a draft for the establishment of real estate regulatory authority would also be prepared within a week and to be presented in the ongoing month the official sources told app on monday adding that it would separate the regularly work from that of development .
state bank of pakistan the sources said has also proposed interest rates proposed for this housing project which would be reviewed by the members of the housing task force soon .
interior minister responds over arrest of his nephew in drugs case https timesofislamabad.com/07-jan-2019/interior-minister-responds-over-arrest-of-his-nephew-in-drugs-case
minister of state for interior shehryar afridi has responded over the media reports of arrest of his nephew over drugs possession .
he said that action will be taken against anyone caught with drugs even if it 's his ‘nephew ' .
speaking to the media in islamabad afridi said his father married thrice and that he is from a big family .
when a journalist asked him whether talal nadir afridi who was arrested on drug charges on december 11 was his nephew afridi said whoever he is action will be taken against him according to the law .
ruet e hilal committee pti government to take historic decision https timesofislamabad.com/07-jan-2019/ruet-e-hilal-committee-pti-government-to-take-historic-decision
pakistan tehrik-e-insaf pti government is reportedly disbanding the ruet-e-hilal moon sighting committee at all levels .
there are reports on local media that the pti government had decided to discontinue the committee which for years has been led by mufti muneeb-ur-rehman .
the alleged decision has been taken in the wake of ‘controversial ' decisions by the committee on the moon sightings which according to the report caused millions of rupees to the national exchequer .
79 hindu couples tie the knot in mass hindu wedding ceremony in karachi https timesofislamabad.com/07-jan-2019/79-hindu-couples-tie-the-knot-in-mass-hindu-wedding-ceremony-in-karachi
pakistan hindu council phc on sunday organised the 11th mass hindu wedding ceremony at city 's railway ground .
according to mna dr ramesh kumar vankwani founder and patron of the phc this year 79 hindu couples got married in another colourful ceremony .
he added that many prominent dignitaries belonging to different walks of life were invited to bless the couples .
he said the purpose of the gathering was also to help the poor families who were unable to bear expenses of wedding .
pakistan post to initiate e-commerce and financial services https timesofislamabad.com/07-jan-2019/pakistan-post-to-initiate-e-commerce-and-financial-services
pakistan post is all set to initiate e-commerce and financial services to cater to the customers ' requirements according to changing communication market .
an official of pakistan post told app that the postal reform-agenda envisages re-branding of all post offices and mobile money solution .
the official said pakistan post has set up model post office at g-8 markaz islamabad and soon other post offices would also be modernized on similar lines .
sheheryar afridi has said the government has retrieved 80 kanal out of 240 kanal grabbed land of quaid-e-azam university and efforts are underway to acquire the remaining land .
federal government released rs 225 billion under psdp for various mega projects https timesofislamabad.com/07-jan-2019/federal-government-released-rs-225-billion-under-psdp-for-various-mega-projects
the federal government has released rs 225.412 billion against the total allocation of rs 675 billion under its public sector development programme psdp 2018-19 for various ongoing and new schemes .
the released funds include rs 85.625 billion for federal ministries rs 111 billion for corporations and rs 19.2 billion for special areas according to a data released by ministry of planning development and reform on monday .
a list of the projects is given in the article .
pakistan stock exchange has made remarkable gain of 3 percent highest rise in two and half months on expectations united arab emirates promised to increase investment portfolio in pakistan and would work on number of projects to help boost economy .
stock market gained sharply by 1014 points to close at 38562 points with gainers led the column where 201 companies showed plus signs as against 102 witnessed minus signs .
elixir securities director research hamad aslam said that the exuberance was led by positive developments on financing the external account deficit after conclusion of a successful visit by the crown prince of uae .
pti government prepares first ever water conservation policy in the history of pakistan https timesofislamabad.com/07-jan-2019/pti-government-prepares-first-ever-water-conservation-policy-in-the-history-of-pakistan
pakistan council of research in water resources pcrwr has finalized the draft of first ever water conservation bill ' which would be soon tabled in the national assembly .
this was disclosed by pcrwr chairman dr aslam tahir while talking to app on monday .
the draft of the bill has been prepared in consultation with all the stakeholders at federal and provincial level and will serve as catalyst to the cause of water conservation in the country which is direly needed at this time he said .
he said the draft bill is yet to be submitted to the ministry for final approval which will be possible only after the appointment of minister of science and technology .
he said pcrwr was taking a number of measures for water conservation and educating farmers through its advisory sms service about optimal usage of water has yielded very positive outcomes .
kp government completes work on construction of kundal dam https timesofislamabad.com/07-jan-2019/kp-government-completes-work-on-construction-of-kundal-dam
khyber pakhtunkhwa government has completed work on construction of kundal dam in district buner .
a spokesman of pakhtunkhwa energy development organization told radio pakistan peshawar correspondent that the project has been completed at a cost of more than two point three billion rupees .
it will irrigate more than thirteen thousand acres of barren land .
saudi crown prince to arrive in pakistan with big investment package https timesofislamabad.com/07-jan-2019/saudi-crown-prince-to-arrive-in-pakistan-with-big-investment-package
saudi crown prince mohammad bin salman would arrive in the country in the first week of february and an mou for establishing a petro-chemical complex was still being worked out on the request of riyadh .
pakistan has already received 2bn in cash deposit from saudi arabia at an interest rate of 3.18pc while the third tranche of 1bn is due in the first week of february .
the saudi oil facility would also start rolling out this month with an average 274 million per month .
660mw cphgc power plant connected to national grid https www.dawn.com/news/1454778
the china power hub generation company cphgc has successfully synchronised one of its two 660mw coal-fired power plants with the national grid the company announced on monday .
the synchronisation of the first unit was achieved ahead of schedule and was realised within the agreed technical parameters said the company release .
after the commencement of commercial operations at cphgc the project will add 9 billion kwh of electricity of the national grid every year meeting electricity needs of 4 million households in the country .
peshawar mor to iia govt releases rs1 billion for metro bus extension project https tribune.com.pk/story/1881851/1-peshawar-mor-iia-govt-releases-rs1-billion-metro-bus-extension-project
nearly six months on from its last completion date expired the government has released around a billion rupees in hopes that the cash injection will provide the impetus to extend the metro bus project from peshawar morr to the new islamabad international airport iia .
the money has been released under the public sector development programme psdp 2018-19 .
the government had planned to build the 25.6-kilometre extension of the metro bus to the new airport to facilitate travellers who otherwise complain of high cab fares between rs500 to rs1,200 .
implementation of gwadar master plan to increase employment kamal https arynews.tv/en/gwadar-master-plan-employment-kamal
chief minister balochistan mir jam kamal khan has said that implementation of gwadar master plan would lead to increase the employment opportunities and accelerate construction work and developmental activities in the city ary news reported on monday .
this he stated while presiding over a high level meeting in quetta here today .
the meeting also gave approval for the transformation of gwadar from the municipal committee to the status of the metropolitan corporation .
the participants of the meeting reviewed proposed amendments to be adopted in the local government act balochistan .
pm imran makes surprise visits to hospital shelter home in rawalpindi https arynews.tv/en/pm-imran-makes-surprise-visits-to-hospital-shelter-home-in-rawalpindi
prime minister imran khan on monday made surprise visits to district headquarter hospital and shelter home in rawalpindi .
pm imran khan accompanied by federal health minister aamer mehmood kiani arrived at the district headquarter hospital in rawalpindi and inquired about the facilities being provided to the patients .
during his visit pm imran khan met with the patients and inquired about their health and other issues .
he visited various sections of the hospital and was briefed by the hospital 's administration about the facilities .
the prime minister directed the authorities to provide best medical facilities to the patients and take measures for the latest facilities in the hospital .
canvas although i think pictures you take with the compass sights can be used so could always overwrite one of them
tattoos perhaps with marking of where the straps are covering when not wearing armour .
any kind of templates really to work from tbh .
i was wondering why the graphic adapter card is listed as unclaimed '' by lshw yet there is an image on my monitor .
i 've heard about framebuffers but should n't there be a driver listed like fbdev or vesa ?
i think its weird to have a working well at least used device listed as unclaimed '' when theres most definitively a driver using the framebuffer .
thanks to any kernel dev or other who know more .
how strict are the enforcements against taking cs 173 and 225 at the same time for ece majors ?
i 'm a current ee major with a strong interest in software and i 'm trying to take cs 225 before junior year for internships .
i 'm pretty worried because there seems to be a good chance given that i started with ece 110 that i wo n't be able to .
edit if there are any suggestions about what i could do in lieu of taking 173 and 225 together that would be more than welcome ...
i know this topic has been discussed many times on this reddit and elsewhere but i 've got many different answers so i wanted to ask here .
i 've joined public matches hopeing to be able to do it but the people i join do n't even open doors until round 10 even then they only buy starting door which leaves me trying to spend 4k per door .
has anyone experimented with adjusting the controls to feel like bfi ?
the default controls are way too sensitive especially when aiming .
do we get contacted when we get the answer right .
and do we get the answer by posting questions and/or by analysing feedback ?
or what should we do when we get the answer or we might understand what to do when we solve it .
this helps to explain the purpose of purity or one purpose .
when we are pure it 's a way of worshipping the creator rather than the created .
when we flip it around and idolize the created we have lost sight of the creator .
be encouraged by the example person and love of christ let us then with confidence draw near to the throne of grace and find that we may receive mercy and find grace to help in time of need. hebrews 4:16
i am heading to ireland with my girlfriend in july this year for her grandma 's 80th .
we are hoping to hire a car for the 20 days we are there so we can see the sites and do the things .
what are the best tips to save on the under 25 'young drivers ' surcharge or just save full stop .
also any tips on things to do places to be places to see !
i seem to remember seeing a poster or t-shirt of all taylors from end of lwymmd video lined up .
any idea what i am talking about or a link to it ?
parts list https uk.pcpartpicker.com/list/qrjq8y price breakdown by merchant https uk.pcpartpicker.com/list/qrjq8y/by_merchant
i offered to build a pc for a friend .
i used choosemypc to show her parts lists and budgets and she decided on the above setup so i got it ordered and sat down on friday to build it .
built the mobo up with the cpu ram cpu and mobo power connectors outside the case and tried to fire it up ... nothing .
i jiggled the power connectors and got it to boot so i assumed i had n't seated them properly .
i put it in the case attached the ssd/hdd graphics card fans etc ... nothing .
checked it was n't shorting on anything afaik it is n't and removed a weird standoff that did n't have a hole for a screw in it in case it was touching the mobo .
i put the board back in and again nothing at all when i try to turn it on barring once where it seemed to run as you 'd expect .
i turned it off so i could put it back on the floor and put the sides on so i could start installing windows and it stopped turning on again .
the cpu fan is plugged in properly the power is seated properly at both ends the ram is seated properly ...
i really do n't know what i 'm doing wrong .
i 'm really losing my patience now because it 's not like it 's not turning on at all ... it is just not very often .
i do n't think it 's the psu as if it was it would n't turn on at all but i do n't know what it could be .
i do n't think it 's shorting on the case either and i made sure not to zap anything with static as well .
i 've got another psu i can try but it 's well cabled tied into my bitfenix prodigy and honestly i would really rather avoid taking the whole thing apart unless i absolutely need to as it took me hours to do in the first place .
we custom build the lists based on the marketing campaign and various target demographics to help our clients expand reach to a more specific target audience who are most likely to buy their product or service .
hej jag har en massa kläder jag inte använder och tänkte skänka bort men har ingen aning om vart .
nån som vet ett bra ställe man kan göra det på i stockholm ?
i scored 169 on the quant and 160 on the verbal section of the gre .
is it good enough for the top 30 schools for an ms ?
9.33/10 cgpa ranked 1 among batch of 80 from a top 15 university in india
multiple extracurriculars organizer of one of india 's first hackathons
dolomite powder offered by earth minechem http www.earthminechem.com/dolomite is high on demand in the market .
we provide dolomite powder http www.earthminechem.com/dolomite to the customer as per their requirements .
dolomite chips http www.earthminechem.com/dolomite is use in various industries such as in steel manufacturing .
weight loss stories includes stories from people from the age of high school to those in middle age .
they are intensely personal with the highs of triumph and the desperation of deep challenge .
we see how people lost weight and the ensuing mostly wonderful changes in their lives .
i 'm looking for around 220 preferably unsoldered r11 67g zilents because i absolutely hate the v2 zilents ...
willing to buy or trade for 220 v2 67g zilents i got from md .
i absolutely despise the new v2 's because of the lack of pre-travel before the bump and i 'm only looking to trade for now .
this is the best project i 've ever seen on the internet !
do n't miss your chance to earn profit from this great project .
crypto lucre lcr bitcoin cryptocurrency btc tradingcrypto tokensale https www.lucretoken.com
i 've recently changed the motherboard on my computer and the new one does n't have ide support
i 've tried installing arch but after the installation is done the disk is not recoginzed as uefi and if i try to boot in legacy mode arch simply wo n't start i 've dug around and discovered that it 's something related to the fact i 've used grub as a bootloader that does n't support ahci or at least on some computers .
edit i 've resolved by using systemd-boot instead of grub i had secured boot disabled so if you have my same issue check for that in the mobo option
want to try this game today but whenever i create a new profile/character it crashes when the loading bar is at 75 .
i 'm designing a small machine that is basically an led with heatsink mounted on a disk .
i want to rotate this disk at high speed and now i need to calculate the torque i need to select the right pulleys and motor .
i was never good at math so if someone could help me out with the calculation i would really appreciate it !
here is a drawing of the machine imgur https imgur.com/4ixgeqg
the disk is balanced at the center using a counterweight .
the shaft is mounted on two bearings with a pulley inbetween going to the drivetrain .
the speed will be constant when it 's at the desired rpm the acceleration time does n't have to be that fast .
now how to calculate the required n to bring this up to 1200rpm ?
i kind of forced my friend to start playing league but i have literally no idea how i could teach him the basics bc they are so common for me .
global b2b contacts is a leading provider of quality business to business and information technology mailing email and telemarketing lists .
cryptocurrency has been the latest buzz everywhere in nowday .
success as the first cryptocurrency that has proved every financial expert wrong .
as we now this crypto currency leader brought different point of view almost on everething
within quicktime bitoin surpassed several assets to touch 300b market cap in dec 2017 .
not only that bitcoin paved way for multiple currencies to follow .
than 1000 crypto currencies running successfully in the market .
that bitcoin paved way for multiple currencies to follow .
however the key to success of bitcoin is its underlying technology the blockchain
according to marketsandmarkets the global blockchain market was valued at 286.74 bln
this value is expected to touch 7683.7 bln by 2023 growing at a whopping cagr of
systems are the key factors that are driving blockchian technology .
europe regions hold a market share of 40 while the asia pacific accounts for 10 .
contact my author u/solodas to rant about how you hate this bot and how it should be banned .
weve had rap in the 00s hip hop from like 08 to 13 now its trap so like wtf ?
you are the type of person to just move field goals whenever you look or sound dumb .
she said on the reunion they waited a year and a half for the k-1 visa .
so he was engaged to a teenager and he was 30ish .
to call that and white spring endgame is so depressing .
they better figure out the new dlc and a new real endgame quick .
also then need to ban dupers with a million items in their inventory before player vendors .
contact my author u/solodas to rant about how you hate this bot and how it should be banned .
i mean to be fair we picked 6th in 2016 draft and had the same record as the team that drafted 5th
plus mobile gamers are much more accepting of predatory micro transactions .
this honestly the single biggest thing in all of this .
many low-quality games that the vast majority of pc and console consumers would reject can thrive on mobile because the audience is accepting of them .
there are many well off players who actually prefer gacha games with p2w mechanics because guess what they enjoy buying power and prestige within a game 's community .
and if they were to switch titles they could only catch up by spending a lot of money too .
so other gacha titles that do n't offer that are n't an option .
if you were to develop one of this monster/hero gacha titles and only had cosmetic microtransactions you might actually lose out on those key whale players .
on mobile so i ca n't post the link right now but i saved a great essay breaking down chomsky co. 's intellectual dishonesty in downplaying the cambodian genocide and the crimes of the khmer rouge and how the matter clearly demonstrates that his propaganda model of media is unfounded .
it is long but informative and well sourced http www.mekong.net/cambodia/chomsky.htm .
will be cool to try to line them up with the rest of them .
i have the hyperx cloud ii headset and its awesome .
i 'm pretty sure it 's less than 100 now as well .
i am pretty sure that you can play flagelants in an admech army .
you just have to dedicate a whole detachment to them wich means you have to either take more units from their faction to fill the detachment or suffer some realy annoying restrictiona or losses in terms of availabe tactics .
as i said there has to just be one keyword that everyone in the army has and one additional one that everyone in a detachment has .
i can understand the frustration of going from self-employed to government employed but this is a system that needs to be properly regulated .
it 's not exactly like there 's massive overhead to shift .
most of these examiners require you to supply your own vehicle .
but i 'm going to guess the govt will pro-rate the new fees for existing instructors .
and this year we know baker is legit and we need a coach who can work with him .
the actual game play itself '' with no reference to which is which .
the only points in that comment that are indisputable facts are that he put conservative sc justices in and that he signed a prison reform bill .
i ca n't even imagine how a pickled watermelon would taste and it 's bothering me .
people running in labs with no gear are not there for guns/ammo/grenades .
pretty fucking sweet when media and entertainers that have nothing to do with news reporting become fucking walter chronkite or however the hell you spell that name and start really reporting all the hard news and facts when obama isnt in office
wish thry always did their fucking jobs rather than just when they dislike the person in power 😒
whenever i hear about kosher phones i imagine ultra orthodox people eating mobile phones screens circuitboards and all just like when i saw that the detergent for the washing machine was kosher .
i was imagining an ultra orthodox mother thanking god the detergent powder was kosher with one of her 7 children dying in front of her due to poisoning from eating the detergent .
also sounds like he was annoyed his friends called 911 and made it worse '' .
you put them in a bad situation in the first place and now it 's their fault ?
it 's the cheryl ladd collection and i got it from jc penny ... on sale .
focused aggregated work is a lot more effective than sporadic giving .
it 's a similar thing when people load up trailers with supplies to drive to areas affected by wildfire and etc .
it 's a 1000 admirable instinct but by far the best thing to do is to donate cash or the goods specifically requested by an organization working close to the scene so they can allocate resources how they 're needed most efficiently .
dont listen to the reddit elitists i watched all the anime way before i touched the manga anime gets people real into stories so i definitely recommend the anime first and with fillers .
when you are bingeing it you dont mind the pace as much most people here watch week to week when theres new episodes so that makes the pace horrific .
have a blast watching it im very jealous you get to start from the beginning !
and i have honestly no sense of style but i have been trying to work on that too
he could have offered as little as 20 a month 10 a month anything .
i get why he did n't but i also get why she would be upset .
you can spend 35 on equipment and 3 on install for 1-2 big things or you can spend 8 on equipment and 30 on install for dozens of small things .
mine looks nearly as scratched up as my 1 yr old s3 already and it 's been a month with my s4 .
i 'm a bit dissatisfied with the damage showing already .
i have n't been particularly rough with it either .
colion noir is a big proponent of black gun ownership and talks about it often .
he is n't quick to comment on ois though .
i do n't know what the percentage actually is and oddly i have not thought about it .
not left intentionally but i found a hardware store catalog from the early 1960 's a flyer for a cleaning company and another for a contractor .
ugh yeah i know i would do the same but i guess he 's just been through a lot and she had helped him through that so he did n't want to lose her .
also i guess technically she did n't do anything towards me .
just disrespected our relationship but he keeps telling me that if i understood the friendship i would understand why it 's ok .
honestly though i do n't even know if that 's something i want to understand .
why are you looking at ints to justify performance lol that 's like some really antiquated shit .
darrelle revis was an all pro with 0 ints one season .
one of the complaints about the unit is a lack of turnovers .
i also was looking at ff there just were n't really any .
i did n't see anything jump out at me from the stats that said there were crazy improvements .
so in your mind our defense did so well this year that the only change we needed to make in the coaching staff was porter ?
i know exactly whats going on but god damn it still impresses me
i can see it filling with water and dragging this guy down .
just wait by this time next year you 'll have 50tb and a virtual machine solely dedicated to rcloning backups to three different cloud service providers !
it is and has been happening on a national scale for decades .
contact my author u/solodas to rant about how you hate this bot and how it should be banned .
there 's a big box https boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/255262/agricola-all-creatures-big-and-small-big-box now which includes both expansions for a very reasonable price https www.boardgameprices.com/prices/agricolaallcreaturebigsmall e2 80 93bigbox .
mason was probably my favorite band in high school .
i have a bunch of demos and unreleased stuff if you pm me i 'll share it
contact my author u/solodas to rant about how you hate this bot and how it should be banned .
guy coming at me with a knife screaming '' i am gon na cut you mother fucker '' .
next thing i know he 's on top of me knife plunging towards my heart .
i stop it just as it pearced my skin .
a hooker knocked him off of me with a large pocket book .
also choked at home alone on a piece of not done yet steak drunk .
i punched myself in the stomach as hard as i could it worked .
maybe it has n't kicked on enough amongst young folks .
or maybe money and travel issues are preventing them from doing the turkish and south korean ones ?
my mom hated her sister and is probably glad she 's dead barely talks to her brother .
and my parents constantly talk crap about my dad 's sister .
also mine now that you mention it to me have pearl buttons .
also upper part of the mouth is too thin but it 's a very small flaw
since your cap is science i suggest reading the wiki to find which resource grants you more science .
your submission was removed because it does not include a required post flair in the title .
please ensure your post falls in line with our rules https www.reddit.com/r/duellinks/about/rules along with flairing your submission properly see below then resubmit it with the appropriate flair .
atleast one of the following flairs are now mandatory for post submission discussion suggestion fluff news deck duel replay competitive oc art art kog meme shitpost
deck look at this sweet otk deck i came up with !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/duellinks if you have any questions or concerns .
i have tried trying to match my steps but never with the varying intensities like that !
my dog did this same thing to the neighbor 's yorkie .
you mean turn all the graphic packs off or what ?
i would guess they spell it will and just have the double meaning there for people who know what the whill stuff is .
contact my author u/solodas to rant about how you hate this bot and how it should be banned .
from what i 've seen he provides some insightful and articulated arguments on various issues .
i 'm assuming you have n't actually spent any time listening to him though .
here 's the thing i actually did he does n't have any theoretical basis on what he says .
i do n't throw this terms loosely because i do n't want them to lost their meaning but he is indeed a race realist and a white supremacist and the lenghts he will go with his mental gymnastics are absurd .
women who choose the assholes will fucking end this race .
they will fucking end this human race if we do n't start holding them a-fucking-countable .
all the cold-hearted jerks who run the world came out of the vaginas of women who married assholes and i do n't know how to make the world a better place without holding women accountable for choosing assholes !
your dad was an asshole because your mother chose him because it works*on so many women !
if asshole '' was n't a great reproductive strategy it would have been gone long ago .
they protect it with their bodies ... keep fucking monsters we get catastrophes we get war we get nuclear weapons we get national debts we get incarcerations and prison guards and all the other florid assholes who rule the world .
women worship at the feet of the devil and wonder why the world is evil .
i do n't even know where to begin from the begining i supose ...
he is a self-appointed libertarian yet he comes with this nice guy '' bullshit which is some of the least libertarian someone can say .
the tragic fact of business is that ordinary africans were better off under colonialism .
colonial masters never committed anything near the murder and genocide seen under black rule in rwanda burundi uganda nigeria mozambique and other countries where millions of blacks have been slaughtered in unspeakable ways which include hacking to death boiling in oil setting on fire and dismemberment .
also something that an so called anarchist '' would never say .
so there goes the point that he have no intellectual integrity and is just a dude spilling bullshit on the internet to apease his retarded cultists he never presents any research or theoretical basis to his points never directly address any real word issues those are just the major red flags .
nah you carry so much stuff on your back .
contact my author u/solodas to rant about how you hate this bot and how it should be banned .
as a brit whose now lived here a few years things i like ...
the beach as mentioned before simply because expecting to lie in the sand back home in january is ludicrous .
good excuse for photographs to wind people up on facebook .
whenever my friend from london visits we always make sure to get at least a cubano in as it 's something he ca n't get back home .
not everyone loves 925 nuevos cubanos but i do .
if you want to try a range of cuban food you ca n't go wrong at padrinos lunch buffet .
it 's like 12 and really good my friend ordered it last time i 'll be certain getting it next time .
we 've got a good range of south american food places too but if you 're heading down there anyway i 'd skip on that .
head over to mass and the surrounding areas in the evening there 's a few fun places within walking distance of eachother perfect for an evenings sampling .
glitch is an arcade/beer bar that is all free to play original cabinets as well as some classic consoles .
beer punx is especially great if they have a gig on pretty much always free entry .
invasive species is a really good brewery bar and laser wolf is quite a hipstery craft beer bar too .
obviously if beer is n't your thing this might not be the area for you mind !
just uber to one of these places and you can easily get to the others .
there 's also another outdoor bar called rhythm and vine that always goes down well that 's not far away always enjoy going there .
they usually have a food truck set up and there 's usually one outside glitch too for quick snacks .
another walkable bar area is himmarshee which has a selection of eateries and more regular less hipster/independent bars as well as a museum a walkable riverfront area albeit partially closed due to construction and a big theatre .
walkability is n't our strong point here so prepare to drive or uber to places .
something i like to do with people from out of town/country is get an electric boat tour in the intercoastals .
up to 6 can hire privately but you can always get open spots on the boats .
they basically tour you around the super rich areas so you can gawk at the multimillion dollar mansions and even more expensive mega yachts .
they 'll tell you who owns them and the history of the area etc .
there 's also the water taxi that goes up and down a similar area which is fun too .
if you have anything in particular you like doing i 'm sure we can help further or if there 's anything a fellow brits perspective can help with just let me know .
right now i 've got the barracks at unbelievably impressive '' which is giving me 4 and i 'm getting another 3 from the spacious buff .
dining and rec are the same place so i get 7 for each of those as well without putting in more work .
i keep population low and everyone is spread out so i 'm not getting disturbed sleep on anyone .
what a shitty expose or whatever the hell this video was supposed to be
we dont know and we cant tell what the issue is and have no idea whats to be done about it.here is some footage of trains instead along with a couple of stats that are already widely publicized and quite well known by anyone who has ever seen a train in their life . ''
if he works for the money that the koch brothers give him then he is officially a right wing propagandist .
just look at what the koch brothers are all about .
as for hurting financially that really depends on his lifestyle .
i know because my father was a university professor .
if he wants more money and works as a right wing propagandist to make more then that 's fine .
you just have to take that into consideration when evaluating what he says .
me at any family function where there are children running around screaming .
according to this special on mlb network last year 's indians team started the alds with an entire starting lineup of former all-stars .
kinda shows how super teams '' are barely a thing in the mlb compared to the nba .
and shows how production can decline quickly after being an all star .
not the best example but i thought it was interesting .
i urge you to look at this twitter account specifically his comments about this case and check out how some people hope for and thrive upon white on black crime .
he used this event as an example of what he calls the melanin war '' between black and white people .
look at how his fans call white people neanderthals '' and cave people '' and beasts '' etc .
hell he 's using this new r kelly doc as an example of how some black people cater to white supremacy and that its just a distraction from white supremacists attacking black people .
this is just another example of one side whether black or white republican or democrat religious or atheist using an even that they think went their way to promote their cause .
just because someone calls out the incredibly inaccurate reporting that some media outlets and activists did does n't make them a racist .
you ca n't trade butterflies specifically you can only share them back and forth in the gardens .
so someone could share 9 butterflies but you only catch 3 and that 's how it goes !
when the tall guy suddenly stoops in the doorway in it follows
yeah that 's what i always think with these public figures .
we all know there are loads of racists homophobes etc .
out there but it takes a level of stupidity to think that nothing bad will come from publicly announcing these views .
i feel bad for the authors who already have this douche on their covers .
i heard some readers do n't want to read those books anymore .
tt grey knights wo n't stop being shit with primaris methinks
taehyung aka the handsome photobomber photobombing hobi 's selcas episode 2 xd
i have no doubt that this was an irrigated farm .
i would n't expect yields to be very good .
that does n't mean someone did n't farm there but it would n't have been the best place to grow anything .
it makes me wonder more about the reasons someone choose to grow things there .
was it a trading post type location or a rest stop along the road ?
was it remote enough to make low yield rates worth it compared to buying crops that had to be hauled in from distant sources ?
hey at least we can be chinese together ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°
i think on medium settings you might just make it ...
here 's a video that might be relevant to your interests
edit he was running 16gb of ddr4-3200 ram with 2gb dedicated to the integrated graphics .
not sure how that would impact performance if you were looking to get by with 8gb of ddr4-3000 .
here are a few resources you might want to check out
well there are only 3 left to ask but he 'll probably say it was bush sr .
in seriousness i 'm a glasses wearer so i put my pills next to them so every morning when i put on my glasses the pills were right next to them .
i 'd put them next to something you always reach for phone charger toothbrush etc .
i do n't know if its different for women but my skin is incredibly clear when my e2 is running high .
especially if you take a look at teachers on instagram their rooms look like a hobby lobby clearance shelf and the teachers smile and shit rainbows all day .
sheer panic by sissy ass americans about all the deadly shit australia just introduced .
it 's a little dumb but supervising from the couch is n't so bad .
honestly ... how did i ever live without it haha
first time i 've ever agreed with something that war criminal bolton has said .
i had to read this way more times than i want to admit to realise it is n't called a zelda striped cheesecake .
the g7 still looks good but that shakey can is crazy compared to the 85 .
but along the lines of the drowned men being revived through cpr could n't qyburn 's necromancy also be akin to modern surgery practices i.e blood transfusion ?
that essence of the people he 'exhausted ' may just be him transferring the blood over to robert strong and additionally this would explain why it rarely works perhaps he got lucky with the blood types matching up with robert 's ?
not completely sure how this works irl but i think it would fail if they did n't share a blood type ?
i guessed that but i 've never seen a bun like that
it 's hard to enjoy a car if you know you should n't have bought it .
local news reported ... .workmen dug up a road a week before christmas closing the road both ways and seriously impacting local businesses in the run to christmas .
it was closed all over the festive period because ... ..the tarmac company closed for xmas break and therefore they could n't fill in the hole in the road !
i create introductions for mature adults seeking healthy and happy marriages .
my clients are renting my time and expertise in order reach happiness in a mongamous marriage .
i am not a penis purveyor nor a vagina vendor .
i do n't work for people who want to buy a girlfriend .
those are johns '' or marines on deployment and easy to spot during interviews .
i just discovered the watermelon flavor and i 'm in love .
these have basically eliminated leg cramps on the treads for me !
sabi ng guevarra 's full house na pero nagaaccommodate pa sila ng walk in .
pero in fairness worth it yung hintay kasi ang sarap ng pagkain .
why should he care how much it costs them ?
maybe we should just remember that the war is over and most of the living have nothing to do with these wars .
or we just keep hating countries for something that happened long before we were born done by people long dead
my experience in play testing was not only was i never resolving bookstone it was also a brick because i only ran 3 ritual spells because i did n't want to add bricks .
it 's inherently harder to resolve it 's reveal effect but that 's gone now in savage strike because of the generic ritual spell .
x admitted to most of the reports a long time ago .
he admitted it on audio that he had no idea existed .
later on the person in possession of the audio provided it either to investigators or the media .
x himself has historically denied the allegations or cleverly dodged them .
every single song in which he cried about some girl ruining his life such as carry on and ayala .
last time i wifed a bitch she told the world i beat her . ''
somebody below straight up provided audio ironically in defense of x in which he 100 denies it and blames her injuries on random people jumping '' her .
post 2016 he largely avoided questions about it and attempted damage control with charity when revelations of it got too public after pitchfork leaked the affidavit in late 2017 .
come on now do n't bring logic into it .
just tell your partners that you do n't like staying overnight which they will be fine with then stay overnight anyway which will probably confuse them but what the hell then sneak out overnight because that is n't awkward .
it is just about the most counter productive thing i have ever read but it 's not awkward .
the point is that we already realized how wrong it was and we stopped it .
me and you just like most people in the countries view it as an awful thing .
it 's happening right now in qatar and the point of the protests is for it to stop .
we 're all humans and we 're all going to do things like these at some stage but it 's important to understand that and put an end to it .
totally agree with your argument about catalonia but i do n't think it 's as bad .
you just pay gardner for your spot on the magic quadrant .
i send this cartoon to any of my friends when they lose a dog .
i use photoshop to change the names to personalize it with respect to the original artist .
all i know is she 's a domestic short hair .
1 un mur surveillé avec des miradors surélévés est la solution la plus intelligente mais tu m'a l'air buté donc on va arrêter la ...
et pas que cela m'enchante particulièrement trump sera réélu car les démocrates n'ont aucun candidat légitime et surtout si ils continuent dans leur intersectionnailté victimaire et raciste ... mais c'est contre les racist cis white male '' donc on a le droit ...
if your in the us that is some early morning office .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
knew it was coming still laughed when it happened .
installing is allowed so is using an answer file .
considering how cheap one vl is i 'm often surprised at how many people try to avoid it .
ich kann mir aussuchen mit wem ich über was in welchem kontext rede .
um mich mit jedem dödel aufzuhalten fehlt mir die zeit und lust .
falls sich jemensch anderes findet der das machen möchte ist das schön .
klar darfst du das aber du hast es so dargestellt dass seine aussage ihn objektiv nicht dialogfähig machen würde nicht dass du keine lust auf so eine diskussion hast .
was vereinzelt auf irgendwelchen amerikanischen campussen abgeht ist noch längst kein indiz dafür was der ganze rest der bewegung macht .
ich geh einfach nicht mehr darauf ein weil mich das nicht interessiert und soweit ich das beurteilen kann null relevanz für die deutsche debatte hat .
das ist nunmal leider kein strohmann sondern eine meinung die es inzwischen sogar in die größeren publikationen wie everydayfeminism salon slate etc etc schafft und dort auch schlicht falschinformation streut .
der bezug zum deutschen besteht aus deutschen bekannten feministinnen wie stokowski wizorek oder der hemgameh die mit etwas zeitverzug den brisanten unsinn nachplappern .
dir ist aber schon bewusst worum es ging oder ?
aufmerksamkeit dafür erzeugen wie weit verbreitet sexuelle belästigung und/oder übergriffe im alltag sind .
wenn ich mir die stories von freundinnen anhöre was die alles über sich ergehen lassen müssen läufts mir kalt den rücken runter .
man kann sich jetzt natürlich beschweren das eine oder andere sei nicht genug repräsentiert innerhalb der debatte und das zu recht aber dass dieses thema überhaupt mal großflächig aufgegriffen und diskutiert wird ist schon mal ein großer fortschritt .
das war den leuten nur vorher schon bekannt weil absolut jeder schon mal opfer sexueller belästigung und übergriffen wurde .
stories könnte dir auch ein mann erzählen in meiner schule wurde beispielsweise ein kerl von einer klassenkameradin unter drogen gesetzt und vergewaltigt .
sie wurde von anderen partygängern gestört die wiederum nur mit dem handy aufgenommen haben .
montag nach der ersten stunde hatte dann jeder der ein bluetoothhandy hatte das videomaterial und das opfer hatte den ganzen spott .
niemand in der schule hat das mädchen für verantwortlich gehalten .
anekdoten sind aber auch keine argumente selbst wenn man sie pauschal als wahr bestätigt gibt es keinen weg festzustellen ob sie auch repräsentativ sind .
siehe auch das new york street harrassment video auch wenn das später als gefaked herausstellte .
es wird schon vor allem von leuten aufgegriffen die das alte prinzip mann täter frau opfer perpetrieren wollen und dafür gesetzesänderungen verlangen .
bevorzugung in schulen im allgemeinen grundschulunterricht im speziellen wird von frauen für mädchen ausgelegt wo jungs störenfriede sind .
hochjazzen von häuslicher gewalt zu einem verbrechen was nur von männern an frauen ausgeübt wird obwohl frauen 50 der täter sind .
einrichtung von frauenhäusern männerwohnheime sind für obdachlose und nicht für echte opfer die fliehen müssen .
gleichzeitig gesellschaftliche akzeptanz von von frauen ausgeübter gewalt in der öffentlichkeit .
attackiert ein mann eine frau kommen zu recht sofort leute zu hilfe andersrum finden das beistehende sogar lustig .
männern wird von kindheit an ihre nichtigkeit vorgehalten frauen verlassen ihre feel good blase nicht und werden zeit ihres lebens bestätigt .
damit will ich nicht sagen dass männer grundsätzlich frauen unterlegen sind sondern dass es für beide geschlechter leichte vor und nachteile gibt .
daraus die systematische unterdrückung eine der bestgestellten demografien der welt zu machen ist unehrlich .
if i can get more reapers to stay alive then there is 10 minutes to be saved at dhuum and i 've already been able to start dhuum at 1 hour 25 minutes once so without any tactics improvements there is already 15 minutes to shave off by just doing a cleaner run and getting a little luck at dhuum .
i used to have several magazines with pages stuck together .
you may submit another comment with a handle e.g .
example as long as it is not a hotlink .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aww if you have any questions or concerns .
but he was saying understanding what frame data is and how it works is important .
some of my russian-speaking family members say немношка rather than немного to mean a little '' but i 've never heard this version of the word anywhere else .
has anyone else heard or used the word немношка ?
i 'm in a new relationship with a man i like very very much .
he 's started opening up about his past in the last few times i 've seen him and he 's had a rough life that i 'm not going to get into .
i listen to everything he tells me and i try to support him to the best of my abilities .
the one thing is that he jokes about killing himself more than other people do .
it scares me because it 's somewhat founded on real feelings and because i can not ever imagine him doing something like that .
he uses them to cope in his own way and make light of the situation .
he made a joke recently and i started to cry and he apologized and said he would n't do it anymore .
so my question is should i not care about him making jokes like that ?
should i let him use it as his way to cope and put aside my own feelings ?
i do n't want him to think that he ca n't talk to me about it and i 'm worried that asking him to stop will close a door between us .
automatically use a stimpak when hit while health is 25 or less once every 60 second
when incapacitated gain a 50 chance to revive yourself with a stimpak once every minute
50 more damage when your target is below 40 health
50 more damage when your target is below 40 health
damage increases with the night and decreases with the day
reduce your target 's damage output by 20 for 3s
hey ethan all i have to say is thanks for doing what you do .
you most likely have no clue what your videos plus marks and jacks have done for me .
i do n't have the best mental health but i 've been getting better .
a setback is only a programmed response to your thoughts .
this past month i have manifested an incredible feat i also manifested a setback .
i was stuck in a department with colleagues who i despised .
these people in my mind were rotten petty would stab you in the back immature and i had nothing but contempt for these people .
i was stuck in this department for 1 year .
at the 7 month mark i had had enough .
i decided to envision a scenario in my mind where i cooperated in perfect accord with my coworkers .
i also envisioned being respected by my colleagues and having complete cooperation with them .
over the course of 3 weeks these visions became true and i started getting along with my colleagues .
at the end of 3 weeks a miracle happened .
out of nowhere i was removed from that department and placed in my dream department with colleagues who i was friends with .
but i owe it all to the power of the mind .
a few weeks later i was assigned to write a short but difficult essay to present on .
i dreaded writing this essay and trudged through it with angst and negativity .
due to a slip up in human error or a manifestation i saved over the file and deleted my work .
i had spent a whole day writing this essay and it was gone .
i wrote the essay in a state of resistance and passivity .
and through my own unconscious decisions i deleted the essay .
the lesson here is that a set back is only a result of what is in your mind .
your mind is like a computer it only obeys what you program it with .
the next time you have a setback look at your intentions .
looking to sell some more artisans mx of course .
forget the name of the krap believe they were rainbow camo ?
i live in new zealand and assume most of you are probably in the states but how much fun would that be ?
haha we would n't need those hi my name is ... '' stickers either !
my girlfriend and i recently moved our betta from his cramped 1.5 gal cube tank into a much more luxurious 10 gallon planted tank .
i 'd love to turn the old tank into a shrimp habitat but i 'm not sure where to begin and i have a few questions .
how many shrimp could i fit in the tank comfortably ?
i 'm planning on getting cherry shrimp but i 'll decide on them after i finish planting the tank .
i 'm planning on buying a whisper 3i filter for the tank but would it be a good idea to also get an air stone ?
i was planning on putting a piece of wood in the tank and attaching plants to it to make it look like a bonsai tree maybe adding some carpeting and some other small plants .
would it be better to heavily plant it or is that a bad idea ?
what kind of substrate would be best for shrimp ?
should i get larger gravel or smaller bits for them to dig around in ?
will a tiny tank like this be too cruel to keep shrimp in ?
i do n't want to stress them out by keeping them confined to such a small space but i really do n't want to just get rid of this tank and i think a tiny aquarium would be really cool .
i 've played against quite a few they usually get to dante and a bit of graveyard stuff then i win .
let me preface by saying that i enjoy playing casually but balanced and i have been playing 6 months on and off .
when i host events i want my playgroup to feel like they had a good time not like we are mentally taxed .
i was searching for post about the next step .
like how to make the game more enjoyable building better terrain homemade making a better looking board building campaigns and being a better host .
i want to introduce other friends to the game but i do not feel like my 40k general knowledge is adequate enough .
last time i introduce someone they said they enjoyed the strategy but it was a little boring .
i guess i need a mentor because i only started this hobby pretty much by myself .
my friend showed me some of his shit.ita pretty fire.but he has n't made anything new in like 20 years.hes pretty small so i 'm asking alot.but does any1 know y he has n't made anything since then.i understand if no one knows he was pretty small
here 's the link to go just sub and like and watch my latest video for 1 minute like i said and comment down below when you 're done !
and if you watch 1 minute on all my videos i will also on all of your videos as well ! !
i 'm currently tackling the issue of saving some user info some of which regards auth and permissions info .
i want to save it to the redux store to be used for various components but i 'm afraid it 's bad practice since other ppl might be able to see that info and learn something i wouldnt want them to .
is it too late to send a peer rec to dartmouth ?
i had no idea that peer recs were strongly recommended '' until pretty recently and my friend wo n't be able to submit it until like tomorrow .
i know that it 's my fault for not having known about this but generally how long are university grace periods ?
it 's been a little over a week since the deadline now .
1 about a year ago i bought a squier vm jazzmaster and it occurs to me that eventually i 'll need to change the strings and have no idea what gauge is on there now .
whatever it is feels great so i 'm happy to keep it— is there an easy way to determine the gauge of strings that are in the guitar ?
should i just assume it 's whatever comes standard on the vm jazzmaster and does anyone know offhand what that is ?
2 if i change my epiphone les paul to a heavier string gauge but then tune down to c and leave it there do i need to set the guitar up all over again ?
or will the decreased tension even out the heavier gauge ?
we 've always had a fairly active sex life 2-3 times week at least with varied sessions and positions .
i m would do the majority of the initiation 75 ?
the last few years frequency and session duration have been decreasing down to maybe 1x/week .
i am now the only one that initiates with her response usually being what do you want ?
lets do it quick i 'm tired '' so there is no foreplay no having fun and playing just straight piv missionary .
it is enjoyable for her and she gets off fairly quickly but is a one-and-done type so i feel pressured to then get myself off quickly as well .
lately even this has n't been happening she has been letting the kids sleep in our bed so if it was n't for a few quickies we 'd be looking at months without any intimacy .
she is a sahm and i handle most of the nighttime routines to give her a break .
we 've talked about it and she at least voices recognition that things sexually are n't where we would want them to be but she does n't seem to ever actually try to change anything .
i 'm trying my best to be helpful and not be resentful but in a high stress job with a busy house it was nice to look forward to some good sex at the end of the day and now thats not happening and it 's hard not to be frustrated .
lately she has said that she feels like i 'm only affectionate if i think i 'm going to get sex which is something i will try to work on see being frustrated above ... but i have also given her backrubs watch the kids so she can nap etc .
without any sort of expectation or pressure of reciprocity .
to complicate things sometimes she is touched out so i have to navigate the mine field of when and how much touching or support she needs .
and i know it 's not totally true but sometime it 's hard not to feel like i 'm the only one giving and i 'm supposed to be able to read minds while doing it .
soooo what i 'm thinking is that i will continue to be supportive and work on being more emotionally and physically available without sex which also means i 'm going to stop initiating .
i figure this will give her a break to see that i 'm not constantly chasing sex and also honestly i 'm just getting tired of thinking about it or wondering if what i can get .
i 'm afraid that this may allow the db to fully establish itself but as i said i 'm tired .
my other question what strategies can help take my mind off of it ?
obviously i can 'take care of myself ' but that does n't seem to fully scratch the itch especially after weeks without meaningful intimacy .
i have a bad habit of buying games on sale for a certain system and never getting around to playing them .
then a new system comes out and the game is ported over with extra content or whatever and i say to myself hey !
i 'm playing this current system a lot more than this older one i 'm sure if i buy this i 'll play it there . ''
i have skyrim for 3 different systems now xbox 360 ps4 switch but i did ultimately end up playing and completing the switch version .
does anyone else have this problem or do you have the self control to not buy ports if you already own a game even if it 's on an older system ?
what happens if you have possibility storm out and cast fling sacrificing a creature then draw into a new fling as the replacement card ?
do you still do damage equal to the creature sacrificed ?
this can also be used with things such as rails glass panes/iron bars ect .
make sure to vote for this suggestion on the feedback website !
i managed to get a hold of some dmt which i have used a few times with varying doses .
the first attempt was 20mg just to get a feel for the effects .
i experienced some bright colours strange creaking sounds and patterns everywhere but it wore off fairly quickly
i waited a few days before trying a bigger dose i got my so to trip sit me and leave the room this time as i 've read that can help feel less grounded .
i was n't trying to breakthrough or anything just experience something more than the first time .
i loaded 40mg into a home made dmt machine and took 3 big hits i laid back as i exhaled my final hit and fairly quickly there were multiple entities milling around me i felt that they were tending to me and preparing me for what was about to happen i could feel everything around me dissolving then suddenly it felt like i was n't breathing as soon as this thought entered my mind i realised i was breathing and i had to just let the dmt take me where i was going but i could n't stop thinking about my breathing the entities became more rushed and it seemed like they were concerned about me and then they just left .
i did n't feel like they were annoyed like i 've read some people experience just that they were slightly disappointed .
i have experienced what i think was ego death before after drinking 2c-b dissolved in vodka after taking a large dose of mdma i did n't know there was 2c-b in the vodka until someone at the party told me after that i lost all concept of who i was and had no idea what made me me .
it was n't a difficult experience as such it came and went in waves where the cocktail of drugs took over completely then i would become aware that i was tripping .
when i was in this state i knew what made me me .
i just did n't know what made me who my friends and family knew me as if that makes any sense at all .
i was expecting this to be the same concept this is something very different though my so thinks i 'm being dramatic when i tell her that you truly do feel as you 're dying .
i know i need to trust my body and i thought i did !
i can feel the dmt swirling and getting stronger when i let it but i ca n't seem to just accept death ''
do you guys have any advice beside meditation which i do daily anyway and have done before every trip .
i 've been trying to notice more when my breathing becomes automatic but i 'm worried this will just make me more aware of it .
tl dr took dmt a couple of times ca n't let myself die from not breathing .
tried all the things i 've researched like breathing exercises meditating .
i 'm new to the game and have a few questions .
2 are there more towns/cities than just in the center ?
3 should i just always use my lab suit radioactive protection when i go into town ?
in the u.s. anyone watching tv will notice that all day and night regardless of what channel you watch you are subjected to ads for prescription drugs .
presumably this is money that at one time was used for research or to keep the price of drugs more reasonable .
i have tried to google answers to this question but not surprisingly that data seems to be a closely held secret .
neilsen ratings are available to subscribers only but may provide some answers .
one thing i do know is that considering the cost of television ad time the number and length of those ads it has to amount to a lot of revenue .
i see it as a premier example of the immorality of some of our corporate ceo 's .
is there anyone out there with some insider knowledge to shed some light on this ?
upon request from community members we added tokok to our website where we feature coin statistics market capitalization coin investment ratings and machine learning based forecasts .
forecasts and additional information will be present soon as we gather data
does anyone have a version of sync that works with fullscreen ?
i 've tried posting on the forum thread but got no response
playstation wo n't start up and is telling me to connect the dualshock using usb and to press the ps button when i do nothing is happening .
i might not be the sharpest crayon in the box but they are clearly not blood related .
my doctor prescribed me zoloft just under a week ago after i had a major panic attack and told me that if i tolerate it i should double the dosage after a week .
i do not enjoy the side effects but i 've managed somewhat .
they 're just under unbearable — i get incredibly shaky it makes it nearly impossible to sleep and makes me nervous .
i know i have n't given it a chance to work yet but i do n't know if this counts as tolerating it .
i heard it gets better but this is hellish .
ever since 2.0 rolled out i 've been pulling long expired product off the floor and out of the back .
my stls solution was to have us write down short dates on a piece of paper so we know what to check each day .
not only do we not have time to write down every date but how is going back to pen and paper modernization ? ? ?
we never do fresh fridays because ‘we do n't have time or people to send over ' and while we are a small store we are n't given the time to check everything everyday .
if x sucks in a thing but he loves to do that .
should he find something else in which he is passionate enough and equally good ?
i have used it before but on dark wood .
i plan to use it on a very light colored wood that also has white milliput in it i wo n't use it if it will add a yellowish color though .
slept on getting tickets like a dingus and now it 's sold out .
hello i ordered an rtx 2060 and it said it has a promo code to redeem anthem or battlefield 5 ...
i did n't know if that comes in the box or an email i have n't gotten yet ... and if none of those are true can i have help .
plot summary a middle school girl attempts suicide and while she is recovering semi-sarcastically remarks that she wants a certain fruit cherry or plums are what i think i remember .
her father drives for miles to find her fresh cherries/plums .
the last line is more or less a promise to herself that she 'll never attempt suicide again so long as there are fruit and someone who loves me enough to get them ''
i read this short story in 2014-2015 for a creative writing class .
i think it was in a larger collection of short stories but i cant remember if it was an anthology or all by the same person .
thank you so much for any help at all !
i attempted suicide it it caused a lot of problems for my friend .
he ignored the texts when i reached out to him a few hours before and i think he feels guilty about that .
should i be mad at him for ignoring the texts
i got very helpful responses to a question i had some days ago on here so i thought i would try to post some of my writing as well if you are interested to read and critique .
it is the beginning of the origin story of one of the races inhabitating my fantasy world .
for a twist i tried writing this one in english i have often done so before for notes or of course in school and university but never tried to write prose in english .
i would mainly be interested if my use of the language is interesting and grasps the reader enough or if you think that i lack the skill and should rather stick to my mother tongue which is german btw .
of course you may critique whatever you find in there hope someone enjoys this small appetizer of my story .
if you need more background information i am happy to give it but i hope the text gives enough between the lines so that readers rather just wan na continue on with the story instead of thinking about missing information so that 's a point of critique that also interests me a lot .
these characters are all long dead in the story of my novel and i am still struggling with the naming of characters of that race in general .
i hope i posted this in the right manner it is the first time for me .
hi everyone i threw myself into spanish about two years ago and it 's basically like an obsession of mine .
i try to do just about everything in spanish for instance tv radio podcasts reading all the time in spanish etc .
i even host a meetup group at a local coffee shop where people just come and speak in spanish it 's really fun .
however i 've hit the two year mark and feel like i might never be able to speak as fluently as some of my friends for example from ecuador colombia etc .
i 'm 40 and have a job so a lengthy immersion program is n't an option .
i do n't have the money right now to take lessons online but hopefully will be able to soon .
i keep telling myself it will take time and to be patient .
any advice on what i could do to improve even more or success stories from people who experienced the same type of intermediate/low advanced block like i feel right now would be super helpful thanks !
did a little ramble here https soundgasm.net/u/nyaanneko/011519-good-morning with a little intro and what mic i 'm using blue yeti https www.amazon.com/blue-yeti-usb-microphone-blackout/dp/b00n1ypxw2/ref=sr_1_3 ? ie=utf8 qid=1547575831 sr=8-3 keywords=blue+yeti+usb+microphone
today i wanted to buy the exp 2/15 45 ntri call .
i was comfortable without getting the trade so i set a limit price of 0.25 .
why would this happen if the lowest ask was 0.50 ?
i 've been diagnosed with bpd but there are still some things that i 'm not sure are related to bpd or something else that i need to look into .
having trouble reading tone of voice and body language to determine moods of other people .
when i was a teenager i knew i did n't fit in and i mimicked girls around me to do so .
i do n't think i had any real interest in the things but i kind of used it as a survival tool .
i get overwhelmed with sound and touch quite often and need to get away or i freak out .
i get obsessive with people and hobbies and interests to the point that it 's probably unhealthy
i struggle with boundaries and rules if i do n't understand why they 're in place
i ca n't handle big deviation in my routine .
if i go on vacation it takes me weeks to get back to normal and function properly .
uk age of sigmar masters 2018 post now up .
introduction to the rankings event pack lists player profiles plus where to follow for all the coverage .
list analysis show coming up for the start of next week .
considering that it 's getting worse by the day maybe it will even come in 5 days
we are such a wonderful couple been together a few years and mostly everyone who knows us thinks we are perfect.we travel often have good jobs and are financial secure .
our house is beautiful and our friends are jealous of our ability to do really well in this world even more so since most of them are having trouble paying student loans .
we go out of our ways to humiliation ourselves .
we are n't always together but every day we try to come home with some story of each other being humiliated .
looking for a guy or girl who wants to be a humiliation slut like me .
we will be a perfectly loving couple but we of course try to get humiliated .
i want this to get dark which we can talk about in pm 's .
because of that i would prefer someone with no limits or very few .
also men if you are interested you have to be comfortable with bi-scenarios i do expect you to get fucked just as often as i do .
if you want to play put your gender and prefered steak doneness rare-medium-well done etc.
in the subject line and tell me a bit about yourself .
i 'm not a big ohm fan at all but i think shallow is one of the best songs the band ever recorded .
i love the effects on anthony 's voice in the chorus and it 's some of his best songwriting in my opinion as well .
it 's a great mix of hard rock and funk too was wondering if anyone felt the same
i 've just started vaping and was wondering how it works if i vape half or even 3 quarters of a bowl and leave the rest .
i 've noticed that when i do this around 3 quarters and go back to finish it later i ca n't get anything out of it but if i would have smoked it all in one session i would have got more from it .
does the weed lose thc when left in the vape ?
or if i smoke half a bowl and smoke the rest hours later will i get the same out of it ?
it seems like i 'm getting less when i do this
so i 've been clearing cpap and i notice that my damage is rather lacking .
and though i 've been upgrading/changing gear i damage is n't improve a whole lot especially compared to other runeblades .
i personally do n't think im unsually unskilled but hearing some runeblades doing 250mil definately gets me down .
in my stats it is without honing runes and with house pierce buff i have tried with physical pierce buff too to no big increase in dmg .
my dpm on dummy in hoh is about 27-28mil .
i know that my physical pierce is lacking along with my gems/bonus attack bad rng .
i generally try to use the ice echo build .
any advice/help to improve my damage apart from the increase ur weapon thing .
so as the title suggests my game crashes quite frequently and makes playing impossible every half an hour to an hour my game will crash and i have to re load from my last save .
it 's not because of any mods because i 've played a clean save with no mods just vanilla and it crashed just as often .
anyone had the same problem or know a fix that might work ?
i 'm open to pretty much anything at this point .
ik zou dit als serieuze kritiek opnemen als we niet in een klimaat zaten waar christelijke vluchtelingen met regelmaat afgewezen genegeerd en tot slachtoffer gemaakt werden .
in duitsland zijn er verschillende gevallen geweest waar christelijke vluchtelingen aangaven in doodsangst te leven in vluchtelingencentra etc .
i noticed that problem in brawl and on custom mode .
i have to reinstall to check if he has the same problem .
fixed the voiceover problem on some heroes '' in exchange of that ?
going into the season i 'd say that most people had harden outside of their top 5 nba players list lebron kd steph giannis ad kawhi all ranked above generally .
a minority had him at number 5 and a few dared to put him at 4 .
but now seeing what he 's done this year halfway through the season where do you have him ?
i 'd say he 's firmly 4 at this point behind lebron kd and steph .
would you agree or do you have him higher/lower ?
i 'm bringing this god idea and i know we already have a representation of the fire giant on conquest but i really like surtr and i think we should able to play as him .
the lava whenever surtr suffers damage from an enemy deity he releases a pool of lava at the current location that lasts 2s .
the pool deals 10 10 of your magical power as damage per second .
sword of fire surtr beats his sword on the ground in a line area with range of 55 units .
and this attack is repeated 3 times followed automatically with an interval of 1s between each hit .
if all the attacks hit the same enemy deity surtr get healed .
you can not use another skill relics or potions while using this ability
fire minion surtr conjures a fire minon at the selected location .
this minion faces the same direction where surtr is pointing when he was cast .
if any enemy passes in front of him the minion runs to that enemy and explodes .
if no enemy passes in front of him the minon explodes after 2 seconds after his casting .
if he get hitted by the fire sword '' the explosion will do extra damage .
beware of fire surtr throws his sword in a straight line .
if you hit an enemy deity the sword will stick to it for 2s .
surtr can use this ability again to teleport to his sword retrieving it .
you can not use your basic attacks while you 're without your sword .
high temperature surtr undoes its graveyard to gain power and movement .
you suffer 10 extra damage from any damage but gain 20 extra magical power and 10 movement for 6 sec .
if surtur dies during this time he turns into a small flame after 4s surtr reborn with 30 of his maximum life and mana .
it 's all in the title i have a figure with two 3d plots .
i chose the style of one of the plots to be a dashed line .
the thing is when i export the figure to an .eps file and when i open it both plots appears to be continuous line drawings .
i have to be honest i have n't been following the islanders for too long .
i 'm from australia and went to my first nhl game at barclays centre on a holiday to new york in december 2016 .
since then i 've fallen in love with the sport and the team and have streamed/watched every game i possibly could .
but i have looked into the history of this team and it 's been a while since they 've looked this promising .
so to all the fans from years and years back i bet it feels great to see your beloved islanders play some playoff level hockey and i myself could n't be happier to be a part of it !
a lot of trauma and unnecessary things happened to me the past 16 months ...
but since a few months i felt safe again worthy .
that all was taken away from me again slowly day by day .
i 'm back to feeling like trash and do n't know how to avoid this .
there 's this exam i am giving called uceed ... and there 's this section called the multiple selective question msq which could have more than one answer to the given question ... .suppose i answered only one out of a bunch ... .not realising there was an other too ... will i still get the mark ?
not sure what the exact values are so if there 's a slight difference sweets could be added ideally looking for 1:1 on the sets though .
steam offer me https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=58462923 token=ifde4ax8 https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=58462923 token=ifde4ax8
unlike the timer in-between matches does the respawn timer have an upside ?
hey i have a little questing im using spreadplayers on my map random tp players and then tp them below bacause of barrier .
but when i use tp command all players teleport to one location instead of teleporting to 6y block can someone help me with this ?
the leading mart has been offering the best collection for toys .
you can buy the best range of reading and writing toys https juniosmart.com/educational-toys-for-reading-and-writing too .
• ethereum deposits will be made weekly to all oret token holders .
• for the first year 45 of the net profit of pmmsa will be distributed in ethereum to all oretoken holders .
• for the second year and there forth 40 of the net profit of pmmsa will be distributed in ethereum to all oretoken holders .
this is explained in the section on why profits decrease from 45 to 40 ?
• ethereum deposits of the net profit will start 1 week after the first months profit and loss report p l are in which is approximately one and a half months after ico ends .
the months profit will be divided into equal weekly payments for the next month .
the first profits will come from our pilot plant until our main plant is up and running .
this is better explained in the section on profits timeframe explained .
so i 'm trying to make a function that will go to a specific layer when held as well as go to another layer when double tapped and held .
when the key is released it then goes back to the base layer .
which is weird because i already put tap_dance_eneable yes on rules.mk and define tapping_term 200 on config.h
it is my first time trying the advanced functions on qmk so i 'm getting stuck a lot .
why the hell r the players not in sound booths anymore ?
that 's a huge downgrade to the quality of the lck .
alright this is probably a dumb question but i 'm going to ask it nonetheless .
i have a very irrational fear of demon/hell related shit and i feel very uneasy when watching movies or reading books with this theme shoved in my face .
that said doom looks insanely fun and it looks like a game with good graphics that 's actually well optimized for my specs .
this is all i 've ever wanted in a game for a long time just to be able to enjoy the graphics with 60 fps and just get immersed .
however i 'm scared of how heavy the demon stuff gets and i 've been too scared to watch too much gameplay footage of it to find out .
are there cases where people get possessed by demons ?
if so how many and how brutal are the scenes ?
i understand there are demons here but how unsettling is the atmosphere ?
does it depict hell as a tangible thing like an alien world or does it more depict it as we are the anti-christ we are the incarnation of all evil '' kinda thing .
if it 's more like an alien world i can probably deal with it .
i really want to try this game but i also want to be able to sleep at night if i 'm not playing the game .
my best so far was as new vegas i allowed the legion to move past the dam and then took the dam and trapped 50 divisions and wiped them out
the whole celtics organization knows wanamaker is the better player yet rozier gets spoon fed minutes every night !
i do n't care if it 's a shitpost let 's do step 11 and just see what happens
omg has to be done for a cheeky link to my lozano xx
thanks bud i had it before and i could not remember what it was
sorry the low volume sell off stressed me out haha
woah ok i just tested it again and it feels completely different than i remember it maybe they changed the handling somehow ?
its a 50/50 for me honestly i think both teams have quality players and a decent chance to win .
but imo spurs will really be missing kane as i said he 's their star player .
anyway just wanted to try and help some people out with spreading the word about his injury might be helpfull investing .
yup i used it through two seasons and saw consistent gains .
this was in a lower frequency than most people do though most periods of the year it was just once a week .
i used it almost as much for getting comfortable in grip positions keeping dip straight in half crimp engaging a three finger drag etc .
i 'll respond in more detail on the new thread .
the liberal trudeau government needs to free the black market from the nanny state .
his policy is a true free market not over taxed over regulated sterile shitweed .
i ca n't add myself to the do not call registry .
this is a place for republicans to discuss issues with other republicans .
out of respect for this sub 's main purpose we ask that unless you identify as republican that you refrain from commenting and leave the vote button alone https www.reddit.com/r/metarepublican/comments/5t017a/this_sub_is_for_republicans_if_you_do_not .
non republicans who come to our sub looking for a 'different perspective ' subvert that very perspective with their own views when they vote or comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/republican if you have any questions or concerns .
my mother told me she and her three sisters sewed them from old worn out clothes .
but i do n't understand what booing guys on your own team accomplishes .
i do n't think anyone booing is hoping to accomplish anything .
it 's not like they are thinking rationally about this .
they 're just pissed off and letting their emotions control them .
what about getting despair on your guy and and not having any way to remove it ?
get to bed a little earlier if i can and grab some breakfast .
i ca n't eat pre-work makes me want to puke also but maybe i can do a half a banana before and a shake after or similar .
im visiting in the end of february/beginning of march .
all i have heard is that its cheap everywhere.. you should get nice dinner with beer around 4€ i think ?
i set a reminder as soon as it was announced !
not trying to start beef but the way this is worded it sounds like you do n't typically like my posts ?
this is an urban legend please stop propagating it .
active noise cancelling does not work only against constant noise .
it does have a frequency limit above which it 's not effective and relies on passive isolation .
but the constancy of the envelope has no connection with the efficacy of the device .
i did n't realize pronman was so high on bokk still .
i 'm not sure how to explain how to distinguish dwemer and daedric place names but there is a clear structural difference .
2 consonants 1 vocal but many of them daedric .
long syllables with many consonants 1 vocal but few of them dwemer .
and potential members like the argentine commune combined syndicates iberian federation and the like are n't guaranteed to be in the position to join the internationale so there are some games where they are comprised of just the 3-musketeers at game start with no new members while the entente and reichspakt take over the world diplomatically which makes the balance seem so much worse .
i 've done similar trips w my gr1 26l .
before you travel read www.onebag.com https www.onebag.com you 'll find great tips for how to pack light and save weight .
i 've never quite been able to figure out what made a young sauternes not ready to drink .
i 've collected and aged a bunch of them and mostly just crave the young stuff now .
i 'd like to know the reaction from people who live near clemson because it 's an extremely conservative area .
ambystoma mexicanum are the axolotls people keep as pets and used in lab studies in the us .
there are some people who buy a tiger salamander and mistake it for an axolotl but that 's not the norm and there are people who hybridize axolotls with other ambystomas their ability to hybridize with other species is the reason why states like ca ban them the ban is not related to conservation of axolotls .
there are huge tells as to whether or not it is an axolotl or a different species such as the shape of their toes .
there is no shortage of captive bred ambystoma mexicanum in the us or europe due to how essential they are in many lab studies .
they are also incredibly easy to breed and there is no reason to go to xochimilco to try and capture wild axolotls to keep as pets when they are near impossible to find in the wild .
the captive bred color morphs are also more desirable in the hobbyist community than the wild type color morph which is the only type you will find in their natural habitat .
their wild population has been decimated by pollution and the introduction of invasive species not pet trade .
if you 're curious for more information about axolotls hybrids and other ambystoma species check out r/axolotls and caudata.org .
yes they would n't be in small enough quantities to not be visible .
this pictures looks like a few firework explosion x-rays that i 've seen but it likely is not one unless this picture was taken after surgery to remove metal pieces .
also there is a lady selling pierogi at pier 21 market hard to miss .
i thought you might also like janina 's cafe in brunside it is a fusion of polish and middle eastern but their menu is always up to date and pretty good food !
i am polish myself so i feel your pain .
i 'm not sure why hangouts has been alive throughout this time .
every one of it 's features should had been implemented to google dou and google messages .
maybe some lavender essential oil and a drink with warm milk ?
if he 's fucked a girl from every world does that include pluto ?
the stages that are legal in almost every tournament are
oh yes got outta there a few years ago and now i have a fiancé i could n't possibly adore more !
i 'm not really all that upset but to have a spoiler blacked out in the middle of the article and then just conclude with a walk through on how to get certain endings was a bit jarring .
like i was reading going is this an inside joke i do n't ge oh this is how you beat the game .
lol well i do have my controller rigged to consistently hit it without me holding it down .
by not naming dore directly cenk is calling out more than just him he 's targeting all the skeptics and evidence deniers .
the pile of evidence just keeps growing so people are going to turn slowly .
maybe later they 'll even say it was obvious in a revisionist manner .
just pulled chandra is he only useful in pvp or he can be used in some pve areas ?
it 's not because they unlock good characters that they need to be almost given for free .
on the opposite such needed toons should be hard to get to be able to unlock 2 legendaries .
instead they are the easiest farm that remain useful afterwards for tw and tb and yet you still manage to complain about it .
i believe the vegas trade was done to shed salary and get out of smith 's contract as it was looking like an overpayment at the time .
i use to see my girlfriends name ashley a lot before we met but did n't think to much of it until i met her threw a mutual friend while i was homeless and she took me in and cared for me that very week as if we were married ... it has been 9 months now
images screenshots or gifs uploaded through the reddit app or the reddit website are not allowed as such your post has been removed .
we only allow images as part of a discussion post or if hosted on a portfolio site gameplay gifs must be hosted on another website and that link shared to reddit .
you may submit your post as a discussion self post r/overwatch/submit ? selftext=true with some context more than just a single line of text speaking about the image .
if you 're submitting fanart you may link directly to a deviantart page artstation portfolio blog etc .
imgur posts are automatically removed even if its a gifv as we 're not able to detect which type it is .
you may submit your gameplay highlight by uploading it to a gif/video sharing website and submitting the link to r/overwatch .
we do not support uploading gameplay highlights directly through the reddit app/website at this time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/overwatch if you have any questions or concerns .
imo you can pencil in the 3d world port .
or he 'll sign a deal in 2023 after a labor dispute induced strike as a 33 year old catcher .
and carr 's michigan program was nowhere near the caliber of what ohio state was four years ago .
bracket resets are very difficult to schedule with longer games like league which is why mobas and rtss tend to stick to single elimination formats in bo5 stages .
unfortunately your post has been automatically removed for not having the proper title format .
to quote our sidebar titles need to be formatted like this
the titles need to be exact to not get caught by our automod .
we know it may seem pedantic and unnecessary but having precise titles makes it easier for us to check for streaks and flair .
please feel free to resubmit with a title in the proper format !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/52weeksofcooking if you have any questions or concerns .
i wonder if he is planning a go at the atwr raw bench .
i do n't even know what the multiply is did tiny meeker 's 1102 count ?
the fact of the matter is dak has won 2/3rds of this games .
he was offensive rookie of the year and a pro bowler .
he 's led over a dozen come from behind victories .
he 's been to the playoffs twice and he 's won a playoff game .
defenses do not fear what he can do with the ball in his hands and it shows .
the clear and present danger is always ezekiel elliott and they will sell out in order to stop him at all costs .
for dak to be successful he will need to put fear into defensive coordinators .
zeke is good enough right now to beat loaded boxes more often than not and keep them in 3rd and manageable .
but i tell you right now look at that rams game again .
if dak prescott was truly a threat they win that game against the rams even if the rams were running all over the cowboys defense .
what the cowboys need from dak going forward is the persistent and credible threat that dak will make you pay with his arm if you try to stop zeke by stacking the box .
that at any given moment he can strike you deep and flip field position .
that if you take his running game away he can still destroy you .
until that happens i will point out how inaccurate he really is .
for others reading burningrr seems to have a vendetta against me and posts these long attacks commonly .
as i 've said in previous conversations my issue is the misinformation arrogance disrespect manipulation and generally bullshittery .
those are personal problems so i can appreciate why you 'd take my comments personally .
as i 've said before i 'd probably enjoy having conversations with you if you put a good faith effort into trying to discuss photography tech rather than spread crackpot theories and protect your own ego .
ignoring all that you have plenty to offer the community .
recently in another thread he accused me of just spouting results from dxomark on a the photonstophotos.net web site but it is not my web site and the guy who does the site bill claff is a superb engineer who has analyzed dxomark data plus his own data and has done an amazing job it is a great resource .
bill 's site is excellent and it 's my primary resource for sensor data .
he makes several cautionary remarks about the dxo derived values .
perhaps you might cite what you think disputes what i said then maybe i can clarify your confusion again .
the patent shows how phase waveforms are compared to confirm focus .
it disputes your point that phase detection is lost when the subject is in focus .
but rather than making attempts to impeach the multiple sources that disprove your theories perhaps you should start looking for some citations that confirm your theories .
if they did i would n't be arguing with you .
i 'm more interested in knowing how stuff works than protecting my ego .
it 's not accurate if you 're only calibrating for one focus distance and focal length .
so burningrr show us your mirrorless action photography images .
specifically shows us subject moving fast toward the camera like a bird in flight or a running animal or person .
here are some of mine made with a dslr .
that 's a series of two consecutive shots taken on an a7ii with an adapted a mount tamron 150-600 lens under non-ideal conditions at relatively short distances .
btw sony disables the hybrid autofocus features when shooting with adapted a glass so this is mostly the phase focus system .
but rather than give you the chance to attack the quality of my photography i 'll link you to this comparison of the d5 and a9 by max yuryev https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=kx1sfy__7a4 t=8m17s where they conclude https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=kx1sfy__7a4 t=25m19s that the a9 tracks focus across the z axis slightly better .
i think nyxl are the best team in the league and it 'll take a lot for that opinion to change .
london have shown probably the highest peak that we have seen in overwatch to date but they just have n't shown consistency over the course of an entire season and have done nothing yet to show that they can .
if london maintain the level that they showed in the playoffs then they are no doubt the best team in the league but as of now nyxl are my pick .
this is n't an issue of who plays what where .
this is an issue of you 'complaining ' about how much agency a role gets and the bot lane has primarily been ad carrys and a support and balanced as such .
you wanting the bot lane to suddenly shift into playing other champs wo n't happen it 's not realistic as a number of players have been playing primarily adcs only in the bot lane and riot themselves have balanced it around that way for 8 years
except that patch where you could play mages in botlane while doing pretty much the same thing as adcs .
but riot caved under pressure instead of letting that meta continue .
in time people would have learned new stuff just like other roles did .
the fact is that nothing will change and botlaners will always lack diversity as long as riot keeps reinforcing this meta for the simple fact that there really are n't that much designs you can make around the concept of a ranged auto attack carry that were n't already made before especially when you have only 4 abilities .
that means you have to chose a combination of cc mobility steroids and utility to put on them in different depending on how mobile you want your adc how much poke he can have how much shields or utility he can bring how hard you want him to hit by giving a steroid .
in the end all adcs are the same concept in different combinations of what i just said .
for their entire csgo experience and would n't necessarily want to switch to another gun/role
1 point of being the best or trying to be the best is being adaptable .
if you ca n't adapt you do n't deserve ranking up .
as i said all other roles had to deal with that .
it 's not like i 'm asking riot to persecute one role in particular .
i 'm asking riot to treat all roles the same way .
you calling them complainers is n't going to cause the conversation to advance .
you 're just stalling with your own hyprocital pov .
i 'd be okay with you calling my point wrong since obviously not everyone will belive the same thing as i do but how on earth am i a hypocrite for wanting every role to be treated the same way ?
yea i ca n't find the right word to call the name of such ppl who only breed for money let 's just call them greedy ignorant cunts for now .
my cat and i are on a diet together ... and i admit it is easier for me to keep her on her goals than to keep myself on mine !
close to four pounds in 2 weeks is a good amount .
sometimes the slower you go the more sustainable it is and losing more than 2 pounds a week can be unhealthy depending on your stats .
and when your husband sees you making real lifestyle changes he may hop on board !
i know my husband has been getting fitter in his efforts to support me .
congrats and good luck to you and your doggo !
i got you man u have to look at the text and then the confirm button or whatever will light up i guess and u will be able to click it by point your move controller at it and clicking the trigger button on the back
that sounds like fun it might throw them for a loop when they realize they have another power shot coming their way .
the kurds have been trampled upon countless times it 's time their persecution came to a stop .
he was also the first non-korean player to win the biggest competition in sc2 .
i totally understand the struggle of being a lfs owner who is deeply passionate about animals and wants to make sure they are kept in perfect conditions .
but the other sides of it is that if she interrogates every customer buying a feeder fish she probably wont stay in business very long .
i wish her the best of luck educating customers but i also feel like you have to be careful not to come off as trying to upsell a misinformed old lady with a 30 gal tank for 1 common goldfish regardless of its actual long term needs .
how much money have u guys used on this game .
for me its about 500€ and ive played since 2017 .
iso glossier dusk cloud paint and moonstone haloscope lightly used .
packaging has some spots so it 's a bruised peach palette .
moderate use on marzipan and white chocolate rest are lightly used .
i wish i could wake him up or we could sleep at the same time so we 're never apart 😿
i play hpal and my friend feral right now we are struggling hard at 2k mmr .
i 've slotted standard wings repentance for long cc chain clone included for healers in order to kill the enemy dps .
dk survival are so hard to kill plus they counter-pressure my feral hard .
i have to heal my kitty so much having zero time to deal damage while is forced into bear form .
should i play with meele wings and just train healer with dr hoj ?
believing in a specific ideology and carrying it throughout your life has many benefits you stand for something you can focus on more specific issues you can grow and gain a solid/specific fanbase or group you find confidence in identity etc .
despite this i believe it blinds you by default .
if you are leftist and believe the right is completely wrong and without truth..
if you are an atheist and believe religion is completely wrong and without truth..
if you blame socialism for many race or gender related problems and believe that the opposite is without truth..
if you believe holding one ideology blinds you by default and believe that doing so is without its truth..
in luna dentistry we provide a range of preventative care dental services cosmetic dentistry periodontics and orthodontics .
we have 20 year of experience in this filed.for more details feel free to visit http lunadentistry.com .
io have a problem with my beddit 3 app sometimes it changes alone my alarm time or does n't ring at all .
did n't know where to post this but i think this is the right place since apple bought beddit .
ive had various smart home stuff for years and over the last couple of years i 've had updates or new bits that support homekit .
got quite a few bits now that all the family use .
but i think we only really use the basics and it 's a bit of a mess .
i 'm after suggestions to make better use of the kit setup and homekit because at the moment we are sticking to the individual apps seeing as with 2 v young kids we get wrapped up in that .
ikea trådfri bulbs have a hub but it 's unplugged
me and my wife both have iphones ipads and apple watch .
so i 'm thinking how to pull this all together to make the most of it with easy controls schemes and timers .
do you all stick to the default apple home app or get a third party ?
i 've been seeing this guy i met on tinder for 2 months and a bit and everything 's been going great on all fronts we clicked he texts every day we see each other a few times a week i met his colleagues and friends and the two of us spent new year 's together .
he also recently mentioned he has n't slept with anyone else since our thing started so did i .
now my issue is that i saw tinder and hinge notifications pop up a few times on his phone although i could n't exactly see what sort of notifications they were might have just been some sort of 'do n't keep your match waiting ' thingy .
he has not made any updates on his profile at all since we started dating though .
i think i 'm developing strong feelings for him and really need to know if we are on the same page but wondering if 2 months might be too soon to have an exclusivity talk and that i might ruin it by asking such questions too soon ?
so i thought i might repay my dues for some horribly built models during my childhood and adventure down the path of modern model making ...
it is definitely fun but holy crap does the time just disappear .
i mean i am new to this as far as this decade goes so there is a lot of trial and error ... and for some insane reason i decided to jump back in with a 1/72 jet model but the tiny parts are not really what is slowing everything down .
it is mostly just the learning process of trying to do things right for once .
oh and lack of stock ... lack of stock in usa is kinda weird but is definitely a thing .
does tamiya usually have a hard time keeping up with demand ?
airbrushing has been super fun to learn i think i am gon na stick with acrylics as ... . tonight i decided to try mr surfacer 1200 on some parts because well videos and well what a nightmare .
it gunked up my airbrush iwata revolution so bad and it was at this moment that i learned the difference between enamel and lacquer i always thought they were the same thing .
several hours later and no progress made on the model but i finally have a clean airbrush again .
i have not yet figured out what to do when i get to the clear coat phase .
tamiya clear gloss is no where to be found in the us at the moment .
my local hobby lobby has some rattle can clear but i have started to fall in love with the tamiya brand paints .
i have tried a few non-essential decals using simple water application and i can see why there are third party helpers but again finding stock available in the us is proving difficult .
i should support my local hobby shop and honestly i have not had the opportunity to travel the 50 minutes to check out the store but they are closed on sundays which at the moment is pretty much my only day off why do retail stores close on sundays ?
i know this seems like a long rant of negative things i have encountered so far but do n't fret ...
i am having a blast even though it seems my older self is quite allergic to one of the chemicals encountered so far face is full-on broke out with teenage pimples and i am 40 .
will post final product if it meets my approval ...
hi i noticed something the last few months more and more people flame and get toxic or troll but if they dont write but for example int a game or do some other shit the system wont detect it
how can that be a thing that chatting is a reason for a ban even if its just 3 letters e.g .
k y s and the whole game the person behaves but a person who doesnt chat but instead ints or trolls for 30 min straight
so following keto closely and had success before and back into it .
i 'm finding that i 'm just not losing unless i 'm done within three hours of bedtime .
i only really lose when i restrict my day and focus on not eating anything after 6 pm strictly .
the ugliest frog i 've ever seen the demon of song has fallen to my undead .
i 'm done with the frog i 'm done with amana it took me months but here i am in the undead crypt .
i never spoke with nashandra i do n't even know what i did there but somehow i managed to get to the looking glass knight .
on to my next adventure and my next death !
customer data from exchanges kyc being sold on darkweb this why we need dex adoption https goo.gl/xxs8eh
join telegram channel for free crypto bot crypto signal https t.me/cryptosignalalert
could anyone suggest an accessible and dog-friendly place to view tonight 's lunar eclipse in the c'ville area ?
i was thinking skyline drive but it 's going to be pretty frigid up there today and not sure if it 's open .
i just moved to a new apartment where my mini fridge is no longer needed .
it still works great and i 'd be happy to prove that if necessary .
edit here is a link to the amazon page .
it is n't available anymore but i think i got the original price wrong so i 'll update what i 'm asking for .
glyph 2cwxeu6z very interesting layout the further you explore .
probably one of the largest labyrinths i 've encountered .
tier 3 anti-clockwise metamorphosis is found on layer 3 pre-boss .
bosses are canon giant keeper of the old lords and amy .
ive been together with my gf for a while now almost 10 years and we already moved together .
the house we live in belongs to the parents of her stepdad and they live in the appartment right below us .
there is a long tradition of beeing winegrowers in my gf family so this house is one of the oldest in our town .
there is a huge yard and a huge barn .
to get to the garden you need to walk either through the barn or walk completely around the property so its out of question that we walk right through the barn .
since the garden is accessible for basically anyone in town we do lock the barndoor which leads to the garden .
a while ago my girlfriend was on vacation with her grandparents so i was alone with our 2 dogs .
it was a rainy day around 6pm and also pretty dark outside .
so the lazy guy i am i didnt want to take the dogs for a long walk but let them run in the garden for 10 minutes .
so i grab the leashes a flashlight and walked outside to the barn .
i opened the door and heard weird noices and my dogs started barking .
so before going to the garden i took the dogs back into the house and inspected first alone because it was hard enough the hold the flashlight and 2 dogs at the sametime while also investigating whats wrong there .
i thought there might be a fox or something .
after getting the dogs back to the house i opened the barndoor again and searched with the flashlight for anything and i saw dozen of broken winebottles all around the place .
as i walked towards the middle of the barn i got the shock of my life .
a middle aged guy half naked dirty unkempt and wet run to me screaming „i am so sorry .
i yelled at him „stay right where you are ! with shaking knees as i was about to passout because of fear .
i asked him who the fuck he was and why he is here .
he wasnt able to speak really clear and seemed to be confused and even more scared than i was .
he told me that he is searching for karen .
i told him that there is no karen on this property and that he needs to leave immidiately or i have to call the cops .
i was about to open the door to the garden so that he can leave as i realized that this door is always closed and there is no way he got in here through this door .
i realized he must have gotten on the property through another way and walked into the barn .
as i was leading him the other way out he was right behind me and i realized i should probably let him go first because that moment i was so scared that he might got a knife and is about to ram it in my back .
he apologizes again for breaking into our property but told me again that he is searching for karen .
i repeated that there is no karen on this property and told him to leave .
as he was leaving he mumbled „im sure she lives here .
later that day the grandparents her stepdads parents came home and i told them about the incident as i was still cleaning the barn .
i dont know if it was coincidence but i felt like i was in a bad horrorstory because they told me that about 30 years ago a woman named karen broke atleast once a week into the property claiming that all of this belongs to her .
local police wasnt doing anything about her because she was mentally ill and one day she was gone .
that was probably the scariest week of my life .
beside many stories in this subreddit this one is actually true and happened a while ago .
so i have n't played skyrim in over 4 years i think and am currently doing a fresh reinstall because the game would n't launch .
needless to say all my modded saves are probably lost so i 'm starting a new one .
i want to know if you guys could recommend me some mods for a playthrough i have in mind or maybe recommend some other ideas for modded playthroughs .
my idea was to use alternative start to make a character who works a shitty job in the city and decides to run away and live in the wilderness for a while using frostfall for that then he 'll develop into a vagrant going from town to town taking quest installing the notice board mod for witcher style quest boards and the endgame might be settling down maybe something like that one mod that let 's you run a brewery .
i 'm also looking for a mod that let 's me not be the dragonborn and that works with alternative start appart from that i 'm open for suggestions .
i recently built my first pc and decided to use a powerline adapter rather than a wi-fi adapter as the router in my house is downstairs and it 's not practical to run a cable upstairs .
yesterday i set up the powerline adapter for the first time and there were no issues .
however last night i tried to connect to the wi-fi using my ps4 but i was unable to .
i brought my ps4 downstairs to try and it worked so took it back upstairs and it did n't .
then this morning no devices were able to connect to the wi-fi in any room except my room where my pc is connected to my powerline adapter except the ps4 which still would n't work .
i unplugged the ethernet cable from the router and the wi-fi started working on all devices over the house again .
i tried reconnected the ethernet cable but the wi-fi stopped working again .
any ideas on what could be causing this issue ?
and if there 's anything i can do to fix it ?
bloodied lever action 10 damage while aiming faster move speed while aiming
so i just got the slim a week ago already completed uncharted 4 on it now starting horizon zero dawn .
like they are kind of choppy and there is some fps drop which occurs rarely like 1-2 times when i play for 5-6 hours .
is it because of my eyes not being used to them yet or is my slim defective ?
also my slim is plugged to a power splitter in which other devices are plugged too and sometimes the slim does n't turn on .
it turns on only when i remove the other devices from the splitter .
i 've been trying to master the art of color correction and color grading .
i watched many many hours of tutorials and i feel like i have a very nice grasp on shooting editing and color correcting and grading .
however for the life of me no matter what i shoot i ca n't never get a nice appealing clean cinematic '' look .
i do n't know what the hell i 'm doing wrong it 's very frustrating .
attached it 's a link with two raw 4:1 videos that i shot on my bmpcc 4k at 24 fps 180 degree shutter angle 400 native iso viltrox speedboster and sigma f mount 18-35mm 1.8 art.i tried to give these videos a nice clean natural looks using basic color correction/grading techniques also with luts but they all look horrible .
this is very frustrating and discouraging.can some please take a look at these two videos and color correct and grade them with a look that you thing is appropriate and share the project file with me to see what i was doing wrong and maybe learn from it .
link to movie files https drive.google.com/open ? id=1lbekv5880a0frme7lnmhwwblns8zrdb8 https drive.google.com/open ? id=1lbekv5880a0frme7lnmhwwblns8zrdb8
historically most of what we believe about the old west was invented in the 1920s hollywood .
men did n't where gun belts most indigenous people did n't live in teepees .
all we know about wyatt earp was written by wyatt earp .
tombstone arizona had telephones long before the shootout at the ok corral .
real life ai n't as good as the movies .
where i live nc it 's still legal to open carry .
the attitude about firearms is very different around here than i see elsewhere .
like a person walks around open carrying and it 's just whatever .
kind of normal and nobody makes a fuss over it .
my father carried his pistol on his hip in the 90s in texas .
as far as i know he 's never stopped .
took me quite some time to think about it and it probably changes every year but here are my standings at the moment
honorable mentions to metallica kill em all tool 10000 days anthrax among the living dream theater train of thought
does 'east kai keeping watch 2nd auto ability affect when someone combos ?
can 'group leader pilaf ' take away barrier from a card .
recently he has been having issues with his internet when playing video games .
he says he gets 30 packet loss and his ping is pretty bad .
he has his ps4 hardwired as well and his internet is 100 mbps .
last night i told him to call spectrum internet and upgrade his internet as well as tell them his issues .
they told him they do n't know what the issue is and upgrading his internet to 250 mbps and it worked for a couple hours and then the packet loss came back .
also his wifi he 's getting only 45 mbps which to me seems very low if his actual speed is 250 mbps .
should i tell him to get a new router or modem ?
yup i 'm also in rural ok and was slightly confused by the whole question because of how common it is for me to see people with guns openly carried .
i forget that ok and other very rural places are more an anomaly than the norm for most people
where do the cls advanced beginning arabic courses start and end in the al-kitaab series ?
if they do n't use those textbooks what do they use ?
and where do they start and end in those books for that particular level ?
i 've attempted suicide more than once over the years but did n't tell anybody at the time once in the house of a psychologist my dad 's girlfriend and living partner who ignored me choking myself in the room next door .
i later cut my arms to ribbons called the mental health service/team i 'd been given different tablets by so they sent 2 paramedics round who tested my blood and said there 's nothing they could do .
nhs mental health service at it 's finest y'all .
they did say at the rough sleepers organization that they could n't introduce me to anybody who had at least some idea of what to expect as i go through the particularly non-specific mental health care plan i signed in my psychologists and dad 's missus front room .
everything my fault chime the family go see a doctor they say .
before i post this it asks if your human right ? ''
well part of my psychotherapy had me breakdown in to tears because i 'd become a mutant though i 'm not a robot algorithm or computer program or a radiator for that matter so i 'll tick that box .
i am having a hell of a time with the segment where the floor becomes spikes and you have to fight the flying enemies in a limited play area .
i seem to always die at the part where you fight the bumblebee enemies that shoot orange projectiles in 4 directions .
wpi has been one of my top schools for awhile .
i 've visited the campus before and i am overall very impressed with this school 's programs and environment .
however i am still not sure what i 'd like to major in specifically .
i am more interested in rbe but i 'm also very interested in ece .
i was wondering if any current rbe or ece majors could give any input as to how they feel about their programs at wpi .
we here in the imagi-nation lead by yours truly are welcoming and support your builds no matter how basic or overwhelmingly advanced it is .
i am truly excited reddit to build up this amazing chance to a community .
it 's you yes you who can become a member of hopefully one of the biggest communities on reddit .
in march of 2019 our youtube channel will launch .
will you be a part of our community by then ?
if so all it takes is 2 clicks join us .
i know i 've told y'all this before but the pharmacy i use closes at 6pm .
we will definitely get these prescriptions sent in well before they close .
i was just making sure since i 'm completely out of tramadol .
me 5:59pm calls pharmacy one last time before they close .
me 7:15pm the pain is already climbing towards a 10 .
tonight will be hell on earth for me all bc my dr his incompetent staff ca n't get their crap together !
i have to ship assc hoodie and dhl is the best choice in terms of price it costs me 19.99 euros from superbuy .
do you think is it safe to ship assc with dhl ?
trying to measure your political views in different political dimensions/categories .
the quiz is translated to english so there may be
hoping someone can help me with a projector/receiver/firetv setup issue i ca n't figure out .
i recently bought a house with a theatre room .
house was built in 2004 so they left all the equipment which was sadly also purchased around that time .
i have a sony vpl-hs10 projector which only has rgb component svideo and dvi ports that run to a media closet where the receiver is .
i replaced the old receiver with a yamaha rx-v673 so i would have hdmi ports .
i ultimately want to plug an amazon firetv into receiver so i can watch netflix amazon prime and most importantly plex but i ca n't get the projector to show anything .
i have the amazon firetv plugged into hdmi 1 on the receiver and the rgb cables plugged into component on receiver with an optical cable between the two .
i know i need a new projector but trying to make this one last a while until i find which one i want and budget for it .
it 's actually legal to open carry but illegal to conceal carry without a concealed carry licence .
you only need to be of legal age and not prohibited from owning a firearm to open carry in states that allow it .
i usually see toons with greatswords on their shoulders and i have no idea how they do it if it 's a command or whatever .
also i 'm pretty sure it does not have anything with sheathe command or selecting an empty weapong set .
i 'm having to switch to a healthy diet and having to exercise more .
how can i motivate and discipline myself so i can keep going .
please tell me anything i 'm 16 and this is because of s medical condition
i do n't believe it ever stopped being holstered in public it 's just uncommon in urban areas since it 's not very practical more conservative rural areas you can see that more .
so i have a £75 voucher at a department store and i was thinking of putting it towards some kind of beauty gadget any recommendations ?
i 've seen good things about the foreo cleansing devices so if anyone has any experience with those then i 'd been interested in your opinion .
anyone have an informed opinion on using h r block tax software vs turbotax ?
i 've been turbotaxing for 7 or 8 years and it 's been fine for me but not great .
this amazon treasure truck deal today https www.amazon.com/ttgo with h r block tax software service for 19.99 has my interest .
my roommate we 'll call her laurel has been best friends with my girlfriend also our roommate there 's also 2 guys who live with us since high school .
i 've known bella the girlfriend since our senior year sophomore in college now and for the entirety of our friendship/relationship bella has been coming to me when laurel makes her angry for whatever reason .
bella is upset with laurel more often than she is n't and it 's not anything new .
when it is i just listen but i ca n't help but feel protective and angry about it .
last week we all got drunk i do n't normally drink so this was kind of a big deal for me and laurel and i ended up talking about her mental health struggles .
one thing led to another and drunk me told her that i do n't think her problems are just anxiety i think she smokes weed as a bandaid fix and it 's making things worse and the killer i think she has borderline personality disorder and her mom might too maybe should n't have said that but i did .
for the record i 'm not the first person who brought up bpd .
bella 's psychologist aunt did in high school i 'm just the first person to tell laurel because i dated someone who had it and recognize the self destructive manipulative impulsive and harmful symptoms .
she promptly freaked the f out ran out our front door taking her girlfriend coincidentally one of my best friends with her .
now they 're both super pissed at me and want me to apologize but i do n't want to .
my moral justification for the comment is that i was being completely honest about something that bella and i have been talking about for months and i said it in the most kind way i possibly could .
the timing could have been better and it sucks that she 's hurting but i 'm not sorry and i 'd be lying if i said i was .
the real kicker to all of this is that the four of us bella me and the guys decided this weekend to ask laurel to move out when our lease is up .
bella is hurting because of laurel but laurel ca n't see that and it 's not healthy to have to live in that environment especially when the rest of us are impacted because of it .
i have no idea what to do but things are very very uncomfortable in the apartment and i 'm the one being blamed for it .
i knew when i saw his friend request on facebook it was a terrible idea to accept .
he 's 16 years older than me and was the guy who taught '' me how amazing sex could be when i was 19 and we worked together .
up until that point i had n't even entertained the idea of cheating .
after weeks of texting that led into sexting that led into planning to get together the nagging feeling of doing something wrong '' faded into a near-perpetual sense of excitement and anticipation .
part of me now wishes that first reconnection '' meeting would have been a disappointment but god it was anything but .
his whole demeanor was intoxicating his confidence his control it was like he knew he had me from the second we got together .
once things turned physical his attentiveness to my body and making me feel wanted had me more turned on than i 've been in years and made me want to reciprocate that attention just as strongly .
his size both in stature and endowment the way he was assertive without being domineering or cliche the way he worked my body with both his hands and mouth the way those same hands gripped my hips tight when he got behind me the sound my ass made slapping off his thighs as he took me one hand wrapped in my hair ... ugh ...
i swore i wouldnt catch feelings but i 'm completely in lust with him .
i know i desperately dont want to stop but i also know he 's just a fling .
i have no idea why im even posting this i just needed to get it out to someone .
not a birdwatcher or anyone who knows about birds i just wanted to question this .
i was just walking home chester uk when i heard a load of geese .
after it continuing for about 4 minutes i looked up and against the dark clouds i managed to make out the giant v shapes .
i do n't know how many passed before i looked but i saw at least a dozen probably more because i was walking and looking up every now and then formations pass me in a couple of minutes each with huge amounts of geese in .
i would estimate that some of the vs had over 200 geese .
so in the approx 7 minutes i could hear them i reckon there to have been up to 5000 geese .
they were flying north west and it was sleet/snowing .
to maximize my cp i want to include the following outrider detachment as part of my tau sept triptide list
this is legal to do but i lose sept traits so no 1 leadership on ethereal and no overwatch on 5 's for the shield drones .
i do retain my keywords to allow for savior protocols on other tau sept units and the ethereal invocations still work .
i still unlock and can use the 2cp orbital markerlight strategem while losing nothing really significant besides the ethereals 1 to leadership .
so i found a little gem of a gif over on a hypnosis subreddit and ... well ... it got the wheels in my mind turning and the ideas began to go spark .
so much so that i felt like i needed to play this out with someone or someones .
specifically subby men who like to please or enjoy a fair bit of cuckolding and feminization .
what i was thinking is that i play a dominant that the two of you come across online .
you two are curious but willing to try anything at least once .
so i send you two a little video of what exactly i can do .
little do you know that this video is a training video to turn you into my cute little obedient slaves .
and once you 've watched it you have no other pleasure in the world than my voice .
maybe you 're siblings or related in some way ?
maybe you 're friends looking for some relaxation guide and stumble on me .
maybe the two of you know exactly what you 're getting yourself into finally taking the plunge and becomings someone 's hypnotized sex toys .
or maybe we 're just a bunch of gamers that never meet in person and i send you two a video to turn you into my personal healsluts .
the possibilities are endless and open on this one .
note you do n't actually have to be a couple or be in a relationship to play this out .
however you do get bonus points if you are .
you can also get points for playing a lesbian couple/sisters/two females in general for being both taller than me i 'm 5'3 '' or being an interracial couple .
i also have a few pictures from the artist i can show you for some other prompt ideas .
hello so i 'm 23/f a us citizen and my fiance 22/m is a british citizen .
we plan on moving him to me as it is more convenient than me moving to the uk .
however one big thing i worry about is that i have debt .
it 's mainly medical from when i had a very unexpected surgery and then lost my job .
i plan on attempting to pay off any debt this year and applying for his fiance visa next year .
i know i have to basically 'sponsor ' my fiance when i apply and as a result i have to prove sufficient income but i want to know if my debt is going to hurt me in this aspect .
my friends and i got basketball tickets online but one of them got a seat in a different row .
is it possible to ask the campus ticket booth to give us tickets for nearby seats and cancel the ones we got before or do we just hope someone will switch seats with our friend ?
reclaimed by her noble family after a hellish childhood that was n't meant to be hers qin yining is bestowed the gift of a hellish family instead .
just as she turns her lot around and gains acceptance her country is plunged into danger instead .
in this absolutely riveting and spellbinding tale what does our mc do when an entire dynasty is at stake ?
translator 's note no transmigration no rebirth just a good ole smart cookie mc and a fantastic story .
hints of an ancient china version of hidden marriage in this one !
she was the firstborn of the prime minister but was switched at birth in infancy to eke out a living in the city .
when she finally returned to her family she found herself in the throes of inner residence scheming instead .
she wanted to reside peacefully with her sisters and be a filial member of the younger generation of the family but this gem of a family did n't want to leave her be !
thus she woke up to the harsh reality that she herself would have to join in the fray in order to live a good life !
fighting against white lotuses trampling green tea she can mount an ultimate comeback even when dealt a lousy hand !
do n't think i 'll shelter you just because you 've won over this girl 's stomach !
does your family know that you 've been letting your enemies go framing your loyal subjects and cooking up a storm in the kitchens ?
my husband and i are on the hunt for the hands-down-absolute-fucking-best buffalo chicken mac and cheese in tampa bay .
it seems the fad has faded and many of the restaurants that once served buffalo mac and cheese no longer do .
so tampa where can we still find an epic plate of this good pasta ?
hi not sure if this is the right place to ask but i 'm using a stream elements overlay but have added my own webcam frame and am wondering how to go the next step and make my own follow/sub/tips etc bar in the corner and am wondering how you go about making it update with every new one you get ?
in my stupidity i only sent in one copy of finger prints per form 1 on 3 letters i sent in while the shut down is in affect .
i ca n't do much until the government opens up .
the estarossa/mael plot twist is one of the best if not the best manga plot twists i 've read in my life .
it might even be better than itachi in naruto .
i mean the guy was the strongest archangel went toe to toe with meliodas only to be brainwashed into thinking he was his younger brother and feeling inferior to him for 3000 years .
next we see him get blasted by his own grace without even suspecting anything .
https smore.page.link/xhb6b i use an app called s'more that pays me for using my phone .
download with this link get a bonus when you sign up .
i would really love to play elite dangerous warthunder and hawx with my t.hotas but i hate having to buy property hotas when mine is the same thrustmaster but without the xbox firmware .
i 'm looking to give some good head it turns me on unlike anything else !
as long as you 're clean if you have any other fetishes id like to know
i 've only fasted for 2 days but after the fast i eat way too much and get sick the reason i 'm fasting is because i have ibs and after fasts my stomach and intestines are a bit more friendly to me .
i always feel like crap during fast but that 's because i 've only drank water during them .
you guys are all so good at doing fasts so i know yalls have some good advice
so one night at 3am i decided to post some gay shit which resulted in him unfollowing me and not ever speaking to me again oof .
btw i live in serbia so this is kinda common and i hate it so much .
he actually had the same interests as me and genuinely seemed nice to me
i 'm currently a sophomore in college and i 'm interested in getting my master 's degree in social work in order to pursue a career as a medical social worker .
i specifically would like to work within the special needs community and help parents cope with the diagnosis of their child .
however i want to ask what a typical day is as medical social worker specifically in the hospital setting .
also any advice or tips would be greatly appreciated !
the product launches this friday and for the first time in 3 years i have n't preordered singles .
in my local area pptq 's are the only place to find competitive sealed or standard events .
without any details from wizards the player base and stores are in a holding pattern .
i just want to be able to play the game wotc !
i have been following this sub for sometime now .
i see everyone referring to each other as ent .
the boys and i are having a 3rd plat trip in cinema and it 's pretty insane .
510 keys karambit autotronic ft b/o m9 ruby 0.025 clean hole or kara ruby 0.027 bta corner
is it better to keep 500 each month for fixed deposit at the rate of 7.5 ignoring tax as we will invest with lower income person name who is not working vs keeping it in home loan offset for interest of 5 assuming it 's ppor and loan is with higher income person name
fixed deposit is in inr loan is in australia .
not sure if this is the sub to post requests but i just ca n't get this achievement right .
i want the cqb barrel and stock for the falcon riflle but i 'm not food enough .
could anyone stealth this for me with me in the lobby ?
since upgrading to oneui my brightness keeps resetting itself even if i change it from the actual settings menu and not just the pull down menu and also i constantly have a notification telling me that my easy screen turn on is on '' and i obviously know it 's on due to the fact i turned it on ffs .
any info would be a massive help thank you .
sorry i feel like i should know the answer to this this far into the game but i ca n't find a definitive answer online .
with power armor i know that if it 's in your stash box it 's safe .
and the trick of adding all the segments on even if they 're too high level for you and letting it be auto-recalled to your inventory is a space saving godsend .
but what if you have the plans for the power armor station i do n't yet so have n't had a chance to test this .
can you a store your pa on it to free up stash space and b is it safe from theft/destruction if you do ?
just having ptsd flashbacks finding trashcan carla strutting around in my pa .
yeah so i understood why disabiling help stopping toss would ruin the gameplay '' but it is 8th time in 3 days where i got some sad kid ruining the game .
the only sollution so far is to fucking ban tiny from beggining so ppl wont pick it to troll but this has to be stopped .
rework the fucking skill if u must just make those griefers stop because this is not working in 2019 dota is freaking toxic mienfield
i 'm trying to squeeze out an extra pump but there 's nothing left
1.2.1 global reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products production growth rate comparison by types 2014-2025
1.3.1 global reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products consumption comparison by applications 2014-2025
1.4.3 north america reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products status and prospect 2014-2025
1.4.4 europe reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products status and prospect 2014-2025
1.4.5 china reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products status and prospect 2014-2025
1.4.6 japan reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products status and prospect 2014-2025
1.4.7 southeast asia reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products status and prospect 2014-2025
1.4.8 india reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products status and prospect 2014-2025
2.2 manufacturing cost structure analysis of reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products
2.3 manufacturing process analysis of reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products
2.4 industry chain structure of reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products
3 development and manufacturing plants analysis of reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products
3.3 major manufacturers technology source and market position of reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products
4.1 reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products production and capacity analysis
the global reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products market was valued at million us in 2018 and will reach million us by the end of 2025 growing at a cagr of during 2019-2025 .
this report focuses on reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products volume and value at global level regional level and company level .
reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products market size by analyzing historical data and future prospect .
regionally this report categorizes the production apparent consumption export and import of reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products in north america europe china japan southeast asia and india .
for each manufacturer covered this report analyzes their reusable endoscopic vessel harvesting products manufacturing sites capacity production ex-factory price revenue and market share in global market .
reports and markets is part of the algoro research consultants pvt .
ltd. reports and markets features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide .
we boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of market research reports under these categories and sub-categories .
the reports and markets team prides itself in being the chosen source for market research reports report customizations services and other ancillary services such as a newsletter service and corporate service for large organizations
i 've been switching blades on my excel stick throughout 1 year .
i 've probably done it between 5 and 8 times .
and yesterday at practice i remarked that my blade could move a few degrees in and out so for example when i do a slap shot the blade absorbs the shot and moves backwards a bit which is reaaaaallly annoying .
it 's not the first time that it happens to me on that stick but never had the problem on my other stick oxdog
so i already began to apply some glue on the stick end before inserting the blade did that for the last 3 times i switched blades which helped but does not seem to last long enough ...
can you tell if this is normal or should n't happen ?
what more can i do to make my blade as glued as possible to the shaft ?
or do i need to reapply glue every 2 weeks ?
ze hebben er ook een mooie mini serie verfilming van gemaakt .
in tegenstelling tot veel verfilmingen was deze minstens net zo goed als het boek naar mijn mening wat misschien komt doordat ze het boek niet in 1 film van 2 uur hebben gestopt maar in 8 afleveringen van een uur .
we do n't even have self-service checkouts here for fucks sake
these along with kingdom hearts are part of what made me a huge rpg and jrpg fan and shaped the types of games i now enjoy most .
i 'll answer currently the republicans have as a party given up on their principles for power .
the democrats are clearly the lesser of 2 evils .
atleast that fake battle pass is a little more believable than ali a 's season 4 battle pass with the flash in it .
tbh it was the first thing that came to mind .
there 's definitely a market for this although there may be some copyright issues .
yeah it 's annoying.. btw we have the same surname
look at them there 's 5 of us and they wo n't do a damn thing yeah he 's right they wo n't engage in violent behavior with people that show up to counterprotest .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
she laughed she never said anything directly to me .
ok. cat you know this but just as reassurance your dad is a dick .
the reason the cour was delayed is because isayama changed his artstyle on pieck and not wit needs to go back and change her
wo n't have great housing at first but lots of other benefits .
the north eastern section of the continent has some pretty legit spots also if you 're able to get there .
down left on the hills where the recommendation is is also legit
dude i hit like 3 visor shots on this guy
i 'd disagree i think that only applies if you 're good enough to consistently take on a decent amount of raiders and players but i think that still misses the point that you can go in with nothing run to the high-spawn locations and make a non-negligible amount of money with zero investment cost or penalty ... or come in with anything and risk anything at all .
when presented with these two options i really ca n't blame people for choosing to hatchet run and i think that is a sign of a bad system being in place one that i think would benefit us all to have addressed .
lol sadly we get somebody like this at least once a week .
i do n't have pay stubs but do n't worry bout it i get money .
that 's ah great sir but the banks are going to need to know exactly how you are going to make these payments and what that income source is .
your post has been removed for the following reason s
your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful or off-topic .
it either does not answer the legal question at hand or it is a repeat of an answer already provided please review the following rules before commenting further
if after doing so you believe this was in error or you 've edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2flegaladvice .
do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment .
you can choose which comments to distinguish as a mod
but how many of those are still paying members ?
the dropping membership claim comes from interpreting the reported drop in revenue .
i stopped paying my dues a over year before i formally cancelled my membership and i did n't stop lose any rights or communications .
and like you i start playing my best ships to break the streak ...
i have all sorts of alarm issues too and many others .
this whole thing is just a complete bag of shit .
worst case scenario you can just take many hits on the chin and keep going better to let a mech get hit than the grid early on before your squad is really rolling .
okay obviously this is n't the easiest thing to grasp
we 're not talking about a fucking football game here .
there is no 'team a ' vs 'team b ' .
this is a matter that affects the well being of millions and indirectly billions of people worldwide .
we 're talking about the future of humanity as a whole .
just because you do n't like the captain because he said mean things about your beard does n't mean you should fucking sink the entire ship .
i am in fact using 4.21 i have no idea why it compiles then still quite new to utalizing unreals delegates i 've only previously used them to expose events to blueprints .
i first thought like you did it actually worked exactly like it only i had a getter for it and it wasnt public .
however since it 's a very tight system i did n't want anything but a atriggeractor to be able to bind to this delegate hence why i made a method to set up the callback with .
the design idea for it so far is for the atriggeractor to drive all the logic literally all no other logic goes into anything else hence why the method takes an atriggeractor .
the reason for the delegate really is i dont want any other object to be able to call atriggeractor ontriggeroptioncompletedcb to start the chain of triggering the system is basically a chain reaction of trigger to handle gameplay logic so it 's private and then i set it up to be called from the trigger option through a delegate so it can access the private method .
the best ones are vinegar-based was just a hint of sugar
i do enjoy that our atmosphere is so dense that it supports heavier-than-air flight
the president wrote to a newspaper is this pakistan ?
not sure but my question is why the would you want to do that ?
just play the federalists instead of wasting time building a new country and then scrapping it to go back to the us system
i have read thorough all that but they used the asking for prophet muhammad p b.u.h when he was alive to justifies doing it when he is dead there is a event with ummar bin al-katab a cliphate and companion one year the rain did n't come down he said o allah !
we would use our prophet as a means to you and you then sent us rain now we use our prophet 's uncle as a means to you therefore send us rain ! ''
if using tawasul to the prophet pbuh was good ummar one of the people who was rightly guided told to be of people of jannah when he was still alive would have done that .
that means asking death people should n't be done since they have not connection in this life anymore and can nor harm or send pleasing surah fatir 35:13 and those whom you invoke other than him do not possess as much as the membrane of a date seed .
surah al-a'raf 7:194 indeed those you call upon besides allah are servants like you .
so call upon them and let them respond to you if you should be truthful.
and by no mean by saying that am trying to lower the rank of the prophet pbuh indeed he is the best of those who walking upon the earth but why asking him to ask forgiveness for you when allah said in surah al-baqara ayah 186 and when my servants ask you o muhammad concerning me indeed i am near .
i respond to the invocation of the supplicant when he calls upon me .
so let them respond to me by obedience and believe in me that they may be rightly guided. .
and more verses like this why people try to make medium between them and allah ?
jeff is the person who tweeted this stupid virtue signaling message not the kid in the video dummies .
gon na stick it to the man and make my own better deal .
i agree that they seem to have over reached this past year .
there was so much music that i could not even see everything i wanted to see .
a few artists seemed to have associated production staff costs that had to be really high eg odesza janelle monae .
i think the costs can be pared downwithout sacrificing the type of music and immersive art that really draws people to hula .
the case ended up settling so i got home early .
for a man swallowing the red pill is mostly realizing the true nature of women .
for a woman would it be realizing the true nature of men or realizing the true nature of women ?
the balance transfer must be completed by month 4 .
meaning if your chase account is the one you 're transferring from and it is a citi card you are going to it sounds like it may be the simplicity you 're looking at ?
you have 4 months to tell citi to take over your chase balance after being accepted for the card before the 0 for 21 months offer expires .
the middle finger felt forced as well ironically most of his dialogue and back and forth fuck yous with trevor would have fit more with grant who 's a lowly thief and was stated to be trevor 's friend .
for starters everything you read on this website unless it 's sourced is probably bullshit .
so personally i think it 's super fucking dumb that there 's a subreddit dedicated to believing people 's stories on this site .
there 's nothing wrong with not believing someone 's story because 9/10 times they 're lying .
here 's a great post https www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/qdmb8/the_same_day_my_doctor_told_me_my_cancer_was that demonstrates that sort of false validity we apply to upvotes and how easy it is to manipulate people on this site
anything you do n't actually need do n't buy .
spend money on the necessities and put everything else away .
it ... it was a joke ... watch flash and you 'll get it .
whatsapp uses a phone number to construct xmpp usernames for their subscribers they used to be in the format 1234567890 s.whatsapp.com and i have no idea what they look like now .
ipads are presumed not to have sim cards with phone numbers or any form of mobile network identifier .
as such they 're not supported by whatsapp and afaik facebook has no plans to introduce support .
whatsapp web does n't use the whatsapp application code at all afaik it 's just a proxy for your phone .
d e l e t e b r i g
it 's not hopeless yet you could get out there and rally for reform in the governments that refuse to do anything .
an important thing to note is that even the researchers have said all is not lost .
it is if you just lay down and die though .
i just stop playing events and just play ranked to do my 4 wins a day then exit the program
yes it 's horrible cancer effects everyone not just the person fighting it .
i hope your mother pulls through and beats the shit out of it .
it was rough for us because we honestly went from having a baby in august of that year to this happening right around the first week of december .
the first hospital misdiagnosed her as just having pneumonia then they tested the fluid and realized that it had cancer cells in it .
her legs were swollen and filled with cancerous fluid also .
said they could n't start chemo till mid january .
the care was horrible and it just seemed like they were leaving her there to die .
my wife and i told them to fuck off and we got her discharged before christmas and took her january second to a better hospital 40 mins away .
the second day they saw her they did chemo and had a plan to attack it .
issues with her kidneys chemo almost killing her at one point and everything else under the sun .
spent a month in the special icu forget the name but she had a nurse solely dedicated to her 24/7 .
the oncologist retired right after my mil was declared cancer free we all blame her for being so stubborn throughout the whole ordeal .
they said a ca 125 of 9000 was pretty unheard of and to come back from that was a miracle .
the foreskin has 20000 nerve endings but still is n't as sensitive as a women on her period .
i will bite your bloody legs of if i see another monty python meme
today most prescribers give zanaflex if u do research into the subject tizanidine baclofen and valium are the only real mrs. the rest just sedate people to the point they do n't care about their spasms .
i 'm sure i 'm gon na catch a lot of heat over this statement but i urge u all to do ur research i 've been on tizanidine since it was a brand name drud like 15 years ago .
since that time i 've tried every muscle relaxer out there including dantrium .
i just started a new job for a couple of days and i feel like i 'm making a big mistake .
i wanted to return back to my old company because of the people and work culture there .
the difference between my current job is that it 's a contract position while my old one was a permanent one .
should i keep staying for a month to try and adapt ?
and on the downside i have to pay a month 's salary for compensation 😞
i 'm getting my nose pierced today but in a few days i 'll have a facecast session .
i already called them for advice and and said that with a stud it 'd be fine .
but does anyone here have any extra advice perhaps ?
someone have a doc or something like that for the synthesis material ?
give me all your harry time travels to 1970 era .
already read delenda est wind shear and put your galleons where your mouth is
... originally i was gon na say that they kind of look like they have a sort of creepy thousand-yard stare going on but i accidentally took a screenshot when beetlejess was blinking and it was too silly to pass up
but yeah what 's up with the new stances ?
we have returned from a midseason break so i hope you all enjoy !
alot of work was put into this as goes for all episodes so support n stuff is highly appreciated !
so i 've already lost like 80+lbs through cico and lowering carbs .
i 'm waiting for surgery that i desperately need and the hospital just told me i need to lose another 12lbs in only 4 weeks or they wo n't operate .
i 'm under 1400 calories per day i 'm not allowed any exercise for medical reasons hello the surgery will make it possible to exercise again !
but i 've lost a lot of weight already it has n't plateaued but i usually only lose 1lb a week these days .
should i just give up on being as healthy as possible and just do fucking meal replacement scam shakes for the next 4 weeks ?
please advise me i 'm heartbroken because i have poor quality of life until this operation is done and if i do n't have it in 4 weeks i wo n't get it for a year or two .
ultimate goal is 140 but i 'm working towards that anyway .
activity is very very limited due to medical problems .
i 'm not allowed do any exercise at all .
i clock up 25,000 steps a day in work and that 's it honestly i 'm not allowed anything more i 'm not allowed even do low impact right now .
18 year old dutch guy looking for someone to chat with in german ideally a native speaker to practice and improve my german !
here is a handful of tips to trade forex better in 2019 used by experts and professionals in the market .
make the most of these tips to make good profits in no time .
hey guys ive been playing the game for 3/4 months i have a gf with 16.1 k il that i use as a buffer for the hard dg´s but i feel like sometimes i dont impact the game as much as a op or dps kinda of classes i would like to know if some of you play the class-toon and have some tips that you would like to share with me thank you for your time and attention .
i reconnected with someone after a year and went to dinner .
we picked up asking about one thing or another and i found myself oddly defending poly based on whatever article she read recently .
welllllll that is n't really my situation but ... ..
yes i remember that situation or what i said but that is n't poly specific it 's just the dating situation i was in at the moment .
or i donno i have n't done that but i can see that would be messy .
sometimes poly is explained blamed associated attributed or any number of things when it is only nominally associated .
i often resist the urge to dismiss poly as the cause the reason or the fuel for the situation but interesting that others cling to it as the scapegoat .
i do n't always put the effort in to dispel the myths and slight truths but i am annoyed by the burden it paints my situations .
do you take the time to distinguish poly from your specific situation ?
i am glad that nynaeve is riding with rand .
also i think i have a mini crush on min .
for some reason i could n't imagine the leaving from the inn segment without rains .
perineal tears incidence and risk factors a four years experience in a single saudi center by ahmad talal chamsi in interventions in gynaecology and women 's healthcare in lupine publishers https preview.redd.it/4092kef7fcd21.jpg ? width=166 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=f8ddfded3f6289b2af83163aa44d059c031d8306
background perineal trauma is a common event in obstetrics affecting up to 90 percent of primiparous and is sometime associated with considerable post-natal morbidity and mortality 1 .
these patients are at an increased risk of recurrent severe perineal lacerations in subsequent deliveries 2 .
many of these patients develop subsequent anal incontinence and sexual dysfunction despite an adequate primary sphincter repair 3 .
objectives the aim of the study is to highlight the frequency and severity of perineal tears during vaginal delivery which leads to major physical psychological and social problems .
study design and methods this retrospective cohort study analyzed all vaginal deliveries from january 2011 to december 2015 in security forces hospital riyadh saudi arabia .
data were extracted from dedicated database software for antenatal care through hospital system medical record viewer mrv and from midwife head nurse daily record system .
the data used were already available for the analysis for all patients as part of the clinical report of the obstetrics and gynecology department of security forces hospital .
results a total of 28325 patients were admitted for vaginal deliveries .
of them 406 1.4 patients sustained second third or fourth degree perineal tears .
of the 406 patients 285 70.1 were primiparous and 121 29.9 were multiparous .
the mean age of the study population was 28.08±7.47 ranging between 17-42 years table 1 .
of the total 139 32 delivered spontaneously while 276 68 delivered with the help of vacuum delivery .
the primigravida were significantly associated with the frequency of severe lacerations p 0.006 .
perineal tears were not significantly associated with episiotomy p 0.623 .
the occurrence of tears was in 313 44.3 when birth weight 4 kg p 0.001 .
identification of risk factors vigilant monitoring and supervision by senior doctors during difficult deliveries and good perineal support is recommended for minimizing the risk of perineal trauma as well as morbidity .
for more lupine publishers http www.lupinepublishers.com open access journals please visit our website http www.lupinepublishers.com http www.lupinepublishers.com
for more obstetrics gynecology journals articles https lupinepublishers.com/gynecology-women-health-journal please click here https lupinepublishers.com/gynecology-women-health-journal https lupinepublishers.com/gynecology-women-health-journal
love listening to the big papi and would love a deck to complement his macho lectures .
i miss the old style of streams so much .
grinding all the things or other easy content and chilling and talking about life and listen to heavy metal .
but overall it was chill and philosophy and metal music .
and i got the feeling to chill with a metal neckbeard .
going down on someone i do n't know doing something that intimate with a complete stranger is one my favorite things in the world .
and thinking about doing my favorite thing in the world can keep me warm even when marching through snow slush during one of the coldest weeks on record .
this is the fantasy i 'd like to turn into a reality
you message me seeking survival supplies canned food booze weed a newspaper aaa batteries ancient 3.25 floppy disks whatever –basically anything at all that creates the reason for this mission .
i obtain it and trek through the cold and snow to get it to you .
i knock on your door/ring your buzzer and you let me in .
i remove the item from my pack and hand it you .
at this point you can say thank you and i leave and that 's the end of the scene .
there 's something i need from you. and ask me to join you in the bedroom or on the couch or on a bearskin rug in front of the fireplace etc .
i take off my boots and coat and follow you there .
you direct me to put my face between your legs and i do .
after you 're done cumming you indicate that it 's time for me to go .
i put my things back on and i prepare to leave .
before i walk out the door you say here take this and press an object of some sort can be anything in the world whether symbolic or totally random in my hand .
i put the object in my pack and walk back out into the snow your scent and the memory keeping me warm on the long cold trek back home .
let me know if you 'd like to act this out with me .
i 'm looking for tonight monday 1/28 but looks like conditions will be right for this for at least the rest of the week .
ps on your period unshaved or unshowered are all a for this particular scene
my iphone 7 plus struggles to get above 3mbps on lte yet when my hotspot is connected to my computer wi-fi i can easily get 10+mbps .
i can barely stream 480p videos on my phone yet 1080p is working flawlessly on my desktop .
what 's even weirder is i am on the sprint 55 plan which i believe only has 3g speeds mhs .
dear ladies and gents we are glad to share some good news !
now ethereum holders can shop on amazon ebay and loads of other online stores using eth .
with the help of bitstore.tech https bitstore.tech one of the first uk shopping platforms for crypto-shoppers you can spend eth in online stores like amazon or ebay buying desired items ordinary goods or vouchers/gift-cards and enjoying hassle free shopping .
join us at https bitstore.tech https bitstore.tech download out chrome app and start your purchases within the major global stores now !
list of our stores https bitstore.tech/stores to be expanded and soon bitstore will be released to android
currently we work with vendors located in uk for example amazon.co.uk https amazon.co.uk
delivery is available to 36 different countries if chosen uk vendor does not deliver to your country we offer bitstore.tech https bitstore.tech custom delivery using operators like dpd dhl ups .
to quickly assess the benefits of our platform look at the bitstore.tech promo https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=slrar2kmfoy feature=youtu.be
we went live recently so any feedback is appreciated !
you can submit it via website contact form e-mail info bitstore.tech mailto info bitstore.tech or join our discord channel
the watchtower is a type this means that the scripture is talking about the anti-christ but it also has partial application in false religions the man of lawlessness is not limited to the watchtower but can be applied to other cults .
1 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-1.htm now we request you brethren with regard to the coming or presence of our lord jesus christ and our gathering together to him rapture in jw theology the resurrection that began in 1914
2 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-2.htm that you not be quickly shaken from your composure or be disturbed either by a spirit or a message or a letter as if from us to the effect that the day of the lord has come future deception in the last days watchtower awake magazines .
3 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-3.htm let no one in any way deceive you for it will not come unless the apostasy comes first and the man of lawlessness is revealed the son of destruction jesus will not return until the anti-christ is revealed the watchtower is exposed and destroyed
4 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-4.htm who opposes and exalts himself above every so-called god or object of worship so that he takes his seat in the temple of god displaying himself as being god .
the anti-christ will literally sit down in the 3rd temple of god that will be rebuilt by the jews in the future the governing body have literally made themselves god in the minds of jehovah 's witnesses by their doctrines and actions
5 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-5.htm do you not remember that while i was still with you i was telling you these things ?
6 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-6.htm and you know what restrains him now so that in his time he will be revealed .
7 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-7.htm for the mystery of lawlessness is already at work only he who now restrains will do so until he is taken out of the way .
8 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-8.htm then that lawless one will be revealed whom the lord will slay with the breath of his mouth and bring to an end by the appearance of his coming anti-christ is killed at the second coming governing body is killed at second coming all religions will be destroyed at the second coming whether they were annexed into the anti-christ 's religion islam or not
9 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-9.htm that is the one whose coming is in accord with the activity of satan with all power and signs and false wonders anti-christ will use witchcraft governing body use the activity of satan with signs and false wonders just look at the stupid things jws say that prove this is god 's organization ''
10 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-10.htm and with all the deception of wickedness for those who perish because they did not receive the love of the truth so as to be saved .
all followers of the anti-christ governing body will perish because they did not love the truth so as to be saved
11 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-11.htm for this reason god will send upon them a deluding influence so that they will believe what is false
12 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-12.htm in order that they all may be judged who did not believe the truth but took pleasure in wickedness .
13 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-13.htm but we should always give thanks to god for you brethren beloved by the lord because god has chosen you from the beginning for salvation through sanctification by the spirit and faith in the truth .
14 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-14.htm it was for this he called you through our gospel that you may gain the glory of our lord jesus christ .
15 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-15.htm so then brethren stand firm and hold to the traditions which you were taught whether by word of mouth or by letter from us .
16 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-16.htm now may our lord jesus christ himself and god our father who has loved us and given us eternal comfort and good hope by grace
17 http biblehub.com/2_thessalonians/2-17.htm comfort and strengthen your hearts in every good work and word .
ultimately the chapter is directly aimed at the anti-christ .
the governing body will lead jehovah 's witnesses into taking the mark of the beast though and all jws will be converted into radical muslims both cults deny that jesus is god and since the governing body are already confirmed to be satanists they will undoubtedly lead the jws into islam with some false bs new light explanation and twisting of scripture to make them all believe its true and since they worship the governing body instead of jesus they will happily accept this along with the false wonders of the anti-christ i am talking the strongest forms of witchcraft that will deceive if possible the elect stuff you see in movies and games coming to real life .
daniel 2:43 and in that you saw the iron mixed with common clay they will combine with one another in the seed of men but they will not adhere to one another even as iron does not combine with pottery .
who 's seed is combining with the seed of men ?
demons for just as in the days of noah so will it be in the last days they may pose as islam 's version of angles or alien/angel hybrids this will undoubtedly deceive many people into worshipping the anti-christ who is possessed by satan himself .
i 'm looking to create a game like mario where there are worlds where you can walk in 3-dimensional space and enter levels .
and also not allow players to go past levels they have n't passed yet .
as well as make it so that after the levels are passed the player can come back into the same room but the things blocking the player from moving would disappear and the paths would fil in .
i do not know how to create an overworld that would not include multiple rooms to make one world .
this comes from an argument i had recently about how little impact western players have in the owl .
personally i do n't think that true so i thought i 'd ask the sub .
obviously if you feel differently that plays a part .
hey guys i just wanted to put my experience out there to prevent it from happening to others .
i recently purchased a water pipe from a seller on dhgate .
i tracked it today and it says in has been delivered in san antonio texas about four states over from my home in georgia .
it was not an expensive item it was just one that i really wanted .
i messaged the seller to no response because that would be to easy .
i went on to live chat and was placed in a eleven person que so i waited and would check the que until i was number two and then bam the live chat became unavailable and i was sent back to tang tang .
and it would not let me on live chat after .
i am unable to open a dispute because its still within the delivery window .
i have messaged customer service and now wait for a response .
i 've seen a lot of people discussing how they 're disappointed with amnesty and how it does n't appeal to them in the same way that balance did .
i 'm currently on episode 8 and i have n't been able to make myself finish it .
i 'm aware that it takes a while for a show to find its footing and i 've seem some posts indicating that the story has really taken off recently .
aka what would you tell those of us who are n't fans in order to change our minds ?
feel free to talk about specific moments but please use spoiler tags for anything huge .
apologies if this has been done before the only similar threads i could find looked like they 'd contain spoilers so i stayed away .
i just wanted to thank them for taking on metroid prime 4 and let them know i have the fullest confidence in their abilities to make a great game that we 've all been waiting for .
their website does n't seem have a listed email address and i prefer email as a means of contacting companies for this sort of thing .
every now and then i still send mom a message via google .
there really is n't much left aside from what i remember .
so we 're coming up on two years gone .
in fact i still forget every now and then .
the last time i tried to call her was about 2 months ago .
the lady on the other end was n't mean i just told her i had dialed the wrong number .
i had n't it just was n't who i wanted to speak to .
i 've since then deleted mom 's phone number .
when there 's something i want to talk to her about i ca n't .
there are n't many people out there who know the frustration of not having that person to talk to .
just like there was no substitute for my oma or my opa .
i understood with the death of my grandparents that this is part of life .
i was very sad do n't get me wrong .
there 's a hole that 's not going to fill up .
trae understands the void with the loss of his dad a short time before mom went .
it 's a succubus of time and wasted memory for phones .
it is mostly a billboard of all things that are important to you but may not be that big of a deal to someone else .
i 'm not on here often with the exception of sharing pictures of sebastian and karoline .
i do n't like many posts not because i do n't actually like them but because i do n't have time to click like '' for every single thing .
what i do like this type of forum for is for expressing things that i ca n't get out in any other format .
i do n't mind others reading and i do n't mind if you do n't .
i do n't mind if you like or do n't like the post .
i only wanted to get something off my chest .
i remember spending the night in the hospital with mom and karoline she was in my belly keeping me company .
the nurses would n't let me sleep in the room with mom .
instead i made do with two hospital waiting room chairs .
i had company for a while that was much appreciated .
at around 6 in the morning one of the head nurses came in and told me i needed to make a decision .
there was no coming back and mom needed to go .
i spent a lot of time in that room by myself with my mom .
asking her how i was going to get through this .
each time i talked she would squeeze my hand .
that night she did tell me she loved me and trae and sebastian .
when mom finally went family was there but from that moment on through planning what to do next i felt alone .
yes i 'm aware family and friends are there for support but you ca n't replace that emptiness .
i still get a little jealous of those that still have their mother 's .
i get jealous when i see grandmother 's spending time with their grandbabies .
maybe that 's why i do n't spend a lot of time on here .
i 'm still a little bitter at the fact that i do n't have that .
while i know it 's not the negative that you 're supposed to focus on that 's what i focus on .
it 's not all the time but it is a lot of the time .
i know all of the positive comments and the advice you get when dealing with this kind of loss .
i know all of the answers and everything that everyone says .
sometimes you just want someone to not say anything .
sometimes i 'm grasping for that motherly advice that i desperately miss .
if i ask so many questions or if i am too quiet it 's all for the same reason i do n't have a mom to go to .
now that i 'm coming up on the two year mark i probably wo n't post as much about this in the future .
if it gets buried in your facebook feed that 's okay too .
hi could you please take a few mins out of your time to kindly answer my epq questionnaire .
i had done one a couple of months ago and from the feedback i have modified my question layout .
please answer sensibly as i will need to use it for my epq essay
my trial ended a few days ago i signed up before i moved out of my old house.. not sure if that has anything to do with this.. idk if it has to do with my ip.. but just super confused and i plan on buying it..
legally speaking i deleted the program due to fear of being charge or getting a bill ... but i wanted to know if this was normal .
there 's literally one other person in the cinema besides my friend and my younger brother was expecting it to be packed aus
edit uhh that was fucking awesome brother said it 's the best movie he 's ever watched
i 'm a rtl-sdr researcher and dsp learner currently working on a project for properly figuring rtl2832 and i/q fundamentals out .
the project is about reading raw i/q samples processing samples and creating fft graph from them .
i tried to explain what i 'm doing in detail with comment lines .
i 'm hoping that i will be helpful to rtl-sdr beginners with this rtl\_map c project .
another purpose of the rtl\_map project is making a frequency scanner application for signal security researches .
another information about the project installation instructions and example usages exist at the github repository .
i 'd be thankful for comments about the project contributions with pull requests and new ideas .
i figured this would be a good community to consult .
do any of you remember the funyuns bag in the 1980s having an illustration of two children a boy and a girl both popping some funyuns into their mouths ?
i always said that i was going to get this image tattooed on my back if i could just find the image .
the problem is that i can find a single image of this on the internet anywhere .
it 's quite possible that i 'm just not that good of an internet sleuth or maybe my mind just made up the whole kids eating funyuns on the back of the bag .
does anyone remember this or know where i can find this image that has driven me bonkers trying to find for 15 years ever since i wanted to get a tattoo of it ?
so i might be late to the party but i did a search and found nada .
basically the other night we were doing some treasure maps and after opening the chest we got to play what can only be described as ffxiv play your cards right .
with every correct guess your loot increases and i had my guys screaming higher ! ''
got to the 4 and that was enough for us ... we take chances but at a total of 15mil worth of minions we stuck !
you know its gon na be good when a lynel spawns in the great plateau
all i really listen to is drumcode-esque techno i know how shameful and i still like it despite how many on this sub do n't but i 'm interested in hearing what you guys consider to be actual techno .
i 'd say im into more of the heavy stuff i like the tribal-like techno very much into acid techno but ill give anything a listen so if you guys could recommend some mixes songs and playlists it would be greatly appreciated !
this teacher does not teach me and never will she teaches french while i take spanish .
i was recently apprehended for something i did n't do but my friend who looks like me and is abroad atm did .
i am afraid she will find me and things would happen .
i have already moved where i sit during lunchtimes .
my locker is where she teaches too so i 've decided to limit going there .
i do n't want either of us to get in trouble and i think she 'll forget about it later .
save big on hotel room rates for fairfield inn by marriott springfield springfield .
book online now at fairfield inn by marriott springfield https www.reservations.com/hotel/fairfield-inn-by-marriott-springfield-springfield-il .
i 'm currently looking for a balanced headset that is good with 7.1 surround sound and has a decent mic .
these headset are within my price range but i ca n't find any good comparisons online so i decided to come here for advise .
sorry in advance for poor formatting i do n't post really often .
i saw a stardust chart that told me everything i gain above level 30 pokemon is marginal and not really worth it besides bragging etc .
stardust since i never upped a single pokemon ever .
i am now thinking if i should maybe do it ?
my best pokemon atm is a slaking with 4115 cp .
should i max some pokemon out or just keep saving until stardust can buy better things than level upgrades ?
my community is permanently maxing but they aint stronger at raids as i am subjectively felt
every single time i fell in love it was so passionate it overwhelmed me in every way .
none of my relationships lasted more than 2 years and in a way they 've all been quite chaotic as i was always drawn to those artsy type of guys who loved mind games and i rarely fell for someone who gave me a deep sense of security .
it was either a really toxic guy who would n't care about me or a completely controlling and jealous type of male i thought jealousy=love .
looking back on my background and history of growing up in a fairly cold surroundings one parent alcoholic other workaholic and being sexually assaulted as a teen i made a connection and sought for help .
for the past two years i 've been in therapy and i 'm slowly figuring out that maybe if i ever chose to be in a long term relationship because i want it it will have to be a choice made with my head not with my heart '' .
my heart almost goes into overdrive when i fall for someone and always these people embody the characteristics of either one of my abusers .
so i have been thinking about a companionship as a start .
i am honestly ashamed and scared every time i like someone because my fear of dating another emotionally distant/unstable person freaks me out so i 'd rather stay single but i 'd like to fall in love with the right person .
i do n't know how else to put it ...
according to data from the peckshield situational awareness platform on january 28 yesterday the number of bitcoin active addresses initiating transaction addresses was 335,000 the number of new addresses was 249,000 the number of transactions was 276,000 and the total transaction amount was 735,000 btc .
these data have been falling continuously in the last four days .
compared with the data on january 24 the number of active addresses decreased by 22 the number of new addresses decreased by 22 the number of transactions decreased by 10 and the total transaction volume decreased by 50 .
i 'm using a sensei raw on macos mojave so far so good .
i 've installed steelseries engine 3 to set up some buttons .
i binded the left two buttons to the macos specific forward and back buttons but they do n't seem to work in safari in some of my dev tools they are now working to navigate but not convinced if those tool just make use of mouse 4 and 5 .
but it 's not only safari also other browser do n't like it .
i also set the button right under the mouse wheel to open mission control but also does n't work .
it seems like macos somehow prevents steelseries engine 3 to take control of the mouse actions .
are there any settings i need to change to get it to work ?
yes i know i could use the magic mouse 2 i have one but it 's pain in the ass even after years of using .
the sensor is bad it feels bad it 's not precise .
it does n't even work well on many mousepads .
just saying everythig is up2date i just installed the tools i rebooted i save settings again tried all so far .
i do n't have any other macos related issues reported here .
i feel like it 's a bug with steelseries engine .
i opened a ticket at steelseries had a chat with an employee he was friendly but could n't help me either .
you attract what you feel is so true ... ..guys just believe that whatever you want is out there ... you know what i mean and you got ta have a clear vision and a clear belief in it and it will happen no matter what ... stop cursing your life and instead be grateful for the things you have ... for the small things as well ... .like thank you that i have a bed to put new bedsheets and all ... or like thank you i shat freely or something ... just be happy and thankful and be in the vibe i mean in the flow and seriously what ever you want will appear ... .
i 'm gon na tell you what i achieved ...
i scored 310 340 in gre exam and trust me i did n't do much hardwork i just went blindly believing that i will score 310 exactly the no .
and i went and i enrolled my self in the exam and i was always being thankful and grateful for things and being happy and a had a clear belief that i will score 310 and guess what i did ... .i scored 310 i 'm gre i was the universe ... . trust me just be happy and visualise and belief and be grateful and thankful and u can have it too and now i 'm so ... .. fucking happy right now ... .i ca n't put them in words ... .
i 'm getting closer and closer to my dream daily and ... living a happy life ...
i have scored 310 340 in gre ... i 'm so happy and thankful and grateful for this ... .thank u so much ... ..and the universe ... .i 'm always grateful .
some gear has special effects as far as i can remember why not make set bonuses in dark souls ?
let us be honest a lot of gear is ds is just a filler or just useless items .
why not make a set bonus for some newbie item for example
obviously the bonus would work only with all 4 items equipped .
bonuses should be minor but they should be there to make things interesting .
we reached another nice round number 10 millions matches were tracked by our users .
heretics are more hated than heathens more people died fighting in the european wars of religion catholic vs. protestant than died in the crusades christian vs. muslim .
the narcissism of small difference is the notion that group members can hate a dissimilar insider more than they hate a similar outsider .
this could result in a score distribution that looks more like the uncanny valley than a normal distribution .
would this a severe impact on score voting elections ?
is it possible to use the rest api to pass customer orders to another store and if so how do i do that ?
for example when a consumer places an order from store x i want all the order details to automatically show up in store x and store y with all the relevant details in both stores e.g .
laptop has 256gb ssd and i have an external 2tb hdd .
i never store any data like pictures/music/videos/tv series on my laptop .
one day i was torrenting a very large file somewhere around 100gb .
i left my house to go eat returned back and everything seemed fine .
when i touched my hdd it was hot as hell .
i used my terminal linux to check the temperature and there was no temperature sensors on the hdd .
should i torrent to my ssd and then transfer to my hdd drive ?
i think the constant write/read will overheat the hdd .
the hdd works fine but is it safe to use ?
edit why do n't i ever keep stuff on my ssd ?
well i 'm changing my distribution every couple of months so this is less of a hassle .
i was playing origins a few days ago got the upgraded ice staff and the thunder fists ... except the thunder fists sort of mixed together with the ice staff 's melee which made it a 1 hit over round 20 the youtube link to the clip
i have n't gotten the thunder fists on bo3 with an upgraded staff before so idk if this is part of the game ...
my job is n't too unbearable it is well paying and has great opportunity and progression but is not at all rewarding .
is it worth trying to find something more enjoyable however may pay less ?
or keep up the grind knowing fire will come ?
i 'm not sure i 'll ever enjoy working.. and it 's difficult to come to terms with the thought of the next 15 years of my life being a daily grind .
im playing archer right now and its feeling the most boring shit ever in tera the dps is indeed good as i read on other posts but the fact that the massive dmg comes from my charge skills or just super long cast makes the gameplay feel so damn boringggg .
does this change at higher levels or should i just move to a new char ?
if i do move to a new char any recommendantions ?
is ninja something similiar to the reaper but better ?
i 'm really bad at making my own build and i just crafted the entire behemoth set but i have no idea how to make a proper build out of it .
can you guys share a build with at least evade extender 2 ?
sometimes i wonder how people claim to be critical thinkers that question what they are told and do n't believe shaky evidence still believe in god and the bible as well .
anyone successfully using esphomelib and a mq-135 gas sensor ?
currently i have mine installed using the analog pin and using the adc platform
after calibration this spits out a value ... .but not the correct value of 400 ppm .
a second way to do it is using a 3rd party library called mq135.h https github.com/georgk/mq135 if i use this library and flash the esps directly the sensors are a lot more accurate ... but this bypasses the esphomelib system .
my question is how do i incorporate the mq135.h library into esphomelib ?
i started going through this https esphomelib.com/esphomeyaml/components/sensor/custom.html ? highlight=sensor but i want to make sure i 'm on the right track before wasting a bunch of time trying to figure it out .
i have been using deliveroo with plus membership for more than a month yesterday i found out that they added min 10 per order even when you paid for membership .
i was using it a lot because 10 a month is not bad and can spend like 5-6 per meal so same as going out for eating .
now they added min per order and my lazy-ass have to start thinking about alternatives .
i 'm looking for a spreadsheet where i can keep record of all my send and recieved postcards .
i have been asked to arrange a song for satb .
it 's supposed to be part of a stage production and i want to familiarize myself with choir music techniques of the renaissance can somebody recommend online resources for my research ?
i have composed for satb before but not in this particular style .
i think that it would be possible however difficult to procure that these could be used for wand making
even though there are no canonical accounts of these substances being used as cores i think that based on the known cores these would fit into the group .
permabanned already and by far the strongest hero with quillen .
increase his cds or at best shorten his dashes .
but right now he 's basically the new broken lindis .
and yes i know blablabla toxic fanto blablabla insert childish boring comment just skip that part and look at the horrible balance state of this game for once .
i 'm going to ask a quite vague question apologies if this is the wrong place for this .
a few months ago i heard a short piece https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=omsjln6tndy that was oddly distinctive enough that i matched it instantly to the very short horn opening in the waltz of the flowers https youtu.be/0arjsjm8dgs ? t=87 at 1:27 conductor here https imgur.com/a/wj4kok3 .
this was the first time i 've felt like this not to mention that the last time i had listened to it was more than 10 years ago .
i 've been trying to narrow down the theory behind it but my music classes were a long time ago all i can tell from the conductor is that this is a regular major chord in a a c e some notes are exchanged in the two pieces .
is there any significance behind it being used like this ?
any other clues or maybe analyses of this part of the nutcracker i can read ?
you also live in a high voter fraud state .
does anyone know if there is a roadmap somewhere or where one can write feature suggestions ?
while i do think it 's a good tdm map and do n't want it removed from there it 's much better as a onslaught map .
it 's one of the few large capture point maps and requires more skill and provides a good challenge for a lot of players .
it does n't have to be removed from tdm just add it back to onslaught as well
i tried to buy a soda but they 've got the doors locked there are broken beer bottles lying around and police and ems are on the scene .
so i have played through leon a and am doing claire b right now but what i want to know is if claire a/leon b changes anything .
i know that some story beats are different mainly with ada and chief irons but do the puzzles change or anything along that line ?
due to performance issues the encrave earning option instagc.com/earn/encrave will be disabled at the end of the month .
wibson thе decentralized marketplace thаt enables consumers tо profit from thеir personal data tоday announced thе launch of its mobile app wibson tоken wib and data platfоrm іn argentіna spaіn and thе u.k .
wibson supports consumers ' ability tо sell thеir personal data directly tо data buyers such as technology platfоrms advertіѕers marketers academics and data-fоr-social-good researchers .
іn thе wibson marketplace consumers decide when and tо whom thеy sell thеir data based on transparent market-driven offers thаt clearly outlіne thе data requested price іntended use and data buyer .
thе company has previously received fundіng from dgg capital kenetic capital and telefonica 's іnvestment arm wayra among othеrs .
consumer data іѕ now thе world 's most valuable asset .
thе wibson platfоrm and tоken provide consumers an easy way tо profit from thе personal data thеy create everyday while assertіng full rights of ownership over thеir personal іnfоrmation.
wibson provides data buyers direct access tо consumers ' validated authеntic data and clear consent fоr its use іn fully transparent market-based transactions .
data іѕ fuelіng growth fоr thе biggest companies іn thе world but new models like wibson 's are emergіng tо reshape thе space .
wіth all thе developments around personal data wibson іѕ buildіng an impressive team thаt 's focused on a future when consumers demand control of thеir data.
thеre are three types of participants іn thе wibson data marketplace
data sellers іndividuals who are lookіng tо profit from thеir personal data іn a trusted and transparent market-driven environment .
data buyers busіnesses and othеr entities such as academic and social-good researchers who want tо purchase authеntic and validated data directly from consumers .
notaries organizations thаt can verify and validate personal data authеnticity and accuracy and arbitrate dіѕputes іn a fair and consіѕtent manner .
thе іnteraction of thеse three roles іѕ governed by smart contracts wіthіn thе wibson network thаt іѕ deployed on thе ethеreum blockchaіn .
wіth wibson data sellers ' data remaіns on thеir own devices until thеy decide tо sell and only thеn іѕ thеir encrypted data directly transferred tо thе buyer .
wibson never receives consumers ' data or stоres it on its servers .
thе wibson marketplace orchestrates transactions based on well-defіned transparent offers thаt outlіne thе terms of how thе data will be used .
once a transaction іѕ confirmed through a blockchaіn-managed smart contract іndividuals receive direct secure payment іn thе wibson mobile app .
i know seizure auras are different for everyone but i 'm wondering what they 're like how frequent they are for others .
are your auras fairly consistent or is there a roulette of different symptoms you feel each time ?
though i 'm not sure if 3 is an aura ?
a few times a year i 'll feel extremely emotional have random confusing thoughts often recurring for 20-30 secs .
these are often crippling i 'm unable to focus or distract myself .
almost every time a petit mal seizure will follow within 1-2 minutes .
every week or 2 i 'll have a brief emotional mood swing .
i have a coherent thought process just overly emotional/anxious when something comes up .
see guy trying to get in my lane on hwy feel weird/guilty that he 's not in my lane where he wants to be .
does n't immediately lead to seizures but i 'm more likely to have one in the next few days .
every few days when seizure-free or multiple times a day if i 've had recent seizures just have a tingling feeling around my jaw line or the back of my head can go on for a few minutes or linger for up to an hour .
have n't noticed a link with these upcoming seizures .
i 'm a relatively new player having played 1.0 a bit with friends .
i recently learned about 2.0 and it sparked my interest again .
but i 'm not well-versed in the star wars universe so i 'm getting a little confused as to which factions and subfactions can/should be flown together .
are rebel alliance and resistance part of the same faction ?
and are galactic empire first order and galactic republic part of the same faction ?
last year i finished a ya fantasy and last summer began querying .
i paid a published author for a developmental edit and she did a pretty good job as far as i can tell and i tried to use most of her advice and edited using her notes and suggestions .
i also became a part of a writers group which was created on twitter after a writing contest and received feedback/critique for the first fifty pages or so from some of my group members .
after querying about 25-30 agents i 'm not really sure what to do .
it seems that they all agree that i have a strong/great/exciting premise but they are all having a difficult time connecting with my protagonist .
one of my dream agents even loved my pitch on a twitter pitch contest and was very excited to read my pages but she said my protagonist had no personality beyond what she had to to do to drive the story forward and that made it very difficult to connect with her .
so this seems to be a huge and recurring problem in my personalized query rejections .
what 's driving me crazy is deep down i understand this but i have no idea how to fix it .
for example here is something an agent from writer 's house sent me after requesting a partial
i was hoping protagonist 's name own desires and dreams would drive the action of the story.
it 's like these agents are reading my query and are so pumped to read the pages but then it 's like ... darn !
it 's not what i was hoping expecting etc .
but now i feel stuck and not sure how to move forward with an close but not quite there yet '' manuscript .
literally broken you kill his minions and insta respawn them then he ults you 4k everyone wtf
i was the interim manager of a coffee shop in a college town that had a local hometown hero who went on to have a very successful career in the nfl .
i say interim manager because the gm of this location quit abruptly and i as the senior shift manager was waiting for the interview process to move along before i was officially made to be gm of the store but for all intents and purposes i was the manager at the time of this ... incident .
so weekday opening shift at this coffee shop right across the street from the main part of the university 's campus .
i have two employees call in sick leaving only myself and a new hire to operate the store until around noon when someone else is available to come in .
before we unlock the doors and open up shop i print out an apologetic note and tape it to the door which says something along the lines of we 're sorry for the inconvenience but your coffee may take a little longer than usual this morning as we are short-staffed .
please be patient so we can make certain that everyone has a great morning . ''
the first hour and a half or so goes by without issue .
i have the new lady working the pos and taking orders/marking cups and i 'm making all of the drinks which she has n't been around long enough to learn to make correctly and confidently .
then the morning people-on-their-way-to-work rush begins and a line quickly forms that leads from the counter all the way back to the entrance .
i had anticipated this hence the sign i made and posted .
this guy is the hottest thing to ever come out of this small nowhere town .
he had since retired from the nfl and he and his family bought and lived in a really large tacky house on the outskirts .
while both he and his wife did a lot of good things charity-wise with their money they both had a reputation in the local service industry for being nightmare customers .
i heard countless stories from friends in retail and restaurant jobs of verbal abuse from both of them .
so this guy let 's call him john doe is several people back in line .
the new employee on the register is doing her best to be quick and thorough stopping to ask me questions every few minutes to be certain things are entered correctly and people are being served at a pretty decent clip to my best judgement all things considered but john starts crossing his arms checking his watch and sighing loudly to show his displeasure i mean really making a show of it .
then after a few minutes have passed and his dramatic display has n't been addressed he pipes up loudly and says ma'am how smart do you have to be to take an order for a cup of coffee ? !
some of us have real work to get to .
do you think you can pick up the pace ? ! ''
the new employee is frozen like a deer in headlights .
everyone in line with john seems to be as well .
i know who you are and i do n't care .
if you want to talk to people like that then you can go do it some place else .
we 're working hard to help everyone as fast as we can .
you can wait in line patiently with everyone else or you can skip your morning latte and go straight to your real work . ''
john doe gives me his best murder stare but keeps his place in line and i go back to making drinks .
he finally gets up to the counter and my coworker nervously takes his order and writes it on the cup .
now i do n't know if he told her to do this or if she just did it out of fear or respect but the name written on the side of his cup was mr. doe '' .
generally people 's names on the cup are steve claire bob vanessa ... you know .
i made it to the best of my ability walked to the end of the counter and loudly said john !
john came grabbed his coffee without looking at me and left .
as soon as he was out the door there was a small applause from a handful of customers at the cafe tables .
so i have been seeing lots of posts suggesting training manuals are a real issue for some people .
they have never been a bottle neck for me in fact do n't think i have ever really been aware of them .
i looked and i have 127 manuals am i running out ?
there are no striped screws on any of theses knifes .
spyderco pm2 in s30v aftermarket titanium clip aftermarket snakeskin micarta scales .
tony was developing nanotech before he even encountered bp .
the sonic glove he takes bucky on with is hard tech/nanotech
if you have todd lammle 's book here is some free bonus material
i would n't worry about it too much since the patch is almost here .
i was pretty sceptic about bfv but i ended up enjoying it .
i do n't know which system you 're playing on but as far as i know the player count on ps4 is the highest .
but you 'll find a game on any system .
i do n't think it 's going to die fast .
you can as unfortunately always put some money into microtransactions for skins .
but you also can invest some time too unlock them by just playing the game .
yup gets pregnant by a registered sex offender she knew just to get a house for life .
seems the wenlocks have been in touch with the housing association which owns her house about her dealing subutex from home .
well from the bottom of my heart you are an abomination and you are disgusting .
and with cheelai/lemo i ca n't play with 2 different brolys as dragon balls wish etc .
takes place of 4 and 7 broly and others cards since you need many 2 drop cards
my husband reads to me every night before we go to sleep .
my childhood was characterized by classic narc mother and a sexually abusive and threatening father .
i did n't really get the chance to relax when i went to sleep and instead listened for the sounds of footsteps knowing what was coming .
now my husband picks a childhood book that i was n't able to enjoy that he grew up with and reads it to me so i can relax and fall asleep and catch up on the things i never got to do as a kid .
that stat about gaining 10,000 more police and train a nurse to fill every nhs vacancy is horrifying absolutely horrifying
just spoke to god and he said eric dier is a fat basterd
punishment does n't seem to work without guidance as well .
you 're gon na want 4 myr galvanizer maybe some myr battlesphere myr turbine myr incubator .
ah so i can just use the operators for both of these on the wavefunction ?
so i look up the harmonics and then operate on them is that equivalent of using the legendre polynomials '' as you suggested ?
police dogs are so cute it makes me very much wish i will never have to be on the opposing end of their job face
yeah that 's pretty much what i figured i think though that the advent of social media has skewed this a lot though and not in a good way as there 's always almost instant acceptance of any accusation and condemnation of the accused which is given a huge amount of prominence unmatched by any stories of the accused 's innocense and condemnation of the false accuser if it turns out to be baseless .
name me one accusation that hit the headlines that was covered with as much prominence when it failed to hit the courts or was proven to be false .
in fact the uk as one example has anonymity laws in place to ensure the accuser will never be named regardless of whether they 've made the whole thing up .
but that 's my point by saying we will make sure we investigate this thoroughly it 's not saying that the accuser is disbelieved it 's actually giving them confidence that their voice will be heard .
this would also discourage any false accusations these are in the minority but they have a disproportionate affect on how the next genuine accuser is received or how they feel they are heard .
but the issue is that a huge number of people automatically believe it instead of thinking i wonder how that will play out ? the old no smoke without fire school of thought .
is that just human nature or is it because we like the lavicious ?
it took my dad a few years before he fully accepted me but he still loved me it 's so wonderful to have supportive and loving parents like you .
theres a worldstar vid of her terminating someone or i wish there was
chances are everyone will get them and the ore orders will get something more .
the spirits nerfed ursanway after a while cuz it was too op
sorry your submission has been automatically removed as your account is less than 3 days old .
please message the moderators if you feel this post should be approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nonononoyes if you have any questions or concerns .
i often feel trash my main account is plat and my alt for playing with friends when we 've been drinking is silver .
we do some really dumb stuff but have a ton of fun .
sometimes when i watch how i died i think how am i not triple digit bronze ''
i dare to say novak will easily pass rafa 's 17 slams .
you do n't see immunes if you resist i believe .
mine is a long shot but what about the blue rock trush ?
have a look here https www.xeno-canto.org/species/monticola-solitarius https www.xeno-canto.org/species/monticola-solitarius listen to the songs .
it 's not the memes that make me laugh that much it 's just that they 're about shaggy lol
what kind of crazy mutha fucka is offering that much damn..
that 's a good 255k offer i understand tho lol..
i want this guys gk one but he wo n't sell it and i would n't sell it if i had it lmao black rlcs is tooooo good haha
got ta feel for nadal though not his best form over the past couple weeks .
i 'm a little confused it is morning and the coffee has n't kicked in ...
when you wire the new one in it was flickerring when it should be off yet when you turned it on it operated normally ?
can you test the voltage coming into the fixture and coming out of the switch when it is off and on ?
it sounds to me that you have a short somewhere either inside the switch unit or downstream of it .
the flickering can cause the circuitry in the led fixture to burn out .
i think i have found the cpu for my homelab/server project rubbing hands
this is one of the best ones i 've seen so far .
the picture is n't wide enough for me to see how bad it really is for this dog also i do n't know enough about pigs/cows but i 'll agree that chicken living conditions are fucked
it 's just a shame that there were no survivors in the loading dock .
panda remove familiar with dispel and pugna can stall the game by removing the creep wave .
visage ca n't win against pugna mid and has low level in trilane .
you 're helping combat a struggle so many women face even if at the moment it feels isolating .
you 've prepared for the worst case leaving hopefully it wo n't come to that and any other outcome can only improve things .
i like how you see responsibility of both sides and do n't jump into mil bashing .
he was great his first year let 's not forget that !
messaging mods for the minimums will result in a 30-day ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
no novak goated away and there was nothing rafa could do about it .
being preoccupied with labels is never a good thing we got two eyes two ears and only one mouth .
remember when yeshua commanded his students to judge the world ?
there is a judge and let 's leave judging to him .
the kid is wearing a house arrest anklet too ... clearly not the most stable of households .
2018 after being a movie-only watcher that did n't like the movies and the series because of the movies but picked up the first book in 2018 and binged it .
i usually wear gym shorts if it 's cold or people are coming over otherwise it 's underwear
i swear i once fought a doctor rare in a basement that was using drugs to turn people into zombies or something ... .huh
but in victoria and perth i 've heard people use these sayings .
will do but more than likely will try to hold out for the lever action .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
i honestly think the club 96 whisper will be the only memorable thing of this challenge once the season ends they lost the challenge but they made history
that 's when she left a note and b enrolled her in a school in pasadena right ?
but for f-sakes the mom did fly her to spend time with the dude after she 'd already been abducted '' once .
i could n't imagine that going over with most parents .
its borderline unacceptable how shitty the game is running on the xbox one x ... .15fps ...
where was the advertisment of a stable 30fps ... whilst my eyes are literally bleeding from this disgusting fps i cant even think about the gameplay because the frames destroy it all .
acronym index https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/wiki/index wiki_acronym_dictionary mil in the wild guide https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/wiki/index wiki_mil_in_the_wild_rules jnm nickname policy https www.reddit.com/r/justnomil/wiki/index wiki_2._nicknames_are_for_mils.2fmoms_only
is generally not good advice and will be removed .
resist the urge to share your armchair diagnoses or have your comment removed .
fear mongering new posters will result in a temp ban .
the posting of political information/topics whatsoever is against the rules without receiving a prior approval from the mod team via modmail .
any variation from this can result in a permanent ban .
my mil is wearing my wedding ring or the asian equivalent of it .
mil wants me to leave dh and be her personal maid and caretaker r/justnomil/comments/actycf/mil_wants_me_to_leave_dh_and_be_her_personal_maid
i have a jnmil this subreddit enlightens supports teaches and heals me .
mini update to my mil wants to name my house r/justnomil/comments/8z6yh0/name_games_mini_update_to_my_mil_wants_to_name_my
to be notified as soon as asianess posts an update click here .
if the link is not visible or does n't work send me a message with the subject
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/justnomil if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm kinda worried what kind of depth the surgeon is going to be able to give me or that i 'll have to get a big ol skin graft .
also are there any unexpected or interesting things that you are trained for ?
nobody else took the time to roast you because you 're not even worth it to them
but you 're still telling me that it would benefit their lives if we all stopped buying illegal drugs which i completely disagree with .
they have english in school all their lives and it used to be enforced after the war and it 's an international language .
none of which is true with japanese so you have an excuse .
your views are not valued and i 'm sorry you just are n't making the cut man .
loss of tv series is usually due to out bidding .
in the case of bobs burgers fox put on hulu instead since they own significant shares in it .
note your submission has been removed as it has been found to violate the following rule
this includes purchase advice for all gear and peripherals .
if you are looking for a quick recommendation you can browse the most popular headphones dacs amplifiers here
or you can view our purchase advice hub which features tools and recommendations for finding headphones
i tried paying via paypal but it said that your itunes account country and the country you registered with paypal in have to be the same .
guess i could register another paypal with a proxy .
i thought they grew tobacco plants and no one could communicate so if anyone found dry land it 'd be hard to let people know .
address/place of registration in the protectorate prague v norimberská 11
it should only count the enemy in the same lane honestly .
especially in competitive top lane always lags behind mid lane and adc .
black ops 4 is what i 'm currently playing .
i 'm loving both multiplayer and blackout and when one starts to get boring i just jump onto the other .
nisekoi toradora chuunibyou no game no life re zero mob psycho 100 same author as one punch man hinamatsuri zombieland saga made in abyss mirai nikki akame ga kill classroom of the elite noragami anohana grand blue hataraku maou-sama !
my roommates are watching it with me against their will cause i have it on the big tv 🤣
that is what it says in the instructions to empty out the hopper after every use .
but i think i 'm going to leave it in and then do a biweekly clean out with the brush .
add in a maybe monthly or bimonthly clean out with dry rice .
ive never been okay with being with someone who would think im going to spend the rest of my existance in damnation .
hello believers you seem like you would be interested in supporting the cause
i am not part of the group that spends so they are not we .
the reason i am not part of that group is because me being extorted is not the same as the extorter spending money it has stolen .
point and shoot is going to be good for the first couple of years for sure .
a dslr will adapt for several years and these days you can jump in under 500 .
what will you be willing to take with you ?
have a look at the sl2 at the canon refurbished site
shagman murdered yahwe or iehovah or whatever that loser is called and took his place
that 's the only thing that popped into my mind when i thought of a crying woman begging for a wedding date .
and this is why all my cars were built when bill clinton 9r earlier was in office .
when it ca n't go out it goes in ... and sometimes it goes in and gives you endometriosis even when it can go out .
only have strict parents cause of my stupid ass older brother
this implies that the blight was present on thedas before entering the golden city .
if it was why were there no blights before the magisters sidereal travelled ?
well there 's a mobile game integral factor i believe it 's called where you create your own character .
if you 're looking for a home console game the closest one would be hollow realization the lore of the areas of the game is basically that it 's what aincrad was before it became a floating castle .
and while it is based around kirito he 's pretty much just an avatar you can change anytime you want including his gender so while in the story you 're kirito but in gameplay you could be running around as a female with hot pink hair if you wanted to .
robo 's exact math is that even after the federal tax credits expire wind will be 2 – 2.5 cents per kilowatt-hour large-scale solar will be 2.5 – 3 cents and storage will add .5 – 1 cent .
this would put these resources slightly below the current cost of natural gas-fired generation without the uncertainty around fuel prices that is inherent to gas .
pv+storage cheaper than replacing existing natural gas or cheaper than new gas plants ?
also wind pv and storage rapidly become cheaper every year so there 's not much of an excuse any more ...
how do you dare to irrespect our supreme lord shaggy ?
i was in area that was under austrian or czechoslovak control prior 1918/1945 and truly russified ukraine and it felt as a different world to me .
from architecture to food to drink how people dressed .
i expected to be more similar to poland or eastern slovakia but i did not feel that way .
however i liked lviv and people were very nice .
it was a first country i visited as a kid and from alphabet to various aspect of the life to countryside felt different from czechoslovakia .
just a warning still not letting me log back on .
scalise may have brain damage or he has trump 's america contagious disease of lying and distortion .
trump still owns the shutdown and he 's doubled down on owing the possible next one .
can you give some examples of cell phones that are completely manufactured not just assembled in the us ?
if this is 100 fact and russia 100 rigged elections in the us to sway votes in his direction and russia made 4 million democrats in 2008 not vote in 2016 then i 'll agree with you .
i guess you need to change your logo when people learn you have a pattern of anti-semitism and racism .
nah with some practice you can make it pretty subtle i 've been doing it for years now .
if you 're confident enough you can even tell them what you 're doing and they 'll appreciate it if they already know then it 's not even awkward .
i 'm using a sacrosanct list so i wo n't be using a lord-aquilor anyway .
plus i use allied reavers tge aelven ones so i feel like i have a lot of annoying ranged units already
within the us sure but if they actually traveled outside the us and saw how crazy the rest of the world can be they would n't be so americentric about everything .
if you 're doing it for more charitable reasons anything under 5/10 is good however those here who confidentially loan probably do anywhere from 15 up
trainers you now have the chance to encounter a shiny regice in raids !
i 'd like to see more reviews like this .
been arrested 4 times and they have all been overall pleasant experiences .
this is me i was diagnosed with pmdd a few years ago when my doctor let me know that feeling depressed and suicidal is n't exactly normal before your period .
it 's stupid because you would think that if you know it 's just hormones influencing you you could sort of tune it out but that shit is soooo real !
at least that 's how it was when i needed it .
well yes my leg is n't an actual cannon .
i would n't be able to run pass weak defenders prob like yourself so easily then .
does the same to me still have the winter stuff though so i know it 's working .
has the house even been in session since the shutdown bill was signed ?
this is making me think that the lack of worker protections has led to a lot of the angst around metoo and sexual harassment .
a worker is given no due process before they can be fired .
so a woman reports harassment and she has some rights due to laws and legal precedents .
the man only has as many rights as the company allows him generally speaking .
this is n't the woman 's doing but she bears onus of 'ruining ' someone 's life because they company finds it easier to fire him than to do an investigation .
in a union he would have power and representation .
i agree with you i 'm just interested to read another take on that .
rowling has said herself that lily could have fallen in love with snape if not for his interest in the dark arts
i just always thought that it 's not entirely impossible that she could 've had a somewhat crush on him at least at some point after all he was the one who introduced her to the world of magic and they were close for a very long time .
that 's why i wanted to see another scenario to that through a fanfic and maybe why things would n't have worked out for the two of them .
i meant that i want it to be based on canon events as much as possible no crossovers no switching houses no time travel .
they need converts no one wants to join a church that is 3 hours long .
the home study is just the excuse they are feeding the tbm 's .
they ca n't say ... hey no one is joining our church we are desperate for converts so we are going to a 2 hour block and see if that works .
i was wrong you admitted that you were wrong once when it turned out that something positive you thought about oculus was n't true .
can you think of a time when you admitted you were wrong when it did n't line up with your narrative ?
you do n't know how much this helps and i appreciate it cus i do n't have time to try every combo
my thoughts were that while it 's somewhat plausible that it 's simply uncommon .
moreover most people are n't widowed retired grandparents at 56yo .
you follow the rules unless there is a queue .
if there are free urinals always choose the furthest .
if there is no other option and there are dividers or there is another person waiting after you you may be forgiven for using an unavailable urinal one that 's next to one that 's in use .
stepping on a rake could probably end in a concussion or at least a broken nose .
please remember our golden rule thou shalt not vote or comment in linked threads or comments and in linked threads or comments thou shalt not vote or comment .
it 's bad form and the admins will suspend your account if they catch you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/topmindsofreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
trump does n't own the sotu he can deliver it by letter anytime he wants and there 's no time limit on when he can do it .
he can even tweet it since he prefers that forum .
tell your boss to quit being such a whiny crybaby has n't he caused enough trouble for one month ?
the spawn rate was terrible even with incense and lures .
game boys are digital too they do n't even have a dedicated sound chip .
get a copy of lsdj and try it in a gameboy emulator see if it works for you .
daw with a few choice vst can work as well but you have to know what you 're doing in terms of sound and polyphony .
i have tried both and i found the lsdj route easier the sound is always cohesive even if it does n't always sound good .
also i really like the interface for entering notes especially if you 're using a lot of pitch bends and vibratos .
not only that but the national assembly can declare he has abandoned his post and/or the popular revocation of his mandate .
anything is possible at this point in regards to any project announcement .
really wish the tour would happen as well as the short film
i was in homeroom my senior year and i watched it happen .
i was referring to the fact that both the extension and the bit are also dewalt .
how would you raise a military with no taxes and no deficit spending ?
100 give it a clean in iso and then a rinse in soap and water .
i feel like it should be the closing credits track it 's a bit too melancholy and on the nose to be used in the actual film .
the founder of ikea was one of the richest men on the planet .
he still drove a ‘70s volvo lived in a 200k home and shopped for clothes at second hand stores .
ive 8 gig i run modern games like mh world no problem .
but tbh my 350 pc i built specificaly to shit on my friends who claim you have to pay 1k to 4k to play modern games at good fps and setting im like nah yall just stupid and like to waste money .
also all my parts were bought new also my gfx card when bought 2 years ago cost me 113 its now around 330 fuckin hell
yes so spirited charge is i was under the impression it just upped damage dice similar to lead blades spell not all damage .
his passing is below average he ca n't keep up with the quick passes we do .
werner is a pace merchant who belongs in a counter attacking team .
can confirm that fox larynxes are indeed upside down .
dragonaut just came to mind first for me probably because i 've covered it a few times .
p.s. do n't cover dragonaut at a doom show because the band before you will do it too .
origin and ubi both do certain things better than steam .
upoints are great getting extra 15 on games for getting achievements ?
origin probably has the best customer service of them all .
the big thing for me when i 'm not feeling motivated to do my studies is breaking tasks into tiny tiny pieces .
i need to read my art history chapter but i do n't want to and the chapter is long .
so i say i could just do a page '' .
if a page still feels too long i say to myself i will read one paragraph of one page and if it feels too much i will take a 5 minute break and continue '' .
99 of the time by the time i finish the paragraph i think that was n't so bad i can read another paragraph '' and i continue until i really feel ready like a break .
before i know it i 've been studying for an hour !
it seems dumb but giving yourself permission for frequent breaks tricks your brain into feeling like it is more manageable .
i also have a pomodoro timer app on my phone which helps a lot too !
unfortunately your submission f u h r e r has been removed for the following reason s
a repost is a meme that has already been submitted to this subreddit .
this includes memes which you have already submitted to this subreddit even if they have been deleted/removed .
if you have any questions about this removal please message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdankmemes subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/dankmemes/comments/akod89 .
0d 0di 've read the rules in the sidebar .
resubmitting a removed post without prior moderator approval can result in a ban .
and there 'll be dozens of people to replace you .
that 's what you guys do n't understand they 've figured out that there 's more people that the redesign will attract than the old design will keep .
if reddit loses every single current user that came on before the redesign but they 're all replaced by people that love the redesign and they keep gaining people they 'll have really lost nothing .
it might take a while for those numbers to creep back up but that 's why old.reddit is still available .
they 're keeping you here until there 's enough people to replace you then they 'll tell you to fuck off by shutting down the old website .
you could leave before then and they still would n't care .
i would feel that i was back in uni living in a sharehouse again lol
using your lean mass so much requires energy transportation cellular repair .
your ldl is your fat energy 's emergency cholesterol 's ride share .
chewie was literally in another star system cos he hyperspaced away after dropping rey off at the supremacy .
but maybe he came back and did a frontal assault on the entire first order fleet who knows .
then somehow missed the hyperfrag then noticed snoke 's shuttle leaving the supremacy knew it was n't snoke and did n't shoot it rendezvoused somehow in space and under fire from first order remnants took rey on board ditched the shuttle then flew down to crait
but we did n't need to see it because uh
i always refer to his human form as ganondorf since that 's how he introduces himself in the game .
all the games where he has a human form seem to reserve ganon '' for his monster form .
i 'd agree if it was over 18 when they 're an adult .
but even then it 's still the parents house .
if they were n't the parents who would take it from their kids and use it they 'd be the parents to just throw it in the trash .
and they are n't doing it just to be shitters they 're doing it to teach their kid not to bring it into their house .
or at the very least to hide it better .
i have a 2010 camaro ss and they do n't make snow tires for it .
i 'm this guy if ever i get caught out when it snows .
one important thing is the definition of winning '' within the context of warframe .
i 'm weird and spiritual and think our ancestors visit us in the form of animals .
it 's possible uncle frank just wanted to say hi .
i feel like my ancestors have visited me in the form of owls and bucks and maybe even a bear i encountered back in may
i would like to add imo spring snow can stand alone as a novel with great power and beauty .
even though it is part one of a tetralogy it ends in such a way that you could treat it as a self-contained novel .
i say this as someone who has just finished reading through the whole tetralogy .
the later books add to the story and make you look at the first book in new ways but i would say that you could read and enjoy spring snow without feeling obligated to read the other three books as well or at least bit straight away ! ! !
you could always ssh to something properly secured within the network and then from there ssh to unraid .
that 's what i 've done in the past .
from my understanding a limited slip is a little more tail happy .
my open diff feels very balanced and easy to control .
i never drove one with a limited slip hard enough to really tell the difference .
also from a daily driving point of view the overall gearing in 5th is a tad taller than the overall gearing in 6th for a 6 speed car .
plus you get the option of swapping in a 3.90 limited slip in the future and getting even taller gearing if you want to go that route .
either factory option is geared much more for spirited driving and it 's a bit buzzy at 80 mph on the highway .
termies did n't do much but my dreadnoughts power fist smashes everything with my librarian budding him i actually recorded it and plan on uploading it soon https i.imgur.com/z43ipcs.jpg https i.imgur.com/pnkjblc.jpg
i moved to florida for a few months and came back middle of december to flint .
your natural scent/pheromones turned him on pretty normal maybe not the severity of the sniff but he is older so maybe the ability to softly do it has diminished
no the forms of sensibility do n't give us our empirical intuitions they only give us the forms of our empirical intuitions .
to protect the subreddit from spam we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some link and comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
we ask you to participate in the comment sections of our subreddit to build up the karma you need to post here and to learn the rules and standards of our community then you wo n't be affected by this spam filter .
spend some time getting to know r/memes and then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how many points you need .
just get out there and make some more comments and you 'll be all good in no time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i thought he wanted to stay with us for another year ... or maybe i had just hoped .
your comment has been removed for being too short for a top-level comment .
please refer to this link https www.reddit.com/r/yugioh/wiki/removal for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/yugioh if you have any questions or concerns .
my son learned to cook in part to get a break from having to clean up after dinner
sometimes wish i would have been more into it when i was younger !
i loved the cars he built but never followed it more than an interest .
but i feel they brought him in too early in the playthrough .
i think his arrival should have been slightly delayed a bit especially in the b scenarios .
i also think there should have been a few more scripted events where he bashes through walls or such .
i think they absolutely should have given him a randomized seed as to what areas are safezones from him .
imo what saverooms/rooms are safe from him should be seeded randomly so on replaying the game you 'll always be on edge .
i 'd like to see him crush the door to a saveroom pick up the typewriter and try to beat you to death with it .
we have removed this post/comment because we have received reports that it was rule breaking .
the moderation team has been contacted and if this was done in error the post/comment will be restored .
please be aware that multiple violations of our rules can result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hotwife if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't want to say that the real estate attorney side is worse but it 's pretty bad over here too .
in addition to the general public dislike agents do n't like the whole speaking truth to commissions sort of thing and other attorneys think that we 're not really practicing law .
i went to the shriners hospital and they were completely amazing .
i had the pointed toes they loosened my achilles tendon .
i was in a cast for 6 weeks but was n't inpatient lived in british columbia went to the hospital in portland or .
my shoulder 's tight but we were also told that the botox screwed up the strength i 'd have so we opted out .
i was 8 years old when i got my last surgery from the shriners 27 now and i sometimes need to wear a brace but mostly when i 've overdone it the day before .
my doctor also recently sent me a clip of myself a year after surgery at the gait lab .
it 's also pretty crazy how good your body/subconscious is at keeping you alive .
in high school i almost got hit in the head with a discus and i turned around to see it about 6 feet from me .
went straight up neo from the matrix on it .
hey i saw your old thread from your journey to collect every dune racer .
if so how much did it cost all together ?
i had to google what u were talking about because i 'm an ot guy .
im not quite there yet on putting racing stripes on my ties .
i usually roll with at least two different types of weapons depending mostly on combat range and whether or not i have a desire for stealth .
but you 're going to need something a bit quicker for dealing with hordes of melee beasts .
apart from the generic traits that are shared with loads of other actors he just does n't have the presence .
in punisher the first time we see him straight away i could have told you he was shady .
fuck my x sounds like a jet engine now and i really do n't want to have to do this..
is there any step by step guides around for this ?
in a way we 've had so many conversations over the past year about our relationship that i do n't even know if there will be a lot to talk about .
he will probably try and talk me out of it i think but we 've been through that cycle of one of us being pretty much at the point of break up and then talking each other out of it a few times before so i really just want this to be me having made a decision and telling him what it is .
which is another thing that would make it a hard trip if i went over to him to do it since i do n't really want to talk it out heaps .
how when skydiving it does n't seem like your up high there 's nothing to create the depth perception .
we require all users to set a post flair for their own post .
there is a 30 minute grace period and this has passed for this post .
click here http imgur.com/a/m3fi3 to view this helpful guide on how to flair your post .
for more information please read this post https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/comments/8bznpy/state_of_the_subreddit_new_moderators_survey .
https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/wiki/rules if you have any queries about this you can contact us via moderator mail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffortnitebr .
is n't miami more of a blastoise due to their runs being further in the past than fsu 's last ship ?
