yeah i do n't know how much validity my next statement will hold but i think arizona has the best traffic in the country when it comes to total volume and efficiency .
adot is always on top of their game and arizona is better because of them
i would pay higher taxes for free lap dances .
i would refer to the guides on wowhead classic priest discord etc. for specifics .
i 'm not currently that far along myself but putting points into wand specialization and spirit tap from the start will drastically improve your uptime .
but how many guys does it actually take to rob one convenience store ?
other information i have a discord and my core mmr is 4.2k
i like how welsh points out that the cardinals own all the party game day stuff around the stadium .
i wo n't take steroids til i 'm over 18
like what grain of arrow and broadhead and arrow length is your bow setup for all those factors make a huge difference
you might be interested in a brief overview of acne types and treatments https old.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/comments/cbk8zu/acne_a_brief_overview_of_acne_types_treatments
davis just got dunked on like a little boy .
for bvs it was a room of wb executives that gave a standing ovation which is ironic considering what happened later with executives vs snyder and then the people who praised it on social media were fanboys .
here it 's actual film critics and film festivalgoers many of which are of the pretentious variety that normally would not like comic book films so this is a good sign .
i 'd want to know all the facts first .
it 's presumably not her fault that he was wrongfully imprisoned .
what if she was visiting him daily for 20 years until they called it quits ?
i wonder if people think she would ever be owed any part of a settlement amount .
do you have anything else that is more pressing for 6 ?
there is n't anything wrong with holding onto fodders until you need them .
difficult to gauge if it 's worth it without your game progression but if your verad is already a relatively quick faimon clear then if you 're 6 ing lapis as a farmer it is n't worth imo
7-8 people do n't want to support or respect the need to ask permission from authors and would rather gamble with their channels ' livelihoods .
if i were you i 'd write up a comment under that video sticky it and address that you 're aware of the subscriber count drop but you 're not giving up and have no regrets best of luck to those fools .
and north korea is not a dictatorship their official name is the democratic people 's republic of korea .
i do n't care what you heard on your am talk radio !
it 's like saying the whole human race is bad because of rape and other crimes
once the car is flooded you can open the door because the pressure is now equal on both sides .
from there you could climb on top of the car and wait for help .
she absolutely could have survived if she had been given those instructions
wait you actually use townhall.com for news and expect anyone to take you seriously ?
that idea was completely new and destroyed star wars ! !
i got a shiny charizard that i 'm willing to reroll if you 're interested
although he misses her very much i think grief is something he likes processing alone and then talking about .
he might not be ready to experience this with me !
🇷🇺moscowmitch 's graveyard pelosi lists bills passed by house that senate wo n't vote on
damn it do we need 1 million signatures on our petition for level part 5 ?
just kidding jokes aside i 'm glad you put this together .
i 'll have to look over it over and over i think it will be great for everyone to be seeing this compiled like this !
that 's just creative accounting '' i 'm afraid .
i wanted cell because i like his art but i guess memes to strong .
i like marko but i do n't think he belongs on this team .
grabbz said that it was wrong https twitter.com/g2grabbz/status/1131642482582872066 ? s=20
so no marriage certificate to prove you did n't lie about being married ?
nothing to prove you 're not a 28 year old incel/pedophile ?
reply to this comment if you admit to being a drunk worthless piece of shit who is eventually going to off himself !
by craftla '' it says the actual op 's name at the bottom .
a great punter i get the upside of the hammer i just hope this does n't come back to bite us
yes it 's better to get damage for the damage you are converting from but just for info most of the time flat damage value are higher when they are elemental so sometimes flat cold would be better than flat phys .
except if you do n't have some increased phys damage then cold/phys flat damage is the same in the 100 conversion scenario
do you usually know if they receive the new figures earlier then other big online retailers in canada like eb games or amazon.ca ?
because i do n't really know if it 'd be neccsary to buy from here besides if they get new products earlier then the other major retailers in canada
i mean have they never watched ramon alvarez fight ?
any outcome other than him being ko 'd will be a surprise .
if mtsu beats michigan they 100 just own the state .
so now you 're implying all new zealanders on the internet are left wing ?
you have nothing to offer to validate that fact other than it being your opinion and claiming it 's your observation which does n't make it a fact .
interesting to hear that ceos business people conservatives retired folks farmers and those that typically vote right leaning parties have no time to mess around on the internet .
pretty sure their twitter profiles will disregard your new fact .
the faceless right winged profiles seem to have more time to shitpost than anyone else i know of .
happy to share to bunch of these political profiles if need be some have ten tweets an hour !
if you yourself consider national left wing then how is reddit a bad representation of new zealand when in your eyes 94 of the country is voting for left wing parties ?
and yes you did explain that that 's why i asked you to share something of right-wing values that was unjustifiably downvoted .
which was the whole point of my original comment which you decided to chip in about .
but he 's a professor in a liberal field at a liberal university in a liberal country .
his ideas have not been ignored but analyzed and rejected .
his estrangement from liberals is not caused by his conservatism but by his smearing of everyone who disagrees with him as being either out to get him or out to destroy society or both .
he 's smart enough to know there are contradictions in what he says so he uses weasel words so that no one can pin him down .
there is no value in debating someone who is that intellectually dishonest .
there comes a point when you notice your opponents are arguing in bad faith .
it is irresponsible to continue to give them a platform after that point .
tua is a lefty so phins did n't think a lt is as important anymore so they traded him .
i do n't understand celebrity streamer or twitch culture even a little bit but am enjoying this soap opera drama .
the day luchasaurus turns on jungle boy will be a sad sad day indeed .
why are you expecting to kill a tank+10 without a 9 unit of your own ?
you would hit the same road block against 10 aaron 10 walya 10 any tank .
just farm better runes focus on a single unit to 9 and buff with ceres/serendia as they are the best 4 star supports .
yeah i done the same at first but then you realize that a fair amount of them are just meat shields .
all they can do is tank damage and make matches .
when in doubt look at the cover and see what power it gives out .
just keep in mind that some 5s with a single cover can still ruin your day .
has the ability to give a serial killer a boner
first heard on celebrity apprentice it 's what vivica a fox called kenya moore after kenya allegedly stole vivica 's phone and hacked her twitter .
no idea who downvoted you as what you have mentioned is perfectly true .
awww so its out on the 3rd at nighttime vs the 3rd at midnight
i 'm pretty sure she 's literally like 19 .
the only people that think a 19 year old dating a 16 year old is weird are reddit lawyers that do n't leave the house read the utterly irrelevant .
i can say that the constitution does n't mention cars or horses whatsoever but very specifically states that the right to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed .
you can be looking at something 5 feet away and barely move your head and feel the distortion .
seeing it in your perihpeal vision at any type of movement when turning your head .
pupil swim has nothing to do with turning with a thumbstick turning your head or anything like that .
so long as the headset is worn properly turning your head has no impact on the relative position of your eyes and the lenses .
it was definitely noticable on the odyssey i used .
it 's clear you do n't understand what pupil swim does so this conversation does n't matter .
to most of the people i 've discussed this with .
are you sure this is pupil swim and not something else ?
if you ca n't replicate it while holding your head still then it 's not pupil swim .
i 'm probably gon na stick with the vive cause pupil swim makes vr feel fake and disorienting .
great if the vive feels better than any other hmd you should absolutely use that .
if you 're checking on a cell connection it can only be as specific as the nearest cell relay .
if you 're talking about a home/business internet connection it 's more common to have a static ip than a dynamic ip it does n't typically change unless the isp does something on their end or you get new equipment but that static ip wo n't give anyone your actual address unless it 's subpoena 'd through the isp .
i really like the part where it goes exactly what your run from you end up chasing '' .
im eupho i 'm a 15 year old girl i like fire emblem bts splatoon and art !
my music tastes are all over the place and for a ice breaker ... hmm .
there 's absolutely nothing strange about a dude drawing anime girls as long as they are tasteful drawings .
but honestly 'less ' tasteful is n't even out of the ordinary either lol and i would n't judge .
i used to draw cute boys when i was a lonely teen girl and i really do n't think anyone gave a damn .
pretty sure it goes both ways give in to whatever creative drive you have it 's good for you in so many ways to create and develope such a skill
man you must be an imbecile if you ca n't fucking read .
where did i say i thought defending yourself from someone is bad ?
could at least have the figure in focus and not your hand
if you ca n't beat south alabama you may as well shut the football program down .
if you have a few hundred dollars and want to skip as much of the trial and error as you can try one of those dna tests that suggest which classes of meds will help you best .
i 've heard good things about them on this subreddit .
meds are n't a bad thing and you do n't deserve to suffer just cause your brain chemistry is a little wonky .
i finally found a combo that works for me and i 'm happy and stable
prozac and zyprexa as a two med combo prozac makes me not depressed and zyprexa prevents ssri triggered mania
shit reading that made my brain hurt because it was almost close enough
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
if your post is a template put it somewhere else !
all memes that need captions must have the caption in the image not the title .
if you have any questions you can message the mod team here http contact.dankmemesreddit.com replies to this removal comment may not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
i 'm a luchasaurus man myself but pentagon is a damn close second .
i 've got 2 years 7 months but i 've been struggling to be motivated to keep doing the recovery drill .
you think the usa is more corrupt than columbia ?
if both blg and rng finish 3rd or better jdg is out .
which also means if tes beats rng jdg clinches a spot in the gauntlet .
i 'm thinking the same thing or maybe a move tutor kind of thing .
yea i mean new good people with his mindset of actually caring about the people of the usa and not the fricken flag .
i think at least a few people would be impressed and it would definitely be funny .
i doubt he 'd do it realistically but if anyone would i 'd believe aka would be the type .
i accept you have very narrow views and want to internet rage .
to be fair they have an active ad campaign contract with nike they would have been in violation of .
i 've seen people on here theorize about fucking your own stand but let 's not act like rohan has never thought of that himself with his crazy spider-eating ass .
i do n't know what the mathematical shape is though flamm 's paraboloid looks tempting .
welp my boss is going to think i 'm an idiot .
i dont know why the website i was looking at had i6 processors .
looks like i 'm going to ottawa then gamers .
i quickly wiped it off and then washes the car .
i just worried i 'll change the color of the paint or something .
if you 'd like to post here but you are n't sure where to find new content please check out our wiki guide
how to find quality content for this sub https www.reddit.com/r/dogswithjobs/wiki/index wiki_how_to_find_quality_content_for_this_sub
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dogswithjobs if you have any questions or concerns .
i can see why the uso crowd is so hated .
elo hell exists in precisely 0 games change my mind .
this time i put glitch in a drop instrument .
and if you give me your feedback i 'd appreciate it .
i 'm still waiting for an actual song to dissect .
this is a situation where she 's the 5th person in the chain from the original person .
could be moms friend lied about hearing it from the doc to make her story sound better or maybe she really over heard her getting bcp 's from an office worker .
could be mom assumed she heard it from her doc friend because blah blah .
investigators do n't have time for he said she said so the doc would get a letter most likely saying we got a report about hippa here are the rules again list do n't break them .
you ca n't go putting someone 's career at risk like that over a big maybe ... .. call the doc and ask .
you 're in healthcare she 'll talk to you .
or call moms friend and get a for sure before all that .
people who make stupid snap decisions based on how they feel about a story that may or may not be right because you were 5th in line playing a game of telephone are what would make society collapse because those people do n't think things through and waste an assload of other people 's time on useless garbage that leads nowhere .
know before you make baseless claims that 's what civil people do not destroy because of a what if heard from a friend of a friend of a friend who heard from so and so ... .
that was a good pitch kelvin threw inside but unfortunately he hit it into the outfield
if its the kills i normally jump into random games where we are about 60 people 30 and my lowest has been 7 players .
dont you hate how epic hasnt fixed the mini map pushing the challenges box so up you sometimes cant even see a single word .
i can nearly make out your adam 's apple .
this having run a shop before we had someone who ordered a 6 shot americano in our small commuter shop running a 2 grouphead machine .
we were right across from a train station and people try to basically fly through the shop to grab their train .
she was so shitty about her drink taking too long we just eventually said go to starbucks if you do n't like it . ''
and honestly all my other customers were so much happier .
got ta be selective about when you pull this though .
she was 1 of only 2 people we ever basically fired as customers .
i find a lot of good sincere questions here and wish the community would be kinder to those people .
but this is disingenuous trash and i 'm all for being blunt about it .
shit it might be predictable but i keep coming back for more .
they 're the tag titles for a mexican company .
the gw2 reddit discord is a bit shit too .
yeah yeah good meem but can you tell me more about your fursona uwu ?
i just could n't get into the show though lol
i 'm not accusing you or think it 's not legit .
hard to think a build its what your trying to keep i 'm guessing it 's an interaction with the build ?
without giving much away the story does keep certain things about the main character a mystery not everything is what it seems
ok so i 'm absolutely not reading your novel right now but i fixed my auto correct error .
solar power is the conversion of energy from sunlight into electricity either directly using photovoltaics pv indirectly using concentrated solar power or a combination .
concentrated solar power systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam .
photovoltaic cells convert light into an electric current using the photovoltaic effect.photovoltaics were initially solely used as a source of electricity for small and medium-sized applications from the calculator powered by a single solar cell to remote homes powered by an off-grid rooftop pv system .
commercial concentrated solar power plants were first developed in the 1980s .
i ca n't stop giggling at how hilarious star platinum and the world .
you could give me akuma or urien 's pop up anti airs or birdie cammy boxer g 's erase everything even cross up ones .
my brain is going to blank out and i 'm getting bopped for all of the damage .
and i know how some put you in good positions .
i 've been mixed enough by karin ibuki and even ryu off of anti airs .
it 's still a tactic that gets people to rank up .
to be fair that post is longer than any other post i 've seen on here .
i pour milk each time before i take my next victim wants so bad about that ?
mario kart and splatoon still have disconnect errors occasionally and you also do n't notice the lag as much because it does n't stop or slow down the game when it happens instead it sometimes teleports players around or hit detection does n't work accurately .
also i played the mario br and saying that it 's lagless is a big stretch imo
all of the supernovas are not currently in wano .
it never snows here maybe once a year we get a dusting .
thing is i otherwise love darkness and hate the sun 90 of skin aging is from the sun but i need it to see !
streetlights are not an adequate replacement i do n't care how good anyone 's vision is .
jewel of empire where only whites have special rights and non whited were treated like animals
giving certain classes and races special rights was utilized by the british to retain control but why disturb your worldview with reality ?
why is give sitting in tiny island if the jewel was on india
probably because britain was more developed than most of india people did n't want to move there and there were already people living there .
referring to india as the crown jewel of the british empire ?
putting the blame for famines on greed rather than malice ?
the guy straight up averted a famine got chewed out and switched to relief styles that while quite ineffective at actually stopping the famine cost britain less money .
genocidal states do n't award people who try to save their victims .
yes ... because not calling a mass killing caused by greed apathy and racism genocide is literally the same as saying it did n't happen .
something tells me you do n't have a strong grasp on the english language .
while i appreciate the compliment i 'm not capable of death on that scale .
primarily because i was n't alive when it happened .
also i 'm just gon na go ahead and accuse you of murdering all the dzungars so long as we 're throwing baseless accusations about actions that happened before our lifetimes .
of course the genocide of aboriginals and the ethnic cleansing of native americans both over the course of multiple centuries is worse than the people who wanted to kill tens of millions via forced labor in a matter of years and enslave the rest while installing an iron grip over all of europe .
i mean one was a series of acts carried out by a mix of private and government actors with conflicting and oscillating agendas that were actively opposed by people within the society engaging in them with little to no repercussion and the other was a cold calculated effort that disappeared people who were n't appropriately enthusiastic about it .
thank you her majesty the queen elizabeth ii very nice .
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/unsentletters/about/rules of r/unsentletters in mind while participating here .
always remember that rule 0 is do n't be a jerk . ''
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unsentletters if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not currently taking requests but i 'm always open for suggestions .
i 'll definitely consider doing molly/victoria but i ca n't promise that i 'll end up writing it .
i do n't know the circumstances but you seem to be in the wrong there though you are hilarious
i remember my first mun stranding ... hope you can get that thing back into orbit !
i also remember my first few attempts at mun rescues ... ah jeb .
only took three separate missions to get you home .
sex is very important to me as well as friendship
id love if there was an hd version thats really the only thing id actively ask jagex for .
alright i 'm going to go to your server to buy karma
i want you to imagine being given a hotdog .
and since your really hungry you dont care how its all burnt .
so you quickly take a bite a couple chews and then you notice the guts and other insides of this slug falling out slowly .
until you notice that your actually eating the side where the asshole is and then you spit the shit out with blood and guts all over your teeth and the taste of slug .
you have no idea what you are talking about .
different cancers use different staging protocols and each has a different prognosis
there 's already plenty of theories and he has n't even said soon yet haha
i really really wish you were more adamant with this guy .
this situation gives other people who play combo decks but are n't asshole pubstompers a bad name .
as neato as that building is it 's hard to imagine it was as massive of an undertaking to produce as all the other wonders in the game .
this and a much better sim engine are two really big needs not necessary imo .
other stuff would be good too such as more involvement with ownership but i think they have to be added within a year or two especially how holdouts have been for the past couple years
yeah it 's literally a marketing bitch who does n't even work with the animals .
unless the glass is in space the glass will always have something in it be it water air or whatever .
so in if you wan na get technical the glass is always full .
it likely wo n't be one single instance of the two sides going to war with each other either .
it 'll be a series of events leading up to one major event .
once it all starts it should last for 7 years .
then there should be 7 years of peace and reorder .
the biggest event would have 80 nations/groups of people on one side who will consist of predominantly western nations and the other side of people who have one common belief .
after this a whole bunch of other stuff is going to happen too .
but you already think i 'm crazy at this point .
besides we likely wo n't be around for that stuff anyway it 'll probably happen after we die so it does n't really matter lol .
my estimate would be anywhere from 100 250 years .
the other stuff i 'm pretty certain about though .
out of all of this my awareness of how deeply porn affects many area of my life is what i 'm most grateful for .
hopefully i 'll gain more clarity once i get some recovery in that area .
i actually got test early last week and am good shew ! .
and we both definitely have a lot of good years ahead of us !
you know even if this was wrong i would believe this .
i 've been playing since late february and each of the 10x pulls i 've done ended in failures .
the only time it worked was with as suzette who was only 5 at the time beside yuna
i 'll try doing single pulls one i get more stones
its more the eye looks at it but does n't see '' it .
you also can use something like a baby gate dustbin lid or piece of plywood to separate them .
guess i use rgb and solid color led interchangeably lol .
pics of my rig are in my post history if you want to see them in an actual build .
definitely is n't garbage my man it 's still very strong in the right hands
my gf had her brothers phone he wanted it back when i was balls deep he walked right in and took his phone
i do n't know what you have available as far as streaming but look for something cute like my roommate is a cat or how to keep a mummy not horror at all it 's a teeny little squishy thing that makes adorable noises or maybe something silly like bananya voiced by the legendary yuki kaji .
something that does n't have anything scary and are generally pretty chill .
it 's still mostly water so you all good leaf water is a good morning alternative if it is simply leaf and water and nothing else like sugar
specific recommendations i mean i 'm aware of things like r/transvoice
i 'm not sure if that looks like 12 .
just whisper them and then you can click on their name in the chat window and report them !
figured this out yesterday and have reported every single chat invite .
it 's not a good time to be a clown .
lol man i just seen your comment in the post in the other sub i just went and shit on everyone of their comments grow the fuck up .
you do n't see any of us running to that sub no one here said mw will outsell because it 's a better game it just has the bigger player base that 's a fact .
and should not be disputed even though you yourself did ?
they usually put the song name in the bottom corner at the start of the ad
a tie between cardiff and royal quest two almost flawless shows .
2 of those three turnovers directly led to 10 points .
we also gave up 2 long ass td runs .
i mean i get that shit happens but god fucking dammit ... .
connect your phone to your computer in fastboot mode .
then from within recovery boot to recovery once again .
one time when i was jerking off a mosquito landed on my dick right when i was about to bust and as it happened the sudden surge of blood had been too much for the poor bug and it exploded .
i like how you 're being downvoted for being logical .
you 're literally thinking like an actual game dev would in my opinion but they want none of it .
i want engines swap too but given how little they cared about this game post-release and given that like you said it does require more work than it seems let 's just say i 'll be really surprised if that happens .
i had what is called an arnold chiari malformation .
basicly my brain sat too low in my skull causeing learning difficulties headaches lack of hand dexterity .
the treatment is surgery to put cartilage from my thigh in my skull to support my brain up and have it not rub against my skull .
i was very lucky compared to others that my family could afford it when i was a child .
i have no doubt this is extremely painful but you 're the side piece and always have been .
she was always going to end up with the other guy .
who knows how much of what she told you about their relationship is even true but it does n't matter .
she 's been stringing you along getting her kicks and now she 's gon na marry him .
let go and find someone who actually wants you and only you .
that 's all i need to know i 'm worth something .
many of them would have been brainwashed into it through hitler youth ... . but they were nazis and built stuff for the nazis ya know such as concentration camps bunkers etc
also if you had relatives who were nazis then you got ta just suck it up and accept that everyone hates nazis .
henceforth it seems that i may unfortunately happen to have the ability to be unable to can .
thank you so much i never thought of getting a notebook like that and that would actually help a lot .
i 'll try pencil but i definitely will favor my fountain pen lmao .
despite being in champs some of my teammates run stalkers .
if you get a squad of 2 matchmaking does n't think it 's a big deal and lumps them together .
combined with the already wacky matchmaking you get chaos .
well a drunken master can be any of those things .
referring to jackie chan he was a martial arts first and actor second .
he dedicated years to learn the drunken master fighting style specifically and i would certainly say he has a fair amount of strength intelligence and charisma .
i meant to put in pam for polearm master .
ubisoft is taking all their ship battle mechanics from assassins creed black flag .
you play as a solo captain or team up in multiplayer .
no even then there has to be some kind of word from either the police or by those who found him .
no it 's not my choice it 's the brexiters choice .
shut up and let me watch and eat pop corn
you do n't celebrate that you are queer with pride but that you are brave enough to be openly queer in a world full of hate for everything not cis and straight .
as a straight person you are n't discriminated for your sexuality and therefore straight pride is absolutely unnecessary .
i do n't think so at least not this straight pride .
it 's hardly true self driving if there 's a driver behind the wheel to take over and an engineer in the passenger seat .
thank you from existing and/or contemplating enthusiasts of these particular units
augustus is alweer afgelopen en ik heb mijn spreadsheet weer is bijgewerkt sr van 62 gemiddeld dit jaar is 58,5 .
nog 1/3 jaar te gaan hopelijk kom ik nog boven de 50 uit .
all they have to do is ask a leading question to stir the pot .
also the brain used to be in the business of making these chemicals .
but with the with the introduction of meth it 's was flooded and stopped production .
that period of time while the brain gets back to to he business of making them and getting our levels back normal can be almost unbearable
pop a viagra get a noose stand on a chair and wank furiously .
either i die happy or die with my a knife to the chest and my dick in my hand .
f in the comments for people who drafted lesean mccoy as a late round steal
it was a struggle of epic proportions one that was not without its ironies for as rosa fought against the giant fuck-off worm monster 's maw she could n't help but reminisce about her time on guswana where she and aiden got swallowed by a giant fuck-off sea monster .
‘well ' sarah thought to herself ‘at least there 's some variety .
‘i swear this is a really high contender for shittiest day of my life !
‘i swear to the holy spud above i will not get eaten by another '
shut the fuck up ! in the spur of the moment sarah 's enraged spirit took over for a few seconds and blurted out her frustration a little too audibly .
the worm beast heard her loud and clear and doubled its clenching efforts .
no no no no no no no not you !
just a minute earlier startled by the creature 's sudden emergence rosa had stumbled and fallen to the ground again .
this gave the worm the opening it needed to lunge at her with jaws wide open .
the girl was fast enough to jam a thick stick in there right when it was about to shut it on her but now she was stuck .
even with its mouth locked in place it pressed down on the girl as much as it could leaving her little room to escape and plenty of time for it try to snap the stick in half .
rosa did her best to crawl underneath the tiny crevice still remaining shuffling through skulls and bones to try and slither her way out .
once she got her arms and head out she pulled with all her strength .
‘just ... a little ... more ... ' her torso slipped out inch by inch .
it was like getting sucked in by a really slimy vacuum cleaner .
the stick had snapped under the immense pressure of the giant worm 's jaws allowing the creature to foil the girl 's efforts and devour her whole .
she slid down its tubular throat like a tasty morsel .
having taken its first fill the worm came to the sudden realization that it was n't enough .
as far as it was concerned rosa barely counted as an appetizer .
it hungered for something bigger something fatter something jucier .
it unfolded its razor jaw well evolved for digging through dirt rock human remains and most importantly to get the jump on anyone foolish enough to trespass on these grounds and burrowed through the pile to go search for more prey .
feeling for any disturbances along the surface it scoured the underground to find something more succulent to sate its hunger .
meanwhile buried somewhere deep inside its abdominal a pissed off girl struggled with her own realizations .
‘getting swallowed by a worm monster is just another fucking tuesday for me at this point ' rosa whined .
‘in hindsight ' sarah mused ‘we should 've put a couple other sticks in there for good measure .
‘i mean is there anything in this fucked up world that doesn't want to eat me kill me or suck me dry ?
‘hah i 'm sure parcival would n't object to that last one .
‘that was a terrible moment for a terrible joke .
‘as far as i 'm concerned i 'm gon na make you as miserable as i can before we both become worm chowder .
unfortunately your post was removed for the following reason s
the person s in the post are possibly under the age of 18 .
if the roastee is indeed over 18 please contact us over modmail with proof .
we will reverse our ruling and allow you to repost after seeing photo id including picture and date of birth .
all other information can be censored at your own discretion and we will not use anything sent to us for anything more than verifying the roastee 's age .
please do not upload a photograph of your id to your reddit account use imgur or another image hosting platform and send us a link to the photo via modmail .
if you feel that it has been removed in error please message us https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2froastme so that we may review it .
that 's why you should n't call them 'chicks ' .
lol i 'll pm you this thread is getting long
i like halsey 's version of sucker by the jonas brothers
that 's not the lack if dace im primarily concerned with ...
ah yes underwater gunlance ignitions i ca n't wait to see my kinsect drown lol .
my laptop it was in my 8th grade year and it changed my life .
if you want someone to ask you questions you have to come off as unapproachable .
i would n't have been rude if you had n't bragged about ruining another 's day .
and i 'm glad you found your problem of mistakes keep working on that instead of spewing your shite over here or anywhere really
same dude mine had a tsundere attitude and we were really getting to know each other with her warming up to me .
i was incredibly sad when i woke up and was depressed for the rest of the day
that 's why wrote other side of the pond central europe .
we absolutely can and regularly do mostly to defer patients to urgent care clinics or their gps .
we only have a duty to look '' aka triage patients and can not refuse a patient based on economical matters .
once the patient is in breach of what is called the 'care contract ' we are free to fire him .
fuck i 'm saving your post for later so i can rage at corporations when i have some time
seriously tho shit like this should be shown to every young person student or not so they have just a bit more understanding of why it 's important to hold those in power accountable
i 'd prefer if britain remained in the eu since the aforementioned leaving is going to fuck ireland up .
thirdly why the fuck would you want to get rid of an agreement that finally gave equal representation to the republican and catholic communities in ni ?
or are you one of those saoradh pricks and i 'm just a free-stater bastard . ''
but do n't present yourself as a catty fanatic that can not stand any bogus comment regarding your idol .
let that negative shit slide right off-that 's what lana would appreciate as well .
i regret not buying the g29 when it was on sale for prime day now it seems to be unavailable anywhere at least here in italy .
i 'm sorry but i feel i need to point out fw when talking about broken for years !
u get karma for people commenting criticisms and support all the same tho
i want to be one of the dots on an i because then i can curl up into a ball and realize how sad it is that i 'm still a virgin .
the chicanes might be awful yes but the rest of the track has some nice flow imo .
i saw a picture that was similar to lisa simpson in this image and then i was thinking if it was a real picture or just acid fucking with me .
then i look at my friends and they have no eyes and they smile at me with their murderous look and i was thinking like life was some horror movie and that they wanted to kill me ...
but seriously some people are very sensitive to images and other things while on acid .
but the only thing i could do when my friends had no eyes was to just leave and go outside by myself and have fun
upvote this comment if you feel this submission is characteristic of our subreddit .
downvote this if you feel that it is not .
if this comment 's score falls below a certain number this submission will be automatically removed .
lol iskreno nisam očekivao da to ljudi stvarno i rade .
mine just says andrew yang '' as the topic .
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=serious question .
how can you maintain any life qualities while working full time ? without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
wait so your mil will talk with your family members and not with you ?
she likely sees you as the enemy the person who took her baby away .
have you talked much with your sil about how she handles your mil ?
is sil her daughter or her daughter in law ?
it sounds like she laid down the law and your mil does n't like it .
5 minutes per fish is probably way too long .
it could work based on a number of actions instead .
the tier 1 fish would give 10 bonus xp for 3 action followed by 8 bonus xp for 6 actions 6 bonus xp for 9 etc .
that means that higher level fish are ideal for crafting since it takes a lot of effort to get the resources but only a handful of actions to use them .
mining on the other hand might benefit from lower level fish more since you would n't need to spend a ton of time fishing .
there are monopods that fix floor-ceiling so its just like your setup but vertical not horizontal no holes in walls and if you drill the monopod you can run the cables through it masking everything .
yeaah ikr why am i not allowed to punch them
you should definitely try the main retail version of the game despite what everyone says about battle for azeroth it 's still pretty fun and seeing your complaints you would enjoy it far more than classic .
do you really expect us to read thru this all ?
if you wan na play it on the 13th then get it one egs otherwise wait and get it on steam
after my entire life not really getting sick not getting injured easily my skin not reacting to anything at all and generally being quite healthy a bunch of health issues coming out of the woodwork at 25 .
all this year i have been diagnosed with pots bicornuate uterus bertolotti 's syndrome and found out i have cervical ribs .
not to mention the hyper mobility in my jaw which caused it to dislocate and lock open which i now need surgery for .
3/5 cause me physical pain the bertolotti 's has started restricting my movement already and 4/5 are congenital defects that have and will continue to get worse as i age .
i am only 25 so i really fear all of this bs getting worse .
i fear i wo n't be able to have kids naturally and if i can i fear i wo n't be able to bend down to pick them up .
i wish they 'd make coords only accessible with a compass creative or cheats
i think real melted chocolate would be tastier maybe white chocolate with some dye ?
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm unsure of exact rule but commentators mentioned can play advantage for the set if the penalty given was for player misconduct .
although i 'd agree with you that it did seem to go for too long
this is one of the funniest dark humor posts ive seen in a while .
golf club but it when you hit people in the head it sends their head flying
include full store name full item name and price in title .
please consider nominating an especially helpful user to the muaotc royal court here https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlscobidzfaeydxkr3dqyqdfu293s9fguh73gde_d0xlaqvec9g/viewform .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/muaonthecheap if you have any questions or concerns .
is that a 300 installed cia limit or do other roms on the microsd accessed through emulators also count ?
i do n't think i 've played without ironman for at least 800 hours i also do n't play with historical focus on i prefer the randomised shit show of random ironman mode .
no harry comes back because voldemort used harys blood to recreate his body resulting in the magic of lily potter 's sacrifice lived on in voldemort and kept harry alive .
hary being a horcrux had nothing to do with his ressurection .
ahh ... we 're in the same boat atm.. half way done with painting .
you will grant me extra worms for me being a cute boy if you do not you shall be executed
i do that at times at my regular bar where i know what 's the price of what i bought
and the bartenders are cool with it as i do regularly go there so if i am short for some reason i 'll just have to pay it when i 'm back again .
i think if you 're not one of those asshole customers and you 're nice this would work .
jy moet jouself 'n guns doen en op youtube die volgende uitkyk orkney snork nie casper rasper show bizarre donderdae om so paar te noem .
meni osobno reljina glazba skroz pase nema ocito duboke tekstove ni hype melodiju ali bar meni stvori skroz dobru vibru .
malo nije fer da ne smijem uplicati glazbenike koji se bave s time no ajde necu tu dvojicu .
cili subgenre chicago trapa je o ubijanju i drogirajnu .
iako sam siguran da je dobra podloga za ubijanje i drogiranje meni osobno je dobar za teretanu .
lil peep i skvadra otvoreno promoviraju ili jesu koristenje droga cak ne ni prodaju .
futurea slusaju milijuni koji obozavaju kako se on puca kodeinom .
njemacka je jos gora dobrih 90 repa je na neki nacin o drogi ili necemu slicnom ili ako imas srece bit ce o sponzorusama .
budimo iskreni ovo je balkan i tesko da ce kendrick lamar i slicni ikad proci tu .
mene su do 15 godine prijatelji podjebavali sto san slusa kid cudija rockya i ostale vrhunac komedije je bio kad u pjesmi bude nekakav ad-lib pa onda oni mogu odgovoriti reka je uh sinjaj brate ka da ga jebu u šupak dok piva .
el ga jebu u šupak dok piva brate ? ''
sumnjam da su se dica po tom pitanju promijenila .
sto se tice tog materijalnog mainstream repa barem koliko se meni cini da balkanski rap nije ni bija takav dok ekipa nije skuzila da se sa americkim materijalizmom moze zaraditi pun kurac vise .
meni se cini da je vise bilo anti-materijalnog tipa kao npr volim te '' od ede majkee ali moguće je da sam u krivu .
ali opet muski u klubu zele fleksati neke zene ce se loziti na to sto ce oni fleksati i svi odu doma sretni skupa i to je valjda cilj takve glazbe .
ja osobno ne vjerujem da mediji imaju utjecaj na mlade koji vec nisu poceli određenim negativnim putem .
znam po sebi da kad sam bio mladi i sa odredenom ekipom koja je uzivala u tome da budu zestoki decki da su me takvi tipovi glazbe lozili .
cim sam shvatio da takvi likovi zavrsavaju sa 30 sami bez prebijene kune u dzepu u parku sa 14. godisnjacima kojim pricaju price toga kako su oni u njihovo vrime bili zesci od zemunskog klana utjecaj bilo kakve glazbe je stao .
ovo za kvaliteti produkcije se potpuno slazem cak i na prosjecnim on-ear slusalicama ka jbl e500bt se osjeti da je netko pismu sklapa na onom rozom djecjem synthu sa mikrofonom .
nasi pjevaci nisu zvijezde i nisu toliko bogati nemaju marketing firme koje valjaju ni nesto dobre agente/menadzere .
ovi ljudi nisu drake nisu post malone oni su vise tipa tyla yaweh samo sto je njegov uspon vise manje vrhunac na balkanu vjv cak i nize od toga zbog ogranicenosti zarade .
ipak ima tu i ljudi koji se znaju marketirati kako triba tipa maya berović .
zna sto ljudi oce i daje im to i dize novce od toga .
ja sam siguran da 99 ozbiljnih pusaca viruju da je pusenje nesto sto bi tribalo biti ilegalno zabranjeno i kaznjavano .
svatko tko se ne slaze s tim nije jos napunio 16 sto se mene tice .
ja doslovno uvik iman zvaku u ustima deodorant parfem i jos uvik nakon cigare smrdim na duhan dobrih pola sata .
pušenje je meni osobno uzrokovalo doslovno sve zdravstvene probleme koje sam dosad ima kostalo me puno novaca i od 14-17 godine mi je ogranicilo socijalni krug na samo pusace i to je takoder bila jedina aktivnost .
ali to nije krivica glazbe po mom misljenju to je do balkanaca i toga sto smo mi ovako kao narod idioti .
ja sam poceo sa 14 godina 4 godine prije nego mi je itko smio dati cigaru u ruku .
izgleda san ka netko tko je tamana usa u pubertet .
ja san mislio da je to vrlo kul zato sto su srednjoskolci s kojim sam se druzija svi pusili i bilo je vrlo zanimljivo .
ja garantiram da do 15 nisam poceja ne bi nikad ali to je potpuno nebitno posto su mi ljudi u prakticki svakom ducanu svjesno gurali cigare u ruku iako su znali da ja definitivno stopostotno nisam ni blizu 18. rodendana .
vibra reljine glazbe je pola prije-nwts drake-a tuga iz porschea beograd jos zivi a pola posli nwtsa made in balkan dolce vita .
despite people pretending otherwise you only need 50 1 mps for an election or none if the queen orders one .
hvis du komplet forbyder lobbyisme betyder det også at organisationer som red barnet ikke kan snakke til politikerne om nogen som helst problemstilling .
og man burde ikke i et demokrati begrænse nogens mulighed for at ytre sig til politikerne bare fordi man er uenig i deres motiv/holdning politikerne skulle også forestille at tage deres egne beslutninger og står selv på mål for dem .
those people want to lynch the gays but the gays didnt wear a shirt once therefore its justified ypu crazy sjws
that 's why i do n't search i post ...
yo did you edit the sound effects or insert new ones ?
it feels way more bass heavy on this trailer or perhaps i did n't notice previously .
it 's not but these dumbasses would consider any rock band dad rock .
i was stable with 2 8gb sticks flarex b die at 3600 14-14-14-28 1t .
when i added 2 more sticks quad channel ... it reads quad channel ... but only can get 3200 14-14-14-28 1t .
didnt look but is it dual rank or single ?
i 'm wary of that particular agenda but if we make establishing true solidarity our goal such concerns can finally be addressed in a progressive way not as i suspect it is at the moment as a stick with which to beat down working class aspirations .
even assuming a total capitulation from big business to a renewed state authority the idea the working and middle classes can be totally insulated from any damage is very over-optimistic '' putting it diplomatically .
we can pile the burden on corporate hacks but any kind of significant restructuring of society is going to disturb everyone .
if we want to really change the trajectory the world is on we need to radically change .
aspirations like owning a multi bedroom home with growing equity will need to go .
growth as a model of society will need to go .
this is frightening because this is something that needs to happen but absolutely no one wants it .
i think adam driver 's nom is more likely to come from the report .
visited here whilst staying in bourton-on-the-water truly a beautiful part of our country
his point is the giant shitfest that rotates around reddit and the anti-ar circle jerk is willfully ignoring the fact that most guns today are semi-automatic and while you yourself might be all aboard the all semi autos you 're going to find yourself against a pretty hard brick wall asthe more guns included in the needs to be illegal '' camp the less backing you 're going to have .
also that a large portion of reddit and the population of the anti-gun movement at large are deadset focused on strictly ars when in reality it 's a moot fucking .
how about for starters we close all the ridiculous fuckin loopholes for guns ?
like bump stock grandfathered full auto grandfathered everything fucking else gunshow laws private sale laws background checks pistols in rifle calibers then are classified as pistols because of some ridiculous technicality which people then screw fucking rifle barrels and stocks onto anyway .
https www.cheaperthandirt.com/firearms/handguns/semi-automatic/.308-winchester-7.62x51-nato do those look like fucking hand guns to you ?
the change will not be abrupt it wo n't be off.. then on .
you want to start something that actually moves and has progress ?
know what lets someone shoot a lot of people ?
no one murdered 50 people with a gun that had a permanent 10 round mag .
point is it 's a start and a start is a hell of a lot better than the current blockade we 're at now .
i realize people want more than that but if you 're sitting there punch a wall because no one wants to give you a jack hammer would n't you rather use a chisel to at least get going or would you rather just continue to punch it ?
i mean ... a 23 year old dude in paradise valley ?
yeah ... this is exactly the entitled shitty mentality i 'd expect from that lol .
with a vagina other than period its just there most if the time though it leaves discharge on your underwear .
and oh yeah sometimes when you move and air gets in somehow when it comes out it sounds like a fart and that 's mortifying .
with tits when you 're growing maybe not for all peope but it hurts when somthing presses on them .
you also need to go bra shopping and finding fitting bras etc
i mean eyes glow when you have the flash on sometimes i 've seen it happen in low light situations
if your support is doing something the carry can do on his own they 're a shit support .
i love the first film like really love it but the other two are far too dragged out and watered down .
it 's a dead end but still a fun and difficult dungeon for early game .
this is only stupid if he holds the title more than like 6 months .
you want the title of an established are when going on television and then have a new start take it off from relatively quickly .
you have to be fast in forming a relationship because they will most likely be gone in a month or two or even weeks
this is something my wife has dealt with her whole life .
she is very shy and absolutely gorgeous but has always struggled making friends because 9/10 they had another motive .
i know it because of the early 90s techno version by apotheosis .
however your post has been removed for being in violation of rule 2 .
if you have any questions regarding this action please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/outrun .
actually i think i was out drinking beer for that and i missed it .
from the look of it that was tom yam kung prawn which is the most famous one for tourists .
should have tried the most common traditional tom yam tom yam pla fish .
got mine shipped back to me the day after they got it .
my skin reacts to fresh oranges by turning red and itchy oof .
happened a few times in 3rd grade but ever since then i have n't experienced it again .
found this one on silph road didnt check it tho 34.80283000 82.31700000
he looks just like my buddy sparky who passed earlier this year .
he was not a yeller and rarely spoke at all but i loved him and miss him .
put a tnt cannon on the front of it .
i lose all reason to live and wither away in a catatonic stupor
the oceans will suffice and if not we can always plant more trees .
the amount of time they get delayed they sorta need to have them early lmao
thanks that honestly made me feel slightly better for some reason honestly my anxiety is ruining my life and i do n't know what to do about it
well at least they did that at least it adds a little variety to the world and not trying to be negative over every little thing on the internet .
the emergency vet near me has a thing where if it is within a certain time frame for the same issue they do n't charge much .
edit i have to get some sleep but i hope everything works out .
i do n't know enough to answer you yet !
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's how he 's been presented but i think from what he 's said he 's a bit more of a quina or a foden type than a doucoure/capoue type .
still just as baffling given our relative strength and lack of playing time for any player who fits that kind of position .
i was wondering if maybe someone could pick up on anything from my mother .
her name is lisa and i lost her in 2016 .
i 'm having the darkest most hopeless time in my life right now and thought i might try reaching out here to see if she might come through to anyone .
wandrewa sent you a link in the post above .
it was confirmed by dmg the community manager at bungie that it was the raid gear
that 's awesome to have such a thoughtful friend though i 'm so happy for you !
the idea is to finish off a mob with your wand for 2 reasons .
first is that if you use a spell to make the finishing blow it can be overkill i.e .
the damage your spell does far outweighs the mobs remaining health meaning you 've essentially spent mana you did n't need to .
the second is that your mana regen kicks in 5 secs i think might be wrong on number here after your last cast meaning that if you finish with a wand you can get in some ticks or extra ticks of mana regen before you pull your next mob .
all this means is that you can kill faster as you spend less time out of combat drinking or waiting for mana to replenish .
e però la i maiuscola e la l minuscola si confondono .
that 's right bozos it 's anarchy day today !
https www.reddit.com/r/tf2/comments/cy5dzs/anarchy_day_2019_has_begun most of our usual subreddit rules do n't apply today but rules 8 9 10 and reddit 's sitewide rules still do that 's because we 're refreshing them tomorrow along with other changes to make your r/tf2 experience better .
this notice is being put on every new post to raise awareness of these changes
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tf2 if you have any questions or concerns .
now you just need an elsa spiderman nursery rhyme in the background
it lacks empathy and could be used to fuel plenty of harm to others but as a first step out of existential paralysis it 's fine i guess .
they are almost as getting to the level of north korea .
christ there is no one that really does anything right away until a few more seconds past .
yeah but warning tend to be limited or in some sense lenient .
banning a guy from university laptops whilst limiting his internet access and monitoring him seems excessive for a warning '' .
so strange these people caring so much about what someone else does in their time .
i thought he left the chat 2019 years ago ?
hey you have probably titled your post wrong or you have made an off-topic post .
you are not in trouble or anything but next time make sure to start your post title with '' i wish ... '' submission rule 1 or inv '' if you are making an inverse post submission rule 6 .
if your post has something to do with the subreddit itself start your post with m '' and i 'll be sure to show up and take any advice or feedback .
unfortunately to avoid spam i 'm going to remove this post .
do n't worry just post again with proper formatting and we 're straight !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/themonkeyspaw if you have any questions or concerns .
after work some naan '' on a tortilla griddle while onions tomatoes and beef/lamb cook under the broiler .
it 's infuriating that no one seems to care what the law says .
those big bad evil liberals need to abandon immigration policy and law just because of the family messed up their visa entitlements and they have kids
i am not saying the non-matching gear is immersive but the fact that everyone is wearing current content items without the option to change that .
yes adventurer who is serious about his equipment is looking good .
but it does not feel as good to go trough boralus and see players wearing mixed quality looking sets from previous expansions .
import tkinter imports your script not the system tkinter module .
i think you mean 1 in 3 unless you dropped this s ''
if you 're serious do you have a link this propaganda ?
this outrage never did or will make sense to me .
so what he had a sword and was amazing with it he wo n't and ca n't survive a 20 v 1 unarmoured .
realistic and senseless deaths are what made got and asoiaf as enjoyable as they are .
why is the commander of the troops the queens own advisor and only member of the queensguard on the most bottomest level of a city rallying to kill him and his circle ?
why did barristan selmy whose incredible battle sense is lauded and praised by everyone not see the most obvious set-up of all time coming ?
amazon rainforest is part of the feeding chain of the largest phytoplankton colony in the oceans those little buggers that make mostly of the worlds oxygen .
that 's how it worked for the longest time until we realize people with a penis tend to not hire people without a penis .
have n't played those in any significant fashion regardless of how crappy the communities and/or admins might be there i do n't think it 's unreasonable to think players should be punished for breaking the rules .
you understand that parents fucking ask their child about how they feel right ?
the parents do n't just fucking decide that their child is trans this does n't fucking happen .
would you idiots just fucking listen to the people who actually experience this shit instead of the shameless lies of right-wingers ?
you 're literally recommending fucking legislation for how people can identify .
labour reform is not easy..that 's why this time started with wage code simplification then they will bring other stuff..probably this downturn is good time to push reforms as opposition can be countered .
my video card supports displayport 1.4 but should i get a displayport 1.2 cable since the monitor is compatible with 1.2 ?
i just built with metal around them then realised i would n't be able to defend them all so concentrated on the top one where they can only attack from 2 sides .
as a kid this was definitely a question i had
a new global study conducted by mit affirms sacramento 's status as the city of trees http www.sactownmag.com/february-march-2017/made-in-the-shade
it 's like there where times when my ndad might as well just put his fingers in his ears close his eyes and go 'nah-nah-nah-nah-nah i ca n't hear you ' .
no toxic masculinity '' is a term coined by men 's rights activists in the 1980s to distinguish childish toxic behaviour like seen in high school bullies and prison gangs from deep '' masculinity like teddy roosevelt type men .
your opinion is just an echo from youtube outrage charlatans who do n't fact check anything at all .
im a straight cis girl and even i think hetero pride is shit .
we get it dylan you like coochie but so does rebecca .
normal the format all the word uses if there is a specific country that wo n't use it it 's their problem
idf and israel has n't really got a reason to unfairly treat palestinians or people in syria/lebanon .
they 're only responding in a rough way if israel has been provoked by somebody else which nobody points out in these scenarios because they inherently occupy an anti-israel bias .
i know the kimono is fantastic but what catches my eye the most is the ears rarely seen such high quality nekomimi that fit the ensemble so perfectly .
i got an 18pc set for 29.99 with 16 colors a base and a top coat .
the colors are mini size but it 's still enough for a lot of use .
true to the color of the bottle apply smooth and have no issues curing .
college is a great time ... if you live in a country where you dont have to go in debt to visit college .
i think the biggest difference is understanding how to transfer your knowledge onto different types of players and having them play the way you want them to even if it 's not their nature .
everyone knows that all spirits are powerless against salt .
when you have power they 're heroes when you 're in the heat of night they 're sitting on their hands .
if you managed to get three jobs to max then you must have had some enjoyment from it in the end .
or did you push yourself through on the promise of it gets better '' ?
abstract question if you could change your past and have spent that time on something else would you ?
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/about/rules of r/dating_advice in mind while participating here .
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdating_advice we rely on user reports to find rule-breaking behavior quickly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dating_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
it might just be a placebo because you burn through shotgun ammo so stupidly fast .
mechanical engineering consider a fifo job up north imo .
it might lead to a job at a firm or with a mining company in town down the road .
this is what i 've done and it 's a pretty good life .
whatever the answer is the access to a valid moscow-issued passport and the immediate and comprehensive purging of the any data linked to the cover identity vadim sokolov is a clear indication of the state involvement in this extraterritorial assassination similar in brazenness and lack of plausible deniability to the skripal case .
awful to watch games there on telly too the camera angles are fucked .
may be easier to test with one and when it seems good enough make it work with other one too .
when the 5 freya uses her jumps that also chain the turn you use them on does she use the chain twice when dwing or does it only still cast once because she 'd have already jumped before the second one would fire off ?
man it 'd be so much easier if dragoons were n't just forced into tdw and could tdh efficiently too
i think stray dogs are very vulnerable and are helpless when they are young even when they are older they cant ask for food they can not communicate akin to a toddler .
i am sure a dog would love to be in the comforts of a house rather than running around a city .
if i were a dog i 'd love to be in a house with a owner who loved me rather than be left to roam around a city .
why would you want to forcefully capture an independent pet ?
because they are animals and can not reason or communicate with people .
would you let your baby go sit alone in the metro station ?
i really do n't understand why indians like to bicker about stupid arguments and not follow international norms .
animals need to be supervised otherwise they are a major hazard .
let them live in a supervised area maybe a dog park at a shelter or something but not at the expenses of other people .
a bite from a stray dog is not fun .
telling the parents that their kid died from rabies because of your stray dog will not be a fun experience .
mostly true but home ownership is not at 90 you must not live in california
we do n't .. you can reach out to me here by dm or ig all.kicks247 cheers ken
man this is so sad like why let off that girl for ruining the name of the boy ? ?
how can the parents and the law enforcement allow this .
i got a pack of playing cards and photocopied the back pages of the book then tucked the printouts in the card sleeve with the normal deck behind cost 2 quid for the sleeves .
as obvious as it is this is a weird thread to read and apparently it does need to be said .
as if we do n't buy what the farmers are producing and as if farmers do n't just follow what the system is designed for them to do .
honestly the only mistakes you made were not meeting up with this guy in a public place first so you could get a read on him before y'all took off anywhere together and not scoping out the hotel before you even went there .
good thing that when you two did meet up he turned out to have your back because it definitely sounds like that creepy-ass stranger was a sex trafficker looking to see if he could kidnap you .
it sound like someone told him you were there and that explains why he suddenly rolled up out of nowhere to that particular place how else could he have known exactly where you two were ?
and nobody knocks on your door at 2 a.m. about some credit card mess that was just a ruse the creep used to try and find out where you were .
at least you got a friendship after all that happened and you 'll know better next time to double-check any hotel you 're going to .
and you had nothing to be embarrassed about that 's what cheap hotels are for lol .
bitch ca n't hold in a fart let alone hold down a jorb .
maybe i 've misinterpreted the question but this seems really disrespectful to nonabrahamic faiths .
why would the god of judaism or christianity be real and everyone else 's god is just a powerful being ?
the most in form flyhalf is the flyhalf that has the best impact on their team and its chances of winning and has the best ability to play .
what would be the implied meaning then playing the closest to the ceiling of their ability ?
per the sidebar rules link posts require a description in the comments of your post .
please add a description or this post will be removed .
except it 's not so i 'll try to explain one more time
and yet you 're equating this to working a job you hate '' as if you ca n't be happy while single or unmarried and would never choose to be either of these things .
i believe almost all people would be married if they found their ideal mate
this is merely what you believe but have nothing backing it up in regards to society at large .
the divorce rate is 50 the article i linked stated that more than 50 of canadians have no interest in being married in the first place .
the stats are just not with you at all .
if they had the option no one would take a job they hate '' over a nicer one .
but plenty of people would choose to be single or just unmarried .
this is why your example was a false equivalency .
all i can really say to you anymore is that just because you believe something to be a certain way does n't mean it 's true .
sorry u/larsjeparsje2 we can not accept your submission because you do not meet the account requirements of this sub .
numerical values are kept intentionally vague and messaging the moderators about it may lead to a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cash4cash if you have any questions or concerns .
there should be an olympics where athletes can take as many drugs as they want .
like fuck it let 's see how high humans can really jump
i 've noticed a few skins have themes like that .
lifeline has an alternator and kraber pathfinder has a peacekeeper .
they all hang out at the bingo parlor on first and clayton .
it is true most people dislike criminals even if they are forced to be and thats it
i know from myself that in turkey we got syrian crisis and i am ok with them until tey decide to stab someone to survive
i am sorry for you loss know that your mom is smiling down from heaven because she finally was able to get away from you .
it 's been almost five months for me and ... yes that 's exactly it .
i still feel like half of my heart is missing .
i 'm still not used to her not being here or our routines being over .
i 'm still not used to the emptiness literally in my room and figuratively in my spirit .
she was with me every single day for almost 13 years and we were hardly ever apart so it is like a fundamental part of me is gone .
i sympathize so much and i hurt for everyone here who is feeling that same heartache .
i 'm wishing you all hope and healing too .
the date is correct but the description is not complete .
a complete description was given in the comments of a previous posting of the image
it 's an overflow facility that the fbi 's identification division started using during world war ii for the purposes of clearance needs of the armed services .
the building is the dc armory a multi-use arena facility — and sometimes ice rink !
by 1942 the fbi was adding 400,000 file cards a month to its archives and were receiving 110,000 requests for name checks per month .
by 1944 the agency contained some 23 million card records as well as 10 million fingerprint records .
my understanding is that pollsters do n't typically like to run polls during august as most people are on vacation .
i do n't know what you mean by that but okay .
it appears that you are asking for help with a topic that is covered by the reading the r/fitness wiki https thefitness.wiki by searching either threads or by using google .
please check over the r/fitness wiki https thefitness.wiki to see if your question can be answered by our existing resources .
click here to search past threads on r/fitness https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/search ? q restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
king constantine travels on a danish passport not greek .
i 've just recently gotten an approval for orientation and mobility ohio government programs suck and i 'm learning to use a cane .
i 'm hoping to get one of the ambutech hilite canes .
i just memorized places i went to a lot .
i also did it to get the strongest booty of them all !
needs to have alpha transparency so you can overlay it as needed .
set it up as a looping flv file uses less resources .
these look basically like any other run of the mill gwps they offer on the daily .
maybe something good will pop up in the morning emails ?
i was baffled on why they were n't after de ligt
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=what is something that you did as a kid which you thought was really weird but as an adult is now completely normal ? without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
at this point the possibility of being an outlier is what 's pretty much eating me up .
oh man the anxiety just is n't worth it .
if i get out of here in one piece this 'll be one of the biggest lessons in my life .
the only main ones that we saw staying true to picking ct was kam and cara .
ashley spoke up for him but i caught her quickly get swayed when someone brought up a point against him .
i also saw wes get swayed away several times during that conversation ... he was very shaky and not at all fighting for ct much at all .
i do n't know why people try to add others on for taking up for ct when the only real ride or dies for him that was shown was kam and cara .
as for who was n't shown the only one i could see possibly staying loyal to him that the cameras did n't pick up on is leroy .
leroy and ct are also good friends and leroy is the type to stay loyal and ride for his friends .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/showersex r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/bondage_porn r/analinsertions r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/clothingkink r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/erasernipples r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/sexandsoles r/allpornnsfw r/throatbarrier r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/bondage_porn r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asshole if you have any questions or concerns .
my dad 's a well off doctor but will haggle for the fun of it .
he pays with everything with paper money and asked how much it is if paying in cash .
usually he gets a nice discount which is always nice .
the new one is pretty funny and has fun references
i play on normal server and its been fun so far .
get yourself a social guild and its a good experience
saying at that time '' is n't implying anything it 's explicitly stating a time frame .
they need one more stop at least if not two
who buys a 1000 hoodie is the real question here ...
abho ruko bhai log iska barosa nhi saiman or other youtube ko call karke song bhi bana sakta h. kaha the tum jab m kitchen m bacho ko khana purash rha tha
i do n't know what else is on the phone and what he saw/sent to friends .
i 'd like to help her and tell people who this guy really is .
it 's a big deal for her if she had n't noticed god knows what he could 've done .
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=notice in person without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
50 chance i 'll shit myself when i see that in the dark with glowing eyes
would a rose by any other name not smell as sweet ?
for the record though the nom de plume i prefer is medicine.
could she point us to the fountain of eternal youth please ?
the new one does n't hold a candle to this .
did you dump it in ice water for a few minutes ?
then stick it in water with icubes—not the african-american rapper although that would be fun .
not at all bar the capitalism bit but i really do n't care to split hairs over the ideal economic system advertising is out of control and has been for a long time too many rely on it to see the damage it does and children are warped beyond healthy yet it 's normalised to so many .
'oh little timmy keeps talking about the new insert ad that has been shoved in timmy 's face every single day on tv/youtube he just loves them ' no .
no timmy has been subject to that shit so much he thinks he needs it and that is fucked .
so i hear ya all we can do is have gentle conversations with our kids to understand the sole purpose of these adverts .
my kid does spiderman far from home was on disgustingly overplayed and without my input my kid was sat there like again ? ! ''
each time it 'd come up lol so i would n't fear too much !
sadly your post has been removed for the following reason s
rule 3 no reposts if you 're going to post make sure to check to see if it 's already been posted .
if it 's a comment that 's got lots of upvotes chances are it 's been posted here before .
same he has this one kombo i do n't know how to block
a wrist is nothing compared to what john did .
i do n't have a degree and am currently hitting 2 brick walls because of it
career i 'm trying to break into the next tier of my career .
not having that piece of paper that says bachelor degree '' has been a major point of contention with not only employers but also with potential investors/business partners
visa i want to get my ass to japan for an extended amount of time years not months .
while there are a ton of options study english language teacher business intern sponsorship specialists startup visa plus scholarships and grants everything except studying full time needs a bachelor degree
as a lot of others have said just do a degree in something you feel you can work through once you have a degree it opens up a lot more doors and you can always study your passion part time at a later date .
also do n't forget that most millionaires/billionaires have degrees it 's the odd ones out that do n't eg zuck/gates and most of the times that 's due to outside circumstance like their product blowing up
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
captain hero gets all pissy when something else gets called super .
i 've heard that and i 'm jealous of that opinion but it 's not one i share
i can play a dozen or more instruments fairly well i went to undergrad for music education and people are pretty impressed with even my most mediocre bullshit
do you contest the assertion that foids fuck dogs ?
i fly between 80 and 100 segments a year how about you ?
it 's staggeringly naive to suggest that a product that 's been consistently building market share in virtually every market in which its offered is somehow uniquely different in canada .
airlines who exist to maximize profits are chasing after this money as any prudent business would .
if ole is n't playing him he should loan him
give her a bob cut i am weak for those
not sure i only noticed it like last month but i 'm not particularly observant .
fyi the 5 peace shield pack contains a 3 day shield .
you can also buy a 3 day shield in the alliance store for 800 alliance creds .
edit apparently if you put just 11 first i am yelling .
should n't you be more concerned about birth defects ?
i generally agree if you ca n't pay for a child and refuse to get an abortion you should put that child up for adoption .
the sad reality is that human beings make stupid decisions however and child support is the mechanism we have to help protect the child from the decision to keep them in situations that are financially unsustainable .
it pleases me that there is n't mint jelly within sight of this lamb .
my inner greek is curious though did the recipe call for the lamb to be cooked that well ?
dont get tied to just cheme is my advice .
as a may 2019 grad its not looking that great rn and i imagine its going to be exponentially worse 4 years since everyone hates o g and plastics and pretty much everything we do .
there are also more grads and stagnant job openings occur every year .
id recommend cheme/compsci if you think you can handle it .
i 'll be picking a team sometime in the next couple of days so i 'll let you know if you 're in .
small correction its magical beast nen beasts are conjured creatures
of course considering this was a test run by hunters its also possible these were indeed nen beasts
it is a government funded thru caltech non profit research facility .
remember op is a real person who has taken a risk by posting photos of herself to the internet .
if in doubt ask yourself how would i feel if someone posted this comment about me ? ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's probably easy to do for you since i 'm sure women do n't want anything to do with you .
he 's the only one that 's actually affecting the meta .
you should be seeing him any minute now . ''
i 'd rather give webb a shot at left tackle than bring back kalil
oh i completely forgot about them that 's probably a much better pick then thanks
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
'' why are they putting daddy in the ground ?
i 'm looking at certain players and seeing how they play this year .
not by someone without the intellectual chops such as yourself
whenever people pretend that magazine size stocks scopes and all the other various accessories and modifications make zero difference in a weapon 's functionality i ask why our special forces do n't all just carry six-shot revolvers into combat and nothing else .
that is a great point indy withdrawal is real and there is already an abundance of tributes and the sort during may .
long beach and gateway have both been brought up by others and i think both are great places for something like this .
so is he where that scene in saving private ryan was inspired from ?
i always thought that was such an incredible shot .
pretty scary if they are obviously aimed right at you
i mean have you taken a look at your peers in the acc .
during comp caution went 4/10ths in the right rear and 2/10ths in the fronts .
no idea how that small amount of air pressure destroyed his speed .
i know he was loose in 1-2 and tight in 3-4 after the caution but let 's hope he gets some balance back
i think he means his other post if you look at op 's profile he posted the same ad on airsoft market in us prices
tbh as an educated black chick that forced slang/mannerism change crap happens too often to take the chance .
or when people say something is ghetto then quickly add no offense '' while looking at me it 's like oh i guess being black automatically makes me a walking definition of ghetto ?
it 's not good but it 's probably still better than atlantic rim .
not only the lead up to it but also the discovery of it .
then his wife telling don he had no right to give a man like that ambition .
also we need to arm bald eagles with guns .
this way if commies shoot at our birds they 'll shoot back .
if that 's not american then i dont know what is .
the hellcat depending on the trim level has 707 or 797 horsepower the difference being the size of the supercharger from one trim level to another .
muscle cars like mustangs chargers camaros challengers etc and in this case the 'cuda are quite bad at taking turns at high speed and really only meant for drag racing going fast in a straight line .
edit corrected my previous assertion that the hellcat came with either a 6.2 or 6.4 liter engine .
all hellcats have a 6.2 liter the 6.4 liter engine is available on other lesser '' trim levels of challengers .
if canada could get this on the air asap that would be great .
i love his tips like how to freeze foods the best way for preservation or the little things like how to make crackers or pop tarts from scratch .
biodiversity means that it 's significantly more likely that something will survive .
i did n't read the article i hope that they are at least planting a mix of conifers and not literally the same species for 70 of the forest .
can you hang from it with your total weight ?
i would argue the latter because pop culture '' does n't take a hyphen .
olive oil goes in one of the containers vinegar in the other .
it can be reasonably tricky to setup and get your head around but once you do it can be very powerful and fun .
you can run windows and linux virtual machines too .
for example this weekend i setup my first cisco wireless network with the following
i then bridged my gns3 environment via a 2nd nic in my desktop to a physical 8 port c3560 30 with a lap1142n 22 connected to it mostly for poe .
to get to that stage took many hours before hand playing and using the various images separately .
for example had to try many different eval versions of the vwlc before finding one that boots and works successfully in gns3 .
also many hours actually setting the above environment up .
there are other free things from cisco such as the nexus virtual whatever that also runs in gns3 .
tell me how it works out i 'm one of the weirdos that never plays in europe most of my games are india america 's or east africa
the other songs on that album were more politically aware .
at least 2 of them were better than handlebars .
handlebars was just the one with the catchy hook and a mainstream appeal .
sure but the big thing is really the ui .
it 's bar none the best ui digital magic has ever had .
how did they get the impression that you were gay ?
u/theawesomeot your submission has been automatically removed for insufficient comment karma at this time .
please view your own profile to see the breakdown of your current karma levels .
the number you usually see is a combined value of post/link karma comment karma .
if you have not yet done so please read the new user introduction https www.reddit.com/r/gofundme/wiki/new-user-intro so that you 'll understand why requests from low karma accounts are not allowed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gofundme if you have any questions or concerns .
because fuck firearms in case of an emergency ya ?
all laws passed go into effect on the new fiscal year which starts september 1 .
yeah it 's not fair to terrible mayors like de blasio !
he 's as terrible a mayor as any democrat regardless of color .
these are used in optics to control the apertures in an optical systems .
i 'd be hesitant to use the edmund ones for drawing the circles like above since you may damaged the blades .
well maybe if there 's a presidential candidate in the future that you wan na support you can make a special one
i think the point is that these projects may be infrequent at a local level but they are quite common at regional/national levels .
because cities usually bring in engineers who are experienced working on these kind or projects even though it appears infrequent to the locals the top engineers at the design firms involved may well have been working on subway projects non-stop for their entire careers .
i do n't have enough of a specialist background to be able to track down who designed what but most likely this started out as a relatively unstructured consulting process where a city building a new subway would bring in a few people who had worked on a subway in another city as advisors .
as the importance of these advisors became clear they gradually took on a bigger role in the process until eventually they formed independent design firms that lead the process .
i noticed this view out of the corner of my eye and i had to take a picture of it but hopefully you get to come back every now and then
i think you look damn good the way you are ! ! !
people usually do n't like being told how or what to feel
it does n't mean you 're having incestual urges it 's just an involuntary physical reaction .
i got really lucky that youtube recommended it directly after such a shit ad
i ca n't make any promises for you but i 've ordered from them twice and both times they shipped next day .
i need some of that trolli ad campaign acid .
i just ca n't wait til my ten year reunion
but if that 's under a democratic president the dems probably lose at least a few seats probably colorado new hampshire nevada and arizona if they win it in 2020 .
i do n't know how they would be expected to make any big gains
ok i am going to miss the old goggles but i guess these will work
whoever was supervising should have caught these things in process .
if you do n't care about the quality of work you do then you obviously do n't want to work .
our policy is so ridiculous we ca n't even call the police unless someone is in physical danger .
someone could literally walk out while yelling i 'm stealing this ! ''
and all we can do is send an email to corporate letting them know it happened .
i know what bigger boys is about because i read an article about it before do n't know anything about the others .
i could barely understand her apparently she never learned manners or english
i have one with the same orb investment and he was getting rekt
it depends because i typically have some story going on in my head that i return to whenever i 'm bored .
however i have noticed a sharp decrease in this since starting college i think it 's because i 'm so busy all the time now .
halo 3 halo reach halo 2 i ca n't choose one
for the love of god all smokers need is a metal container like a band-aid box to store their butts until they reach a wastebasket !
i 'm pretty much atheist but do like half-heartedly studying religions and cultures not a lot of time to devote to it after all i need my reddit time .
is there some other text you are referring to about the quran stating to kill unbelievers ?
ˈaɪ.oʊ ˈaɪ i in tide '' oʊ o '' in code ''
i am sticking with the actual trade deals that really exist on planet earth .
i 'm pretty sure we are n't affected by the strike we just had one hell of a weekend and we are n't getting a milk order tomorrow due to the holiday
you wan na see something similar and almost scary .
matches as true if the strings are equal because of truthy values when
because if you pass in an array for 'holdssomething '
borrow rate on compound is 15.8 at the moment .
however that 's not to say the stability fee should n't be decreased which it will .
i 'm advocating for lower rates than compound currently has to migrate loans back to makerdao to mint more dai .
this will happen we 're just learning that decentralized governance is slow and still has many kinks to iron out .
edit i realize after posting that you are referring to usdc which has different risk parameters and thus has a different borrowing rate .
since it 's directly backed by physical fiat 1:1 it will likely always have lower rates due to less risk although i 'm of the opinion it should be the other way around but that will sort itself out in time .
i always though it was funny seeing the mrdesctructoid clap spam in chat when the robot voice happened it adds a little something extra to watching him react to some boring ass video .
now all the fun has been banned outta his stream and mods have been given orders to perm ban everyone who steps outta line .
i even got a 24 hour today for typing a single ?
? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
ip potato salad is pretty low effort besides chopping .
you could say he https giphy.com/gifs/explosion-badass-csi-miami-uyffljmqx1ehe https giphy.com/gifs/explosion-badass-csi-miami-uyffljmqx1ehe felt the burn .
not one for light feel good stories normally but i loved this one .
everyone involved in it is a legend except maybe the kiwi who i hope is alright .
listen to the audio everyone is so cool but was no doubt freaking the fuck out .
any pilots on here who could shed some light on this .
what are the chances of someone with no experience pulling this off was he lucky skilled or could most people do this ?
who was he talking to do air traffic controllers have to have a pilots licence ?
that 's so sad poor riker he tries so hard
all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
see reality fiction https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a reality+fiction restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all and simple prompts https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a simple+prompt restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all for stricter titles
be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback and follow the rules https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/writingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
for me i just dream of moving out so i do n't have to be with my parents i hate them but it 's a reaaallly long story and i do n't have to be crazy religious in my stupid all girls religious school and the thought of being eighteen and being in college and having a life even if i 'm broke keeps me hopeful so i would never want to kill myself idk
this might be the hardest part for me right now
i love having that way at the end of a playful day
then paste that line hit enter and join the world of milk and honey rivers d
like i said she does n't really use it .
i made it for her like a year ago .
what about i do n't even know who you are ''
maybe a little bit small but really nice looking for a first grow gg
holy shit fight club is my favorite movie ever i have watched it more times than i can count and read the book multiple times as well and never thought that but it makes sense !
rosen was an average qb at ucla and has given zero indication he 's going to be a good nfl qb .
if he controls the game why did n't he rank high in evo ?
unless you have a super cool guildmate that just basically give them to you for no fps .
i hope you have a lot of fp income because they usually sell for 300-400 fps and if you only get them from your town hall it wo n't cut ii you 'll still be paying for it in several weeks .
just because i think it would be fun to talk to someone i met on a game as a kid now
this is such flawed logic and goes to show that consumers are morons and do n't know what they want .
i wish i could just pay for what i want to watch '' .
the problem is everyone feels like they deserve to watch everything under the sun and leads to this ridiculous line of thinking .
i just do n't get this mindset at all .
i 've had one for 2 years and play a lot and it still looks great and is n't peeling off .
oh yeah i agree that they almost certainly have an uphill battle at best .
morning wake up take levothyroxine take a shower get dressed in lose-fitting natural fabrics prevents hidradenitis suppurativa .
take metformin vitamin d folic acid with a protein shake brush teeth drive to work .
no makeup or my face breaks out no shaving or i get hs outbreaks .
try to arrange hair to hide balding on top .
apply clindamycin and gauze to any open hs outbreaks ca n't tape gauze on because allergic to adhesive so have to stuff it in bra and boyshorts and readjust throughout the day .
if i have broken toes from migraine clumsiness bandage them happens several times a year .
afternoon work occasionally sprint to the bathroom due to metformin side effects .
walk somewhere for lunch unless broken toes or hs prevents walking .
take sublingual benadryl if i accidentally walk past smokers and try not to have an anaphylactic reaction epi-pens are expensive .
pick something with lots of veggies and some protein family history of gallstones ca n't process fat well insulin resistance means low carbs .
work some more more sprinting to the bathroom especially if i got a salad for lunch which i love and do often because i hate myself .
evening drive home either skip dinner or make something for partner and i eat a little bit usually end up if 20 hrs .
clean a little work computer games or knitting/netflix while cuddling partner and rats .
take loratadine and try to sleep without having too much apnea from allergies .
if i skip the protein shake and take metformin with a carby meal then i end up violently shitting myself all day and not properly absorbing it which means i 'm super hungry all day and if i get into the cycle of not absorbing it properly then my hormones get out of wack hs gets a lot worse i skip periods acne hair falls out in chunks and i have mood swings .
same if doctors try to mess with my meds .
i 'm lucky i do n't get bad acne anymore because i was put on way too much accutane as a kid .
my liver is damaged but my skin is flawless .
i need to get more exercise but i break bones and dislocate joints really easily hard to make time for it and to be honest i hate exercise with a burning passion .
also i get a lot of weird autoimmune skin things so part of my routine is taking whatever random meds they currently have me on for that bandaging things applying creams trying not to cry in pain .
there 's nothing like holding a physical copy in one hand coffee in the other and deciding the plan of action .
if you worry about checking all of the endless boxes all the time you 'll be worrying a lot .
just make sure you take attendance and do n't violate their confidentiality and you should be good .
you 'd be surprised what a 1st year teacher can get away with .
just say i did n't know because that probably was the truth .
mine grunts and whines as he jumps off the couch .
case in point my dad has a female liver and a male everything else .
i am ok with freddie taking a pitch to the foot/ankle at least once every 10 days .
the blending is excellent here so it looks very clean and fitting .
these stats are horribly misleading and it 's disappointing democrats still use them
it would be a shame if we lowered the overall murder rate instead of just true mass shootings '' 🙄
i ended up buying it since it only cost me 5.62 88 off plus tax with the additional bundle discount if you own homeworld already on steam .
it would help to start off with dok first ... if only due to the fact it sets up the global factions and their mindset 's and lays the premise for reaching into the unknown and taking the ultimate gamble that progresses the conflict and lays the foundation for the saga .
dok will lay the ground work for how you traverse the game from active sensors manager returns in hw to unit production from your carrier/mothership to the types of classes involved .
every game pick one thing you are going to improve on and do that repeatedly whenever you can in game .
set a high score for that lane and try to beat it .
sometimes you 'll die and lose but learning what works is how you get better .
do n't even try to do all of them at once .
focus on one at a time and then slowly weave them together .
same thing it 's not doing either of those .
it appears to have virtually zero relative velocity in this video which means it came from the iss itself .
also zero spin along the first half of its path spin on the second half .
it 's pretty obviously on a slow tumble along it 's long axis the entire time .
yeh i instantly looked at the username and was surprised to see it was n't him .
i 'm sure he 's happy to know someone else has as many rubber ducks as him .
not my default thought but i think about what would happen if i was diagnosed with a terminal illness with 6 months .
what i would do who i would tell what 's on the 6 month bucket list how i would act differently .
it 's a little dark but it helps put things in perspective about what i should be doing regardless who i really care about who really cares about me .
not sure your location but they sell those furniture movers that are plastic pads with felt !
shave the jawline down implants at the edge of his jaw to widen his face out and finish up with plenty of filler for the cheeks .
et voila you now look like someone 's attempt to screw with the character creator .
the standards of judging on the show always have been and always will be arbitrary .
some weeks it 's about record some weeks it 's about hitting the challenge sometimes it 's both and while i ca n't think of any examples off the top of my head i 'm sure there have been eliminations that are neither .
it 's by far the most frustrating part of the show .
have been looking for them for a couple of days .
you may not have mom but that does n't mean you don't/wo n't have other people who love and care about you
the help i need is i m not sure how these guys work this will be the first time i will be ordering directly from an international channel so i want to know does indiapost do this on their own or they have to be instructed paid by the company to pay customs fees and all my dad told me few years ago he used to have to go to customs port office depending upon flight freighter ship which i cant go since the cost of travel will be simply too much .
since its a very light product i m not sure what will happen where it will arrive how will thing be handled .
all left except speed-buff in holdout pugs because too many people whine about it throwing off their strafe aim .
copyright is the exclusive right given to the creator of a creative work to reproduce the work usually for a limited time .
the creative work may be in a literary artistic or musical form .
copyright is intended to protect the original expression of an idea in the form of a creative work but not the idea itself .
a copyright is subject to limitations based on public interest considerations such as the fair use doctrine in the united states .
i 'm a huge fan of all their work .
i 'd still rate it higher then the last 3 albums .
i think older fans resent the change in dynamic from ultra to exciter .
it 's slower and maybe not a hit machine like violator but still solid
he wo n't see any playing time there either .
that 's actually a delicacy https nit.pt/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/gaveto-arroz-de-lampreia-alivetaste-e-pedro-do-canto-brum-754x394.jpg in portugal .
it 's one the weirdest thing i 've ever tasted ...
sometimes they might announce the dj for smaller events .
i also do sports events occassionally and the hosts may announce the djs when closing the event or something .
i had my real name announced once and i just thought it sounded really weird .
is this the official manga or is this done by someone else ?
are you definitely testing a pair designed for your non-dominant hand ?
or the inability to recognize rhetorical or literary devices techniques patterns etc .
i have 5 teams all above lv65 now and have not once felt any need to spend real money .
popular opinion this is a very very good mobile pokemon game
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
if he was like that with season one i ca n't imagine he 'd make it to season four when they stopped putting good couples on altogether .
i guarantee dinyell and mohamed will make him tap out on season two .
let me answer the question with a question of my own what would the repercussions of stealing from the people you travel with be ?
i 'm gon na take a wilddddd guess here and say yea he 's gay .
following up on replacement options aldi are getting in 29 '' hard tails this weekend with a 1x10 deore group set and internal cabling for 399 !
reviews so far are positive as where their 2018 model .
anyone who comments in this thread is now on a watchlist
i 'm so confused what happens when you switch bunkers do you have two or do you lose the old one ?
the first thing i thought of was when conan o'brien went to train with kevin hart at the gym .
kevin seems super in shape so i hope that aids his recovery
i 'm already ready for the bitching about bitching and people getting pissed that shockingly game threads are highly reactionary where feelings go high and low .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
these should be placed at the start of your post 's title
request asking the r/theydidthemath community to do the math for you !
self you did the math and want to share it !
rdtm reddit did the math '' linking to a comment or post on reddit where someone else does the math !
off-site use when linking to any site including imgur that is not reddit.com .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/theydidthemath if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's early so our baby is still the size of a bean '' is one thing regardless of accuracy .
19 weeks with twins according to op 's wife as he further explained is a different story ...
yes a serious delusion like this defies basic logic .
and i did n't force you to see this so not my fault
people have been cutting it down for centuries until there 's basically nothing left .
i remember back in cataclysm they made that holy power resource for paladins and at release it was so broken holy paladins could heal forever without going oom .
and then they changed how it works in a hotfix .
we were in a dungeon at the time and our healer went from everything is fine to wtf is going on .
why am i not getting my holy power ? ?
he started questioning his sanity before we saw the hotfix notes .
one of the implications of his observation was that since the human stomach contains hydrochloric acid which is actually more acidic than sulphuric acid cbd may turn into the psychoactive thc compound after ingestion .
since then it has been largely verified through a number of human studies that oral ingestion of cannabidiol cbd does not in fact seem to convert into any consequential measures of thc .
in spite of this fact though a recent 2016 report published in cannabis and cannabinoid research aimed to bring the topic back to life by presenting new evidence showing an alarming conversion rate of the non-psychoactive compound into psychoactive thc in the stomach .
the paper sent off a few alarm bells in the industry coincidentally just as cbd was gaining huge momentum within the medical scientific political and public eye .
however the research community – as well as the cannabis community at large – was quick to point out several highly erroneous aspects of the study which ultimately ended up being labeled as fraud by the non-profit organization project cbd .
as it turns out the study was carried out by researchers employees of zynerba pharmaceuticals who at the time was developing a transdermal cbd patch which would have administered the cannabinoid through the skin rather than through the digestive system .
in other words it was of great interest to them to portray cbd as potentially psychoactive when ingested orally .
as project cbd puts its zynerba had a financial interest in depicting oral cbd which is well tolerated in clinical research as potentially harmful .
i think that 's the time when they started to kill of people for the sake of killing people and shock value because it became the got trademark ... and they just overkilled it .
he was a famous one but not all that important .
but since there are more lbgt mileenials that means less kids which means we save the planet from over population
thank you for your submission unfortunately it has been automatically removed because it was not properly titled .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/2meirl4meirl if you have any questions or concerns .
found a copy of the apk and got it installed thru that .
boo-boo means damage as a result of an wrongful action
i made a boo-boo '' the child most likely broke something by accident
boo boo '' on a face probably means an injury .
the person could have wanted to say i consider what happened to you to be a mistake ''
please read the entire message before messaging the modteam .
because your account is new under 10 days old or your account has very low karma your submission has been removed .
this action is not directed at you personally r/cats requires all accounts to be at least 10 days old and have at least 50 combined karma in order to create new threads .
it is easy to acquire karma simply by participating in discussions with comments on posts .
posts and comments anywhere on reddit contribute to your total karma not just on r/cats .
you can check your karma on your profile page https www.reddit.com/user/me or u/radtrash15 .
message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcats and let us know .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cats if you have any questions or concerns .
the problem is that no matter how prevalent a deck is you ca n't predict what the next deck will be and with tens of thousands of people online at a given time unless you 're in high legend you 're essentially rolling the dice with having 10 useless cards in your deck
what did you do wrong and how would you do it if you were to do it again ?
no you have to either anvil 2 diamond pickaxes together that both have efficiency iv or add a efficiency iv book to an efficiency iv pickaxe
loved michael mando 's in show nacho vaas in fc 3 acting
89 sounds rather okay i did not do the math but gravity lessens the further away you are from a mass .
furthermore there is about no air in space several particles per million and thus there is no such thing as wind as we would describe it in earthly manners .
please do your best to respond to commenters as they take the time and effort to read your post and give you advice .
if a commenter provides advice that is helpful please respond to the comment with the word '' helped '' anywhere in your comment .
this will give the commenter an advice point which will show that the commenter is a helpful member of this subreddit .
you can respond to as many comments as you want and we encourage it if they help you even a little bit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/advice if you have any questions or concerns .
all i can say i was there when they buffed murky into viability .
however people will know what to do against you for months .
i 'll put all the money on him becoming huge after x1
i already tried killing myself a few weeks back and i should be dead right now .
i feel as i used to always be a very positive person i 'm more of a dreamer .
and i always had so many hopes and dreams but as i got older i 've just realized a lot of what i wanted for myself is n't what i can actually do .
i settled for less in my head and still planned a life out i 'd be satisfied and happy with even if it was n't what i wanted exactly before .
but now it 's like that ca n't even happen cause i 'm too sick and nobody is here to help me any at all .
if a couple things were different in my life then i could 've really had a good life .
but the things that need to change are just out of my control .
i just feel so hopeless now because i feel there 's no ways out of this situation for me
during sex ok to manually stimulate dick off so you can cum outside her v on her belly or tits when you are ready to climax ?
i might be alone here but i find the clarity of a mild hangover highly motivating .
i 'm not an alcoholic though so it might be a bit different for me .
mark 's parents divorced when he was in third grade .
travis ' mom died when he was about 12 they did n't divorce .
it also does matter because if you ca n't tell one game that does n't support 4k on stadia you 're talking shit .
it seems like everyday we are coming closer and closer to normalizing white nationalism without even white nationalists .
hmmmm i only put gordon 2 cuz he has that contract issue .
and yeah idk i 'm not too high on lindsay
out of all of the aviation rates i like their job the best .
it 's cool but most have to deal with a lot of classified and above .
not too bad when you are starting out but it really sucks to be in charge of it .
you could go to prison for something that someone else did .
you do n't even have to be at work when it happens ...
yeah it was eye opening that 's for sure .
i thought they were joking at first but going into their profiles ... nope .
sure but people as you can see in this thread are shitting on starladder asif they are worse than faceit .
sean is trying to praise starladder because no one else is even though the major has been great so far .
when you speak of ota problems it helps to mention what part of the city you 're in .
i 'm 2mi south of manslaughter and do n't have any problems .
i 'm looking for a quote to post but there are many so good this is one of the best reviews they ever published .
this is truly an apology to lana and this is perfect .
please feel free to share the link/info with friends and groups who would find tildamail useful .
we would love to get feedback when we start letting people in from the waitlist .
the more you share your personalized referral link the higher up in line you move up .
our focus is to give people back control security and privacy over their own data and messaging .
oh fuck one has to have at least a horny distraction for that
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
god the umbrella movement is such a good name .
if you have this much uranium it would be easier and more efficient to use it in nuclear reactors .
nylabones i supervise these because they get too small over time and can be swallowed bully sticks antlers felt rope toys and my dogs like to kill stuffies so i just pick up the stuffing and they like to carry around the floppy body .
cuz balls are also fun but a bit annoying cause they squeak loud .
also jolly balls are fun but kind of an outside toy .
i get super cheap tennis balls cause my dog likes to skin them .
we have a basket and they go select what they want most of the time .
the bully sticks and nylabones i give and take away they are special so if they really need to be distracted i give this for a limited time .
antlers should only be given after 1 year of age .
also if you send say a combat specialist on a trade mission and it 's successful it 's trade stats will increase . ''
frigates gain stat points only when they level-up ... and they always gain 6 stat points .
2 stats will increase by 2 points and 2 others will increase by 1 point .
after witcher 3 i 'd trust them to design my own children .
i need someone to write this story from the perspective of the danger noodle please
christ i want to just reach through the screen and adopt that mofo .
now 's the day and now 's the hour .
just because there is room does n't mean you should take it .
might be off the topic but which split keyboard is this ?
i always want one with both esc and tilde also around 6x keys
i personally run this kinda of set up and besides the occasional issue where the 144 hz monitor resets itself to 60 i 've never had an issue .
its really nice to have multi monitor set up in this case .
how does it compare to tofu in terms of ease of preparation/cost/fillingness ?
on spin the bottle delivering pizza conception all the mini-games .
cop told us to go to court for possible reduction and prosecutor said they could n't do anything because i was a minor so we just paid the fine .
in a meta sense now that the show has ended the world does n't need them anymore nor anything for that matter thus they 're likely in the void .
camille fiora yasuo and riven are all very well done
sundar and evelyn too but they have the same voice actor so i listed them separately .
he ca n't win for the rest of eternity ... he gets built all the way till wm and then they build finn in the process we get what will undoubtedly be an awesome mind gamey build up and a great feud .
the one loss to finn does n't magically erase all the build he gets from the wins he 's going to get between now and then especially not since he 'll be losing to the demon which in kayfabe is in a class of his own so far .
bray is n't just going to win for years straight and if there 's anyone he can lose to without it hurting him it 's the demon .
never played darksiders 1 or 2 so totally have no interest in 3 .
but arkham knight is one i 'm looking forward to having played the first two installments .
it was always something i wanted to pick up but put off at the back of my mind cause of a newer title that 's available .
that does n't change the fact that jews got and still receive reparations ...
who cites the holocaust and is n't jewish.. what a weird argument ... . especially in the context of reparations .
my family went through shit as well and we did n't get anything '' therefore neither should african slaves and because this country is morally bankrupt neither should their ancestors .
edit it was n't only jews who received reparations .
thrift store yarn is fine to give away as blankets just ways them before you gift them or donate them
that sounds a lot actually but good to know i 'm not forced to something that might feel unnatural .
cliff needed beer to cool his mouth and stomach from all the pepper .
i think technically wawrinka 's version against djokovic was most impressive as he literally had to thread the ball with backhand between the net and the box .
i always have this wet dream about what happens to us if we simply switched nasa 's budget with the us military budget .
it would be more appropriate for the cashier to ask in a situation where she is unsure rather than leave it up in the air .
it sounds like the customer may have assumed that she had to bag her own groceries when op did n't start putting items in the bag she set up .
the customer should have said something sooner if she was annoyed but the lemons may have just been her breaking point .
i would say nta but for better customer service op should ask do you prefer to pack your own bag or would you like me to do it ? ''
or some people prefer to back their own bags so please let me know if you do n't want me to do it . ''
both of you look amazing in this i 'd love if you two used my mouth for clean up
order your drink and appetizer eat it then start a new order and pick your drink and main course .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
hi you said you do n't do chat did you mean no pms as well ?
we use the baking powder white vinegar method most of the time when needing to clean floor tile grout .
if it really gets mucky good old bleach will probably do it though never tried that with baking powder .
realmente não seria fácil pro holán caso ele viesse mas a falta de opção de técnicos ofensivos no mercado nacional é que dificulta .
se o palmeiras conseguisse tirar o sampaoli do santos ou o tiago nunes do aflético por exemplo eu acho que seriam contratações melhores do que o holán .
diniz e dorival acho que tão muito em baixa no mercado pra assumirem nesse momento também consigo imaginar a torcida perdendo a paciência muito rapidamente com esses nomes .
i thought you could n't see color with night vision goggles ?
you 're either a bad liar or a schizophrenic .
i 'm at a total loss with my derby name .
little about me my first name is christine and i 'm an audiologist hearing and balance doctor .
i 'm into knitting beer whiskey ceramics conspiracy theories gardening .
i 've been playing around with different audiology related names but nothing i really like so far .
we have become so accostomed to telling women to beg men to be better .
that somehow we just need to reach all men and it 'll change .
give the ladies the power to defend their life liberty .
train get armed ladies and let rapists be the ones who live in fear !
i am getting major american psycho vibes from jpj .
i made another appointment to have what i hope will be a similar outcome .
i 've heard a few people say they wished they 'd cut out the middle man since they got more gigs doing directly to the schools than through an agent and/or naca especially since that route can get pricey .
i 'm not sure if this counts as being a risk but not being extensible .
adding a new weapon enemy piece of interactive terrain should never be difficult .
if the marketing team says that dragons are in but say it 95 of the way through the project it still should n't be hard to implement a dragon .
if you 're 100 of the way through a project the customer loves it and they want more you need to find a way to add new content .
how extensible your code is may make these things impossible or prohibitively difficult .
most of the time this is avoidable through good code but sometimes there is something that interacts with too many things that work on their own and either it should have been added in the beginning or the timeline has to be pushed back .
this tank was part of the 2nd belorussian front and was first to enter the city
if you had read the article instead of the clickbait headline it 's not mere picky eating .
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that any unserious content in this thread will be met with infraction point s https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_point_system.3a .
if your comment does not contribute to the discussion in a serious manner it will be removed .
please report any comments that do not respect this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's one thing to have something close ... your design is nearly identical aside from color scheme and a few add on 's they have in other designs .
obviously you can do whatever you like with it but i would be worried about backlash from the original artist by selling something so similar .
like the skull the crystal arrangement the flowers the tilt to the dice ... it 's just too close to reproduce and not expect them to ask you to take it down .
but if they did they would be well within their legal rights to do so .
your art is beautiful and well done but it bears a striking resemblance to another persons art that may not like you selling something so close to their style . ''
i 'm all for competition in the markets but people really need to up their game on naming and branding imo .
the name dissentwatch '' is automatically divisive in nature .
they are probably a few hundred if not thousand of years ahead of us in regards to the human psyche .
when it 's dark as fuck and snowing super hard and i 've got maybe 15-20 feet of visibility i do not care that the speed limit is 55 i 'm not driving that fast .
man civil war had so much hype by the time i saw it i was super let down .
people absolutely love it but i was really just bored most of the time🤷🏿‍♀️ i would have liked it more if it was an hour shorter
some people refuse to believe cilantro tastes like shit to others .
the literal start of the sentence is she is not dumb '' but whatever haha
we have used bittitans migrationwiz for all of our recent migrations .
there is at least one almost-40 woman who popped her head up during some recent state-of-the-sub post .
but she does n't appear to comment here so allow me to adjust my crown with my talons .
every time i see a chicken sandwich i think of all the times chic fil a employees have harassed lgbt people .
you 're an ah because you are caring more about what others think .
yes bf/fiancé lied but you 're motivation on why you 're so upset is image .
it appears he wanted to save face in front of your family and he obviously cares very much what they think .
presumably that could reflect on how important their opinions are to you .
your cousin is also an ah for being judgey and sticking his nose where it does n't belong .
some non authentic rings are beautiful creations regardless of precious stones or how many karats they are .
your cousin could have remained ambiguous and appreciate the beauty of the ring and just been plain happy for you .
i 'm not saying bf/fiancé is completely innocent but something made him insecure about it that he felt the best option was to lie to you and your family about it because he was so afraid of the backlash .
not excusing his part on that but why is it such a sore spot for him to feel insecure about it ?
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
best part is they did n't even consider his side of the story
pikachu was the second ever shiny released during pikachu outbreak .
are you sure pichu was in the game before then ?
you ca n't watch that 360 and possibly think that 's just a fwd with the handbrake up ...
if this is your biggest fear maybe you should move to australia .
the shoes do n't go with the dress but they were probably barely seen anyway until she changed into the shorts .
and really if you ca n't wear the shoes you want on your wedding day when can ya ?
i was using 220 on the nozzle and 135 on the bed probably lower at the surface b/c pei and paper layer
i actually had the same questions and turned to reddit as well .
i think its just a pretty good cooler and distributors are just waiting on noctua to make more .
also if you head to https noctua.at/en/products/cpu-cooler-retail/nh-u12a https noctua.at/en/products/cpu-cooler-retail/nh-u12a and check out the where to buy '' section you may be lucky enough to order you one from a different site .
but if the observable will die shortly after it is n't really a memory leak though .
i think everyone 's forgetting the fact that she 's also a murder .
i mean she helped kill jason todd who was still just a kid !
my rule has been no blunt or joints in the house bongs with a smoke buddy and concentrates with out anything if i had a real strong air filter i would use them all in the house but for now i would say blunts and joints have to be outta the house
shear stress and bending stress are better in nails ... screws are better for non structural applications .
she put a green cover over them so they blend in to the background when they edited the picture .
i 'm coming over next week to eat all of the ice cream
it happens because your low level very low armour rating and low hp and theres a small physics bug that happens with the overhead attack animation .
once you get to around 200hp and have dwemer armour it you no longer get one shotted .
nintendo is the only console that i 'll ever own .
wish there was something real wish there was something true
i got toxoplasmosis in my eye from an indoor cat .
do n't even know who this person is but yeah guess you are a braindead imbecile
at least it seems like it 's an alternative to using candy instead of a requirement ...
well yah i 'll fuckin kick schools ass i 'm not saying it 'll be pleasant but ya
i 'm pretty sure you 're talking exclusively out of your rear at this point
i have n't i 'll have to try that next
fun fact if you press nothing during the torture scene your health stays full the entire time
people downvoting me feel free to check it for yourself instead of thinking i 'm wrong .
evangelicals are probably the plurality of trumps base and they 're often at the forefront of trying to mitigate his moral disasters immediately sacrificing any value for the things they claim they believe in for a political win .
a lot of these fall under the evangelical category but a lot of them do n't .
this also happens to be the group that supplies the overwhelmingly disproportionate amount of racists which uniformly support trump .
i mean i 've seen pictures of qanon meetups and they look like fire sales for rascal scooters but you know what ?
that 's pretty much already covered by the evangelicals because all of these whackadoos are hardcore creationists .
my statement does n't apply to the elderly and the non-racist non-evangelical non-gun activist non-islamaphobic non-climate change denying white republicans .
i ca n't figure out if this thread is full of cat haters or facebook mommy pseudoscientists lol .
people are willfully misunderstanding what congenital infections are or what being immunocompromised means .
the episodes always feel short somehow even though it 's standard tv length .
i 'm not really intrigued by the characters ' problems either .
btw give succession a try if you want nyc rich people drama .
it 's dark comedy adam mckay of vice and the big short is an executive producer .
its all good whenever you can just send me a ! essage
while you might not agree with them and hurt by their decision they were standing up for what they believed and if you ca n't do that you 're nothing .
just as you two made your choice to stand up for yourselves they did too and there is nothing shameful in that .
this is coming from a guy who personally does like loma 's style but thinks he 's sometimes too hyped up do n't think i 'm being a jerk please .
i think people as well as i see others overhype loma as a fighter he 's a great fighter he really is .
but i do n't think he should be in the discussion as a goat or even up there .
and that really is n't his fault he was born at the wrong time for boxing .
i like his style and his dominant way of beating down opponents but in the back of my head i 'm like huh the other guy is n't even putting up a fight and personally instead of being impressed when a loma opponent quits i think it 's more because the opponent is showing cowardice and lack of ability ca n't blame him tho .
i think loma is the best lw of this era but he 's more of a numbers names fighter .
yeah there are good fighters this era but i feel most of the others are unable to answer to any adversity .
and please do n't hate me but i think his record is a bit underwhelming .
i think there 's also a small portion of those who do n't like eastern-european fighters too .
overall i like the guy but his fanbase overhypes most of the things he does and he 's so dominant his opponents look like they should n't belong in any ring let alone one with him .
it 's a great trailer glad you had fun !
i was so hyped by the time i heard how good your name 2 years ago and i was extremely disappointed because it does not meet the drama i am expecting on this movie .
i have yet to watch the new film but i am diving into it without riding the hype of the people who have watched it .
that was last night ... the excitement came at 4 am in the form of a thunderstorm
as for the spa night my hands and feet desperately need to be treated ...
i gave myself a pedicure and had picked out a new new polish .
i also bought the baby foot facial thing i always hear people talk about .
and i also bought the aveeno hand mask i found at target highly recommend it !
i also did my olaplex hair mask and took a nice bubble bath .
unfortuatnely i could n't do much with my skincare for pampering .
i have been on rx retina for only a few months so i 'm kind of bare bones with my facial routine for now .
but my body sure does feel soft and plump after all that !
forcing any vehicle to the redline and braking can help with landings cause car gyro .
not even voldemort would descend to this level of darkness .
the first two weeks of abstinence was easy no symptoms at all .
panic attack while showering and unceasing sense of doom and anxiety for weeks that only tapered in week eight .
the insomnia was the same it was terrible in weeks three and four and only really got better in week eight as well .
after ten weeks my symptoms literally vanished i did have some vivid dreams 10 hours of heavy sleep faint anxiety that quickly dissipates after week ten .
in a 2017 report tsa missed about 80 of obvious contrabands weapons and explosives not nail-cutters according to its own undercover inspectors .
this was an improvement from a 95 miss rate in 2015 but the trend demonstrates that tsa screening is nothing more than security theater .
in any case i remember going to the gates when i was a kid to welcome arrivals and bid farewells so i can understand why the dude wanted to walk up to the gate to send his wife off especially as he has the money .
oh really i did n't noticed with how he 's yelling and cussing lol .
i 've been binge watching the show and trying to catch up .
honestly please tell me i am not the only person who found flaws in change your mind especially how it ended ?
walk one guy and the next guy is just as dangerous .
nah i think it was actually a lot more about infantry since cavalry charges were very infrequent and the main ones using them were also the ones with the pikes .
you need to expose the sill plate so you can see how the water is a getting there and b how to flash it so that the water can not penetrate into the interior .
automod the following is a copy of the above post .
this comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
my m30 father-in-law m60 is planning on running for public office and i am not comfortable supporting him due to political differences .
where i live individual local representatives have no power and must support the party line .
the party he plans on running for is economically conservative and indifferent on socio-cultural issues .
me i am economically socialist and socio-culturally conservative i know this is odd please do n't ask me to justify it i 'm not here to debate politics .
economic issues matter more to me and since the party is economically conservative i am in good conscious unable to support such a party especially since they just do lip service on socio-cultural issues and do n't actually act on them
my wife f28 who is centrist on both counts says that i am not being a team player '' or a good family member ' and that is my obligation '' to support her father .
but i am not comfortable supporting a party whom i have fundamental policy differences with .
for context my father-in-law only recently started being interested in running for political office .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
seriously though that elegant and flowing style fits you very well .
he really has zero reason to keep responding to you so if he does then great .
his lawyer paid two women who were trying to extort him for money
can you provide evidence that he was being extorted ?
the mist pillar can still be related to up1 .
maybe up1 had a child before becoming a demon and that led to the mist pillar .
it 's not a self-inflicted consequence it 's a booby trap .
it 's why we ca n't put fucking flamethrowers on our cars to deter car thieves or even razor blades/spikes under the handles .
saying it 's self inflicted is like saying a person tripping a claymore is self inflicted .
and no saying they become a victim after consuming a booby trapped beverage is n't defending them it 's stating a truth .
corey davis as my wr2 in a 14 team .
he always is recording/taking photos of the trails to then upload them for others to enjoy .
the camera he uses is one like you describe with a long tube coming out of his backpack and typically has to change batteries mid hike .
reminds me of samuel l. jackson 's phones in kingsman the secret service .
i got to say on the one hand i 'm happy that bojo is losing his mojo but i really wish the lib-dems would would actually listen to the social liberals within the party as opposed to the classical liberals .
so when the conservatives start joining the party i 'm worried it 's going to keep the lib-dems as the nick clegg style conservatives light .
i think you mean rivendell unless you 've been reading some weird archie comics/lotr slashfic
just be sure not to pull a r/wallstreetbets and yolo all your cash away .
there 's a fine line between gambling and stock trading
i had to cancel one pickup because i could n't find a spot in a reasonable distance .
drop offs a few i had to ask the customer to come outside because of no parking .
all of them understood and were reasonable people except for one guy that gave me a thumbs down afterwards .
i think it was his laundry day because he came out with kinda short shorts ... he probably did n't want to be seen outside like that and got annoyed lol .
i was halfway blocking a driveway and was not about to leave my car like that .
it 's still an update that says that there is no update .
i 've been using winrar for at least 5 years this file wo n't go into winrar it 's some single file i do n't know what to do with it i 'm gon na reinstall winrar or something
also would n't kids be better at using winrar and other technical stuff lol
i do n't think this is a question you can just google .
it 's going to be hard to get the truth with this kinda question .
we can only just speculate ... here at least .
maybe there are good sources out there i do n't know .
knowing when you go home you have a roof over your head and it 's not figuratively a box .
i 'm not sure of the psychology of cultures in the past that had martial law but odds all the police are actually just idealists and care deeply for the cause seems silly to me .
i have the action hero two shot with faster reload and ffr
dude straight up admitted on r/comedyhitmen that he did it for ez karma .
years ago i was out in nh when it was about 60 degrees and there were people out running in shorts motorcycling etc and the locals were like oh yea !
your comments about newer generation of people not being able to play pool would be true since peak pool/billiards around the turn of the 20th century .
just the distraction minecraft in your example would be different .
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
no identifying information censor all screen-names and real names including your own !
there is a good chance this has been here before .
if you feel this was done in error or would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the mods .
if you want your comment to count toward judgment include only one of the following abbreviations in your comment .
if you do n't include a judgement abbreviation the bot will ignore you when it looks for the top voted comment .
you 're the asshole the other party is not yta
you 're not the a-hole the other party is nta
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i support it but i know it 'll play like ass with joycons .
should be noted that in this specific story i believe bruce has amnesia and is by all technical purposes not his normal self .
i wish affleck hung around but this depiction of bruce wayne in the comics is arguably not a solid representation of bruce as he 's sort of another version of himself .
under easy and sunny side up mean the same thing .
if scheer is this weak on such a soft ball it 's going to be a rough campaign for him .
this should 've just been a full throated denial followed by heaping scorn on the liberals for thinking they could make political hay out of this .
as it is the cows look like they 'll be pretty well fed this winter ...
follow the advice of nancy pearl one of the most famousest of librarians known to humankind .
read 50 pages if you do n't like it then drop it .
if you only care about the ending then skip to the end and find out who dun it '' if you are over the age of 50 then subtract your age from 100 and read that number of pages .
if you are 100 or older you are allowed to judge a book by its cover .
honey moons is not a popular cereal here in germany .
reibekuchen name differs from region to region frikadellen name differs klösse .
i keep panicking because i keep seeing my dresses like mine which was super unique a year ago popping up everywhere .
no one attending my wedding belongs to a billion wedding groups though .
also in the future when people look at pictures from the wedding they 're really not going to know how common your color theme is .
need to ad r/photography to get pictures of your gear from all the other expensive hobbies .
yes even an apple wall adapter can break a pen because the pen ca n't handle the amount of power that it is being supplied .
i 've only had a charger break but to be careful i use an android wall adapter .
update called hulu support and they said it 's a known issue and they are working on a fix .
for a second i thought this was a non-spoiler thread .
fair point but the question was how many drinks not level of drunk .
malory may not drink as fast as lahey and archer but could have totalled more drinks in her life than them both ?
i guess it would depend on how you measure a drink too .
is lahey or archer downing a bottle a drink or several ?
also archer wastes a whole bottle of glengoolie blue from frank sinatra so would then be considered as losing drinks ?
zhang is in a thin division and staying active and winning .
khabib is in a stacked division with crazy injuries and delayed fights galore .
probably because op would n't like to see the result of their father 's extramarital affair that led to their parents divorce or the homewrecker of a mistress either .
also given the age difference she has no obligation as an adult .
sure it would be nice to be a sister to the kid but there is absolutely no obligation .
also curious as to your occupation that makes you so knowledgeable in the world of entrepreneurship .
i 'd like to stream more dffoo content but rather than play i 'd rather talk about the game and interact with viewers .
not sure how that would end up looking like though .
currently i have videos of cosmos clears on youtube but that 's not really different than what 's already out there
it 's not whether i attend it 's the mere fact that i could .
of course you can just buy one share of common stock .
that entitles you to show up and vote just like you can at a credit union .
you do n't even have to be a boa customer .
naturally you will be ignored at both board meetings since neither the average boa shareholder nor an average checking account cu person has any real influence .
but if you think your cu board gaf about the average shareholder whatever .
well if he was n't gutting fema to pay for border detentions and his nonexistant wall i 'd agree
that may be true sir but at least i know the proper use of grammar ... mmpff sob ... at least i know the proper use of grammar !
i feel svitolina will lose in the semi final like wimbledon and serena will win the title
pretty sure the artist is kawasemi27 https twitter.com/kawasemi27 but they 've deleted the tweet .
26/40 311 yards is a 65 completion for 7.775 yards per attempt
26/31 336 yards is a 83.87 completion for 10.84 yards per attempt
as if sensing my presence he let out a great bellow .
the order of things btw do you know that is it possible to get to know what i exactly said that got me chat banned ?
i see them once every 2-3 games or so .
man it 's hard to move on ... we were talking today and i asked i want to be together and she me too but let 's see ... it 's also my fault i was dick to her but i also treated her good .
i told her i 'm changed and i want to show her this new me .
i 'm convinced that his career would have been different if the grass in fedex field was n't garbage .
i 've said this before it merely depends on what the logo is on what country the part was produced in etc .
lots of molded plastic parts like sensors sometimes original calipers spare tire rims or jacks do n't have the loop probably due to casting or stamping issues .
the further back you go to like late 70s and early 80s cars the more you 'll see .
just find a well preserved ford and you 'll see no less than a dozen no loop fs on a variety of parts .
ok tag me in i have a ring i 'll wear with the rabbit on it so you wo n't miss that clit stim ... .
my situation is i 'm running a game for a bunch of kids who are playing for the first time for some of them .
i think the cool factor far outweighs the easy factor pus since the one real fighter type makes some questionable decisions maybe the sword can keep her on a righteous path .
from 10.5 million to 13.5 million in about 25 years !
that 's because you select pay by cash and not pay by card .
and a trans athlete competing in female sports even if they were born a male ?
that does not seem fair to all the female athletes born female .
you can train your entire life to compete just to be bypassed by a trans person who has male biology .
if men and women were physically equal there would n't need to be men and women 's leagues .
how does guaranteed vs non-guaranteed money affect the cap ?
i was under the impression that if jerry wanted to he could give zeke the deal he wants which is guaranteed-money-heavy and it would be no more of a cap hit than what they 've already offered which is not guaranteed-money-heavy
so ... . you gon na answer the question or not ?
a guild i was in in legion had to change their guild name .
it was jfk was pvp flagged. but they changed it to jesus had a soulstone .
i 'd also guess pure speculation on my part that access to a firearm is a game changer in situations like this .
i was given a knife for my 8th or 9th birthday first time ever handling one saw lots of cartoons and movies though .
i nearly sliced my fingertip off that day got lucky and only needed a few stitches .
i 've gotten scars as an adult from weirder shit just never anything so negligent as that .
that curvy body full hair and amazing brown eyes !
the best spells for those schools depend on your level and situation .
familiar sucks but if you 're level one trying to get away from some wolves then it 's perfectly fine .
frost atronach does n't do a lot of damage but it 's an excellent tank .
the basic flames spell si weak but used properly you can take down the frost troll on the mountain with it .
but you will want to upgrade when you get the magicka for it .
alright you seem to be caught up on this assumption that i 'm a gun nut so i suppose this conversation wont go very far .
biochem was such a rewarding class for this reason !
i agree though dropping the blue line to 35,000 does n't change much aside from clarifying the initial data points where 480k and 35k seem equal .
theres no salt its been pretty much valid critiques and fears .
and with bungies incredibly unreliable track record its very fair
i have 2 daughters i 'm white mom is not .
i 've told both my kids get an adult .
if an adult wo n't do anything then handle it .
call me i 'll deal with the school and parents but do n't think you ever have to let anyone mistreat you for being a woman or not 100 white .
one is a black belt the other tough as nails .
i am not worried about them getting hurt they 'll handle themselves .
props to op 's son for protecting his friend when those in charge wo n't do their job .
and shame on the dad for not backing up his son 's integrity .
if the chick fil a drive through line has run out into the road and you still get in it you are part of the problem .
agreed only 3 episodes of hc6 and it 's already so good !
i do n't know what 's with his voice but i just love how soothing it sounds to hear
i feel like this applies to most things but fake it until you make it .
that said i ask for feedback from my players in-between sessions .
what did you like about the last session what did you not like .
do you have any secret wishes for your character ?
you 're building a cooperative epic story together so for you all to grow you need to communicate .
god i really hate when people pull the self depreciation shtick ca n't imagine doing it on live tv
in preschool i had goldfish in my hand chasing my dog around the kitchen table with socks on .
after a few laps i went full speed in the corner slipped on the floor and fell into the large pantry cabinet we had .
the side of my head slid halfway down the wooden edge .
needless to say my ear was sliced and you could wiggle the 2 sides back and forth .
usually except for all of those times i 've seen videos https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=opx1xybynog of container ships losing loads of containers off the side during a storm .
yta you 're jealous he 's hanging out with another girl which is fine but trust your boyfriend .
lovely little bug man she looks great i 'm not at the stage where i am prepared to give a car paint job a shot yet .
those yt tutorials are a god send but do n't you hate how they make it look so simple and you go ok let 's have a crack at this !
if only yt was around when we were young and we had the experience these kids have these days huh d
stormcast and nurgle are about equally good in my opinion and shooty stormcast are n't even that good .
sandra spends the whole game talking about wanting russell out .
given the chance on a revote i think she would take the opportunity to do so .
someone with bigger tittys a cleaner anus tighter vagina and does n't stop blowing you even when you are cumming .
just remember that a fascist started lifting today too and you have to be stronger than them .
joey on waves or cole on false prophets i vote joey
kayfabe wise austin could actually be intoning the fiend and have it be a huge rub for bray .
it would be using austin to put someone over in a way that austin has n't really done before .
austin fearing the fiend or at-least concerned with would be great imo
they missed battewake which releases on psvr and pc vr next week .
yes you 're correct when doctors or science can not explain it it is placed under the catergory of mental disorders .
i 've seen the effects of a person being possessed and to the western doctors they would assume the person has a mental disorder where as in other parts of the world they would instantly recognise possession .
i knew a guy who was possessed by a jin his mind regressed into a childlike state he saw things that none of us could see but we knew he was telling the truth
i was hoping i could maybe implement this myself someday .
i am not worried about using it wrong though i know where my notes are .
and thought maybe something like this could pick up the pace .
someone else should try it i do n't even want to .
i just want to know if it might help .
this came in so handy when i was building my pc this summer .
it 's always nice to knock off 100 from whatever you 're building .
using s1 has a 30 chance of procing s2 so total expected value of s1 damage is 3.9 5.5 0.3 5.55
and on top of that less s2 means more s3 's which is where the big damage is .
i do n't think i 'd count prison staff as members of the general public .
it 's a job that gives you nearly unlimited power over others and the ability to enforce that authority through violence so it attracts people who want to hurt others .
well ... hard to explain ... let 's say it feels as if you had a connection with something ... well that 's why ... i like his lore his gameplay the quotes basically everything the only thing i dislike are the people that ships him or him being shipped yes i 'm looking to you morgana and lux ...
also in gameplay you 'll probably never get bored or you 'll have a long time to get bored of him because of his outplay potential and the fun he provides like no other champion while also allowing you to 2v1 with the proper items/ults ...
book review/comedy terrible book club episode 66 contra alliance shadows of the past book one by tom kolega patron 's choice https terriblebookclub.com/episodes/episode-66-contra-alliance-shadows-of-the-past-s1 ! c776d
chris and paris become blind date and merlot to fight a terrible book from another galaxy in episode 66 !
this one made us feel like we were reading a knock-off g.i .
our ultimate judgment is that this should 've been pitched to the asylum rather than being published in book form.🦹‍🦅🗡⚖️🇺🇸
we 've also got some falafel talk unsettling questions about eagles and we announce potential options for the next book .
our patron jensina chose this book as their once-per-year reward !
check out our patreon https www.patreon.com/terriblebookclub to get this and other rewards for yourself .
what were the other issues if you do n't mind me asking ?
if it is n't reducing in a day or two or seems very severe call your doctor .
please do n't get paladin mount and buy one instead
i disagree strongly with this running longer at a slower pace is one of the best ways to improve endurance .
if op 's goal includes increased speed then sure they should include some faster/shorter runs alongside the long/slow ones but saying that op should avoid running for 40 minutes because he should n't be able to '' is ridiculous .
sorry man ... was a crazy night you should of been there
that 's why those chumps in iowa city wo n't play them anymore .
i caught this gif from the end because i scrolled too fast and just saw red coming off his face in chunks and was like oh fuck till it looped back to the ketchup bottle
i 'm fairly biased but last tuesday 's geoguessr was incredibly wholesome entertaining and lore-rich i highly recommend giving it a shot .
he played the vancouver-map a bunch of times so that should be interesting for you !
you can learn entire computer science off the internet that too from mit does n't make the degree itself worthless .
today there are hardly any subjects you can not study online by yourself does not make all universities worthless
roots that do not grow outwards away from the tree and instead curl back or run perpendicular/circular and close to the stem the chances are exponentially greater that they eventually become girdling roots .
as the tree and the roots grow in girth the tree will in effect strangle itself https extension.umd.edu/hgic/topics/girdling-roots .
the great thing about this compared to the traditional services ... you can cancel and if next week you regret the decision and wish you still had the service ... just go to the website and sign back up .
it is n't like cable where you will get hit with an extra 100 install fee or something .
the scar is only really noticeable if i stretch my eyebrows most people dont unless i point it out .
when i was young around 8ish memory isnt very clear it was my birthday party we had cake all that was left was to just talk with friends and stuff .
i ran out the front door with a plate of cake on my hand tripped over something i think it was a brick and split my head open they called the ambulance and 8 year old me thought he was gon na die .
when we got to the hospital i got stitches and i dont remember amything else .
in a zone control mode where assaulting points is key i 'm creating sons and daughters out here with that gun .
because you signed thirty to true the if will always trigger because it 's true .
i got hit with a shower head right into the forehead it 's prominent even today which is a shame .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
if your post is a template put it somewhere else !
all memes that need captions must have the caption in the image not the title .
if you have any questions you can message the mod team here http contact.dankmemesreddit.com replies to this removal comment may not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
did they take actionable steps with the full knowledge of the risks and responsibilities associated aka pregnancy and childbirth ?
if you 're going to have a serious conversation drop this shit or i 'm not responding anymore .
if you think these kinds of statements are in any way reasonable then it 's clear you 're not worth talking to .
edit i thought everyone liked antifa and that they were local heroes ?
time played is in the top right of that same stats screen .
or you can see it from manage saves on the initial title menu .
i 'd rather have the equipment setup of rgo than the first rebel galaxy .
increasing numbers for the sake of feeling progression '' was silly and grindy .
i hated going from mk1 to mk6 gear in rg .
to me the fun of rgo does n't come from gear but from the moment-to-moment enjoyment of combat regardless of what guns are used .
it might just be surging try either slowly turning the throttle to the full 180 or turning up your derivative gain
i had to show her i 'd changed my name on as many documents as possible for me it was my bank cards driving license and various loyalty cards .
my passport was still in my old name because it was expiring soon anyway and she understood that .
and i think she was expecting me to be mostly out socially so i 'd have a support network in place for when i began medically transitioning .
bring it out in a brimstone altar deck and you can sac it for 2 damage and pull out the dragon right away .
the problem with melee being melee range only is that casters will clear maps way faster than anything melee .
what needs to happen is that damage should be based on radius from the user .
as damage travels farther the damage becomes less and less .
melee should get a bonus with in their hit box distance adversely comparable to the range degradation .
this will even the playing field for ranged and melee .
melee get a bonus for close combat ranged see less degradation in their ranged abilities .
this also makes it so melee have less top end damage on ranged targets than ranged do and more damage close quarters combat .
it all comes down to one simple fact we ignore the deaths of certain people because of who they are and it is also politically inconvenient how rampant such violence is in a decidedly blue city .
would they be considered illagers and be attacked by iron golems ?
on a more serious note i 'm sorry you have to deal with this .
another ignorant comment which completely glosses over my point .
the thing is it would be better if more budget went towards those games to enhance their quality more memory for longer more expansive and complete games better visuals better sound higher production values etc rather than just pissing it all on one genre of games but you 'll probably just ignore this comment like always and once again tell me im just a graphics/budget whore for talking about this issue .
do you believe you 'll lose by more or less than 30 ?
wasted years lets me gather useful items and go back to previous areas to unlock more i really do n't know how else to describe super metroid hahahaha .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
if you 're human and reading this you can help by reporting or banning u/the-worst-bot .
i will be turned off when this stupidity ends thank you for your patience in dealing with this spam .
ps have a good quip or quote you want repeatedly hurled at this dumb robot ?
pm it to me and it might get added !
you could return the 3600 and get a 2700x .
dont hate me but ive worked night shift and parking in a parent and a child space at 9pm does not really feel like a crime to be .
nothing to see here just filling holes in creampie creations
too many of anything is usually solved or at least helped by making it open season on them .
fwiw stilt homes like yours survived katrina 's saltwater inundation here in mississippi only to collapse later due to corrosion of metal fasteners used to join floor joists to treated-wood pilings or even concrete pilings .
you will have more immediate problems to deal with in the coming days and weeks but tend to any kind of metal fasteners beneath your home exposed to saltwater — sooner than later .
to get the taste of squirrel out of his mouth .
for me not having tpp to see a reaction breaks my immersion .
i can feel my own face but i certainly can not feel v 's .
on that note i personally do n't play games to be me .
cdpr even in fpp will be choosing some emotions for us regardless .
we still have limited response options and feedback from the sounds ex .
v may gasp in-game over a reaction when you 'd prefer your v to simply frown .
you might prefer the fpp while others like me just do n't .
it 's not that i do n't love this game or cdpr but i 'm certainly not excited for this much more fp .
i 've been noticing a difference in her appearance subconsciously but not realizing it was specific to her mouth .
her appearance has changed a lot since 1989 mostly for the better !
you mean the black unarmed teen without criminal history who was shot dead about a block from where he lived ?
i 'm surprised they 're not taking it as a cryptic message .
they dissect every dev tweet and will take it 50 different ways .
they rival top forensic teams with their video and photo analysis slkills .
i 'm super excited for this game but they are on another level .
why would you even say such a terrible thing !
idk why i just fucking h a t e it
i 'm sorry for my passion but i ca n't let you lie like that .
bernie is by far the most popular candidate among independents .
i understand it 's your opinion but it 's wrong .
i think warren is a great candidate and she 'd make a great president but you do n't need to make up lies like that .
almost all of her new followers are hillary supporters .
she can definitely steal a lot of votes from bootyjudge harris and biden but she does not appeal to independents like at all .
independents do n't like centrists which warren is slowly becoming .
they like out of the box candidates who do n't support the mainstream narrative .
warren is bernie-lite that is n't good enough for the large majority of them .
it 's basically pay to win with all the dlc it 's effortless but the base game is almost unplayable
why are you with someone who does n't trust you ?
he clearly has an issue if he thinks that four girlfriends have stolen from him and fights with you in public about it but refuses to do anything else about it .
lol i just watched that movie last night gets better every time
i mean ok fair enough i did n't explain myself properly in this one specific comment but the thing is if you look properly i quickly proceed to elaborate in our discussion with the whole dumb perspective '' thing and then you bring up the whole opinion thing .
the interesting thing is that you are still wrong about the misrepresentation thing .
that 's an error a lot of people fall for all the time .
not that i recommend it but that sounds like elephant hunting from vehicles when the elephant knows enough that it would need to destroy the vehicles for a chance at survival .
poor pcs do n't they realize that dual wielding and double attack are often traps that lower average damage output and leave a character vulnerable to counter attacks ?
now i know they have their uses especially double attack heavy weapons but it can be fun to poke at people who believe that getting an additional attack will boost damage output not realizing just how hard a 5 on all those attacks can be .
if we have a good enough defense to drag the 5 blind mice we call an oline to a few victories i will be thoroughly impressed
it could be an alt of course but afaik nobody credible said it would be female terry .
furthermore your left wing canadian cancer nationalism has no effect on me because i 'm from and currently in canada and know the cancerous ways of canadian left wing nationalism .
do not believe the promise of some nebulous retirement .
you need to find a job that is at least neutral or it will eat you up and spit you out and you 'll wonder where your life went .
find meaning in life where you can find it for you do n't expect some job or relationship to just give it you as a reward for working hard because you will not get what you are seeking that way .
what you mean they did a color 's patch and did n't include the most obvious idea ?
do n't get me wrong concrete is good but it feels like they stop short of great ideas so frequently .
i genuinely hope they do a critters update with regular bears and deer and otters and birds besides just parrots for some reason ?
idk i appreciate that mods do this but vanilla should
i 'm not sure that i 've ever had a nurse fantasy before but after seeing you i think they 're coming
this is just weak ass virtue signaling that some of us do to feel superior to others .
you 're clearly not religious and you seem to have a problem with jews who are .
check the g-d person 's history and you can see they post about football on saturday 's while they should by the words of the old testament be resting .
you do n't even know what time-zone they 're in so you do n't know whether they 're breaching shabbos .
pretty retarded that this guy gets partner because he has a blowup and sliker has been consistently streaming for a while and has more followers/viewers/subs than a lot of partners .
so you 're just gon na take keys in your bag ?
michigan fans are never safe from app state talk ... even in a nd/louisville game .
the thing is i do n't always complete even personal endeavors religiously .
so if i am logged in i want to do as much as i can .
that 's how i would feel if i ever go back to disney land .
they make you wear those in that kind of glass bridges
i get too much time off between jobs to justify it
bourne ultimatum norm of the north https www.reddit.com/r/uvtrade/comments/cxjmyw/offer_list_request_lists_marvel_4k_newer_4k ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share
summer elisse 2 i have n't even play fates i will i promise but i love her .
you made a mistake owned up to it before it got out of hand and have decided to move on with humility .
on the plus side it probably wo n't matter much in the long-run maybe to the self-appointed internet judge and jury .
just be thankful most people will either forgive you or simply do n't care enough either way .
i assume everyone on the internet is either a 13 year old boy in a damp basement or a 31 year old man pretending to be a 13 year old boy in order to entrap 13 year old boys in a damp basement .
i mean tinder has consistently proven me wrong but that is neither here nor there .
just watch the game ... in fact ... im going to start you with an 0-2 count .
its a rocket through the left side of the infield ! !
ever since bitcoin had an upgrade into bitcoin cash on 1st august 2017 i have been bullish for bitcoin cash 's long term future .
as follows are my personal opinions on why i feel bitcoin cash is the future of digital cash over the outdated btc .
better security – btc has a vulnerability called rbf which increases the risk of double spending .
bitcoin cash developers aim to make 0-confirmation transactions safe again so that anyone accepting bitcoin cash is much safer accepting payments without having to wait for multiple confirmations .
improved scalability – btc is limited to 1mb block size and even with segwit activated the capacity increase is only around 1.7x whereas the upgraded bitcoin cash blocks capacity is currently at 32x with no limitations .
this means bitcoin cash can handle paypal transactions volume today and be global money after a few more upgrades .
supply scarcity – during the fork from bitcoin some bitcoin cash supply were removed from active circulation due to users unable to claim their bitcoin cash from unsupported exchanges and wallets among other reasons .
this means each bitcoin cash is actually more scarce than btc .
improved confirmation times – due to the limited block size of btc some users were made to wait days for their transactions to be confirmed .
contrast this to bitcoin cash where transactions may be accepted immediately with less risk and you can see why it makes sense to use bitcoin cash .
in other words if you are a shop owner and you just sold a cup of coffee and some sandwiches and you accept the old btc you may have to wait hours for the transaction to be confirmed because the customer may use rbf to void the original payment .
low fees – one of the advantages of using cryptocurrencies over traditional payment methods is the low fees .
due to the limited block size of btc fees have exceeded over 70/transaction during peak period .
on the other hand i have never paid more than 1 penny/transaction during my entire time in using bitcoin cash .
this makes using bitcoin cash ideal for merchants businesses companies and everyday usage .
the industries that may be disrupted such as remittances payment gateways etc are worth trillions of dollars and bitcoin cash is well positioned for use cases in these industries .
tokens bitcoin cash has tokens to start taking some marketshare from ethereum .
you can get some free tokens by joining the discord chat at 1bch.com
better privacy bitcoin cash has better privacy than btc thanks to cashshuffle .
you can enable it through the setting in the electron cash wallet and it 's completely optional .
if you do n't want others to know how you spent your money it is better to use bitcoin cash over btc .
better risk/reward if btc gains another 250 billion marketcap it only 2x in price .
but that same 250 billion will 40x your bitcoin cash investments .
at the moment the old btc has network effects advantages just like how friendster used to dominate the social networking space .
since bitcoin cash was only out for 2 years it would remain to be seen how much time would be needed to play catch up .
it took facebook years to catch up to friendster 's dominance back then and it may take bitcoin cash just as long to achieve the same .
planes are n't flown with a mouse and a keyboard irl but we use it because it is a game first and foremost .
there needs to be a balance between user experience and realism .
am at school but will try when home thank you
yeah i chose cat as well because 1 i am a cat person and 2 he distinctly said he prefers cats .
it seemed like everyone 's answer was dog so i hope they fix it soon .
upvote this comment if the post is a cursed comment .
downvote this comment if it is not a cursed comment .
if this post needs moderator attention please report this post
i 'm a bot and this action was performed automatically .
if you have any questions please contact the moderators of this subreddit .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcursedcomments subject message=please include the action number for reference .
if you want to talk about the subreddit feel free to send us a message in our official discord server https discord.gg/aaudxtq !
i do n't think you need to worry about your tarantula burrowing or not .
i 'm not an expert but i had similar concerns when my rose hair was n't burrowing at all in her enclosure and i think that it 's just part of her personality .
as long as its eating properly and has access to the proper things i see no reason for concern .
why should growing up and minecraft exclude each other ?
i 'm not sure if this helps but my best friend has terrible social anxiety to the point where she does n't talk at school and has anxiety attacks before going to work .
i told her to try to start talking to more people and to remind herself that she 'll be okay .
if things go wrong she probably wo n't see them again after she leaves that school/job .
remember that you 'll be alright and that these women are people the same as you .
if you make a mistake people probably wo n't remember after a bit .
i 'll look into it 3 i have some gloves i made for a dragon mask .
this happened twice for my party that the dm has made us aware of .
and it was sort of my fault both times .
our second boss '' fight of the campaign was against an evil cleric/warlock and once he was rendered immobile my character executed him because he could still do magic and we do n't have a way to keep him from just zipping away . ''
the more immediate consequences of this execution ended up leading to a pc death and myself and one other pc becoming minions for the big bad for a bit not entirely voluntarily .
later on the party fought a pair of husband-and-wife duergar sorcerers and while we slew one the other was rendered incapacitated but bleeding out heavily .
while my character once again argued to quickly finish him off to prevent magical shenanigains he poofed away .
my character learned through a dream-vision that he did end up dying and his son swore vengance on the above-ground ... or something that plotline has n't ever come back up since .
coincidentally both of those characters my were legal but evil kings and so my character occasionally calls herself kingslayer '' when she wants to sound impressive .
it 's just like how all those closeted trans ladies hang out on the mgtow subs !
these are just the modern ways of doing so .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with higher '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how much karma you need or how old your account must be .
the threshold for post and comment karma is very low and will not take you long .
persistent ignoring of this message will result in you being muted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
at some point we are all the last human being on the planet so i guess i would be answering a question on r/askreddit
this post was below a post of a guy sucking another guy
ive been on it for a year and it just feels like it has way more side effects than fluoxetine which i was previously on
he has been convicted 3 times for rape the last victim being his own blood relative .
obviously the previous sentences were not successful on rehabilitating him not to rape people .
he is obviously a dangerous man to society and should be put down
he has a 3 hit passive you can proc with laning phase his e q auto functions very similar to wq auto with the main difference being passive damage is instant and you get ms. ekko can still roam effectively and safely albeit slightly less effectively in terms of how fast you can roam and where you can roam from but ekko has cc .
maxskeproductions is a high dia ekko streamer on na he 's the best i can think of that streams informative content in english .
this set 's theme is even more eye-roll inducing than i imagined .
i have n't seen any info regarding a lightning drakkon 40 bucks was an awesome pick up .
most of these drakkons are going for 150 on ebay .
wish i had known about this mobo when i was rebuilding recently .
they do n't have looping back when i was playing in february before i officially started actually playing it i still had no clue what to do or where to go .
because you do n't go to the store in the ghetto where this happens apparently .
i just realised that there 's primary students in this sub ... . ?
back in my day ... we were still using friendster and myspace ... shit .
hey so i 'm by no means someone who knows what he 's talking about .
that 'll help with your balance https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=py2brlbs4tg and general comfort .
it 's off road you wo n't have good traction .
3 learn how to go slow to go fast .
once you 've got balance and control down then you can add speed .
credentials https youtu.be/izizawivb3i ? t=230 that 's me was doing 70kph on that road once i really got going .
was probably doing 50kph ish during the slower parts .
that said i do have a dr650 with several power mods on a gravel road .
edit i do n't expect anyone to watch that whole video .
lord forgive me for what i 'm bout to do
dream no more is too slow for live play imo .
do n't crucify me for saying so but that and thingy in one show is just too much .
they 're great songs but they are n't very high energy in a live setting .
best of luck in your search for the chopping blade that fits your requirements the best .
sometimes i do it when my wife and i are having sex or i 'll kind of just whip it around in front of her before it gets hard .
idk why it makes me feel horny it just does and i do n't think it 's uncommon based on that .
is it just a meat head pun or is it a facial features thing ?
i ca n't wait for your reply to my other comment correcting you on your wrong information .
i look forward to it in two days when you think of a comeback .
honestly the visual clutter for most of the situation and abilities is n't really too bad .
most of the things you see in that video are n't really annoying while you play like the orisa bongo .
the only problem is ... fuck sym 's wall .
that thing makes literally any shiny thing on the screen 10x worse .
nunca entendo essas pessoas usando pesquisas do começo do período eleitoral pra falar que as pesquisas erram o tempo todo .
claro que sim mas com uma margem de erro .
não adianta pegar a pesquisa do começo da eleição e comparar com o resultado oficial de meses depois com toda a propaganda tendo sido feita e decisões mais embasadas '' tomadas não uma mera afinidade eleitoral .
the worst part epic exclusivity started like almoust 1 year ago and the store did n't even improve from then .
by how much money they are getting and they are n't even improvint the store for me is just even more dissapointing .
yes i agree i do not think it will be the album d but something is coming tomorrow and whatever it is i 'm excited !
my pc is too low powered to make eevee look great i use it for modeling because the real time render helps with that but it would n't render finer details like the emission light in the fired missile this render took 40 minutes and i just have a too limited supply of time to try and fix the background a plane with a texture on it
there is middle ground between no hair and a bush which gives you rug burns ... also in my experience it 's newer that rough dudes with just a bit of beard gives me rug burns down there way more often than full bearded dudes some trimming is nice for hygienic reasons but totally naked feels quite weird ... .
you 're so narcissistic you forgot that not everything revolves around you .
even if you dont play with randoms doesnt change the possibility .
but tbh try going to the outside so players can re position quickly and avoiding death .
it can cut the time you play by around 10 sec
hair can be mistyped when it gets too dry/damaged .
the more dried out the hair is the tighter it will look
best of the best an event where a lot of good units are available which should come late september .
and i think that bctw and bckr got a guaranteed botb so i do n't see why we would n't get one .
the 'oo ' is pronounced like the 'o ' from 'hope '
this is not true know someone from finland and they get treated like shit here .
most of them do n't even know if finland is in eu .
at least u got x7 multiplier for the event .
did n't see anything on the bbc about this so had a quick google .
south african riots kill five and spur cries of xenophobia
yes the 5.10.03 update is considered safe and fixes the back crush problems .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with higher '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how much karma you need or how old your account must be .
the threshold for post and comment karma is very low and will not take you long .
persistent ignoring of this message will result in you being muted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
having the liberal tories cross to the libdems along with the cuks is an interesting realignment three competitive parties the socialists the liberals and the nationalists .
there is a world of difference in political philosophy between the two .
liberalism is the base term for a set of political and moral philosophies that emphasize liberty equality under the law and consent of the governed .
the philosopher john locke expressed a lot of the ideas here and it was seen as an important direction of thought during the american revolutionary war who wanted liberty after all and an end to colonial control and the french revolution who wanted equality and an end to monarchs and nobles .
socialism is a different later philosophy based on the ideas of karl marx and frederich engels .
it emphasizes that following having lived in a liberal model with capitalism a separate thing here maybe life would be better if those producing the value workers owned the means of production and self-managed .
on top of that core set of ideas other things like communism democratic socialism social democratism see the nordic nations technocracy and socialist nationalism left-wing nationalists developed .
but liberals and socialists are pretty far apart even in the modern versions of both unless you are used to jargon terms used by tv and radio pundits who have not read philosophy or a following a script that wants to compare those two to conservatism as the other .
in many european countries politics are in a spectrum from far-left communists and others left democratic socialists center-left social democrats and left leaning liberals center left-leaning liberals center-right classical liberals and some conservatives right conservatives far-right nationalists and others .
the examples given here are based on what happens in my country of denmark and each country will have its own variations and truths here .
in lieu of a dehydrator is there a safe way to air dry or do i need to toss in the oven on low heat ?
it 's been in the low-mid 90s during the day .
like everything in modern feminism it is a lie .
hoo boy i ca n't wait for this one to get reposted 5 more times before tomorrow
i have 12 rules '' but have n't read it .
does it have anything that is contrary to catholic values or beliefs ?
i think mine is not available now cuz i 'm in science ?
having completed 115 i can tell you the difference is 70
i was n't anticipating much beyond updates to fall/winter/early spring games we already know about but looking at that there has to be some reveals .
yeah atlus did this with persona 5 too i hope it becomes a regular thing with them and others .
you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about .
i used to but it just seemed cumbersome after awhile so i switched to bobbins .
the real question why did n't gandalf take bilbo to destroy the ring 60 years earlier back when sauron was still gathering his power .
why waste all that time researching it when he could just destroy it and be done .
teclis needs to be moved to the other of the mountains and lokeir needed a to take over teclis ' fomer start
your submission https www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/czewi8 has been removed for our weekly threads listed in the sidebar .
to help reduce spam please repost your submission in the most recent what should i play wednesday '' thread https www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/search ? q=flair 3awsip 2bwednesday restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all or in the upcoming one on wednesday .
if you feel this was done in error or have any questions feel free to send us a mod mail http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23classicwow subject=submission+removal message=https www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/czewi8 .
if you want hitbox press f3 b do n't press ctrl
ah i do n't stand a chance he does n't even know me
fun fact the lottery makes more money than every other kind of entertainment combined
its really much better now my friend tell me the same .
buy if it is a big differents i will go to a friend
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with higher '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how much karma you need or how old your account must be .
the threshold for post and comment karma is very low and will not take you long .
persistent ignoring of this message will result in you being muted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i guess my post came off a little arrogantly .
i mean to say that he no one ever talks bout him based on performance alone .
i just happened to check his stream and noticed hes a god like many players his age !
this entire time he 's been under the impression that nigga is okay and the only problem is he ca n't help but add the hard r .
so i 'll avoid this bundle to avoid netting the warlock quest .
not him but i really doubt it 's even weightings .
i 'd expect weights to be in the hundreds with easily a couple thousand junk rings per single element .
herbo throwing it like he 's not sure if he 's left handed or not
yeah and the research is in san francisco has among the worst total jobs to housing ratios in the bay area and worst net new jobs to net new housing .
and it used to build a lot more multi family in the past too .
they did make it here on reddit though ... .
thats why i use clear the wrap looks a bit darker but still like a wrap looks really nice with the bronze/tan colored wraps .
she absolutely is one of the most selfish people i have seen .
any woman he gets with will have to learn to play second to her .
and when she 's gone he will curl up and die .
i do n't think it 's unreasonable to want people to not act like mongols
if your teacher used oli it 'd only cost 25 per course .
i fucking died at watching mooch still talk sports talk while squatting in sumo stance
used to run 2 stacked hence the support peeking out behind the monitor even though i took the extension out
yea i 've got gurley mack and jacobs ready to fill in for duty
something that does n't have a big time commitment low maintenance lol
also i 'm looking to apply for juris doctor which says i need to apply through uac !
he 's not the best but serviceable is underselling him quite a bit .
he 's an absolute dog run blocking and his protection was back to good once we sacked that o line coach
it 's not like it was their fault they were exposed to a horcrux for an incredible amount of time
that ft vvd is the worst i have ever used he ball watches for me a lot and caused me to concede .
idk man if i ca n't flutter jump and gib someone with a gnasher as yoshi i think i 'll be missing out
there 's a subreddit about fat pigs what is it i ca n't remember
he always seem to have a calming demeanor in his interviews .
ahhh so you believe that smoking marijuana all day does not lead to adverse health effects ?
littlefinger hurt the most sly oozing perfection to standard brute in the affc rerecord
it 's exhausting i just want my son back .
him and his wife and their kids are staying with me at the moment and i never get a break between my job and then what goes on at home .
its so hard to find a place that will keep him as an inpatient without insurance or any funds .
all the good rehabs are outrageous like 30,000 for a month .
please tell me how an addict is supposed to pay those kind of fees or hold a job for insurance ?
its like once you go down that dark road of drug abuse there is really no way to get out .
heroin addiction is horrible i knew nothing about it until my son got hooked on it .
he literally has me and his wife left and his wife has one foot out the door .
i myself am at that point if he does n't submit to treatment he has to go .
i ca n't continue to watch him slowly kill himself .
it 's just too much knowing who he was and what he 's become .
and i 'm a good 1,000 miles from texas .
i think wwe has no idea how to finish this story .
if you want to verify check our wiki article https www.reddit.com/r/massivecock/wiki/verification
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah it frustrates the hell out of me that this post gets so much praise when it goes around .
the woman is hurting other people and the husband is helping her get away with it .
i 'm also very much not into this whole meme true friends/lovers will violate ethics for you . ''
the better husband would explain to her how what she 's doing can cause problems and then offer to be there to stand up for her if people wo n't leave her alone when she does n't like them .
i knew that the second i gave away my one silver i 'd see a post that deserved it much more .
of course it 's the best way to end a sentence
basically raw cheese is vile cooked cheese is yum/ok .
if its as tasty as y'all make it out to be what do we gain by not having any ?
just got out of a relationship too and it is hard !
feedback for u/skunk_box can be found here http www.reddit.com/r/pmsfeedback/search ? q=skunk_box restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pmsforsale if you have any questions or concerns .
well i do n't feel like i am the best person to jump to the genre 's defense as by my own admission its not really for me much in the same way i do n't like fantasy that reads too much like dnd .
but i have read a couple the arcane ascension books that were well written and had a very interesting plot .
i just did n't care for the more 'gamey ' elements .
one of the panelists aleron kong he has over 100k five star reviews and was voted audible 's customer favorite for 2018 .
so while popular of course does n't automatically mean good it 's hard to argue with that level of success .
yeah the bulk of writers in the genre wo n't compare with the names you listed but the bulk of writers in those genres wo n't compare either .
as publishers begin to take more notice of litrpg i fully expect the best authors to be getting comparable book deals .
what about the 3 plush babys only thing i can think of that could fit .
show op what it takes for your level of empathy and help pay for his sister .
from 9/11 to pearl harbor to the sinking of the uss maine .
tragedies have always been used to push an agenda .
the other side just is n't as remembered by those who do n't study history .
it 's funny how you can predict his classic narc behavior .
he was bringing our baby to his mistress ' house for months without my knowledge and if i even mention a man he gets angry and demands i do n't bring our son around strange men . ''
he also says any man who would date me is a creep who only wants me for sex because why else would they like me ? ?
i 'm supposed to be cool with his mistress playing stepmom but i better not get into a relationship !
i know they say it 's for navigation but in my head canon this is only a secondary benefit .
the primary reason for cetacean ops would be as a direct result of star trek iv .
any long-distance exploration ship carries blue whales and other cetaceans for communication purposes just in case they run into that probe another like it or even the progenitors of that probe .
outside of one season of mahomes which no one really thinks is a fluke a 4 game stretch of watson and 75 of a season of wentz how many qbs have we seen surpass goff 's output ?
we even have evidence with other elite playcallers shanahan nagy reid with alex smith that there is only so much they can do with an average prospect . ''
i think some people are taking the new offensive revolution a bit too far in thinking the qb really does n't matter much or that any decent prospect and become plug and play .
do you think the rams would rush into this contract with 2 years of control with the tag if they legit thought they could get 85 of the production from bortles on a bargain contract ?
goff is a good case of focusing on what a qb can do vs. what he ca n't .
haha all good i too one day want all the upvotes haha
take it to heart and make it your motto !
let 's make the penis almost feel nothing just to last longer in bed ''
kimi was also a clear number 2 where as leclrec and vettel are roughly equal with no driver getting clear favor at least atm .
not to take anything away from leclrec his stats are impressive just different circumstances
however both h330 and h730 both support proper passthrough and will work fine with freenas .
it 'll be easier and cheaper to get one of those rather than the hba .
you can get cables to connect older percs but idrac may complain about backplane issues '' not connected '' .
i ran into this with my t430 and a h310 flashed .
why does everyone immediately take sides on the internet ?
ultimately some good came from it and nothing bad imo .
he is a super high quality comic/meme maker follow his page !
i do n't believe the notion of non-mandatory vaccination has been discarded and those people who believe in anti vaxxer view points should still have a say in public policy that affects them as the policy is n't investigating the efficacy of vaccination but instead the efficacy and interest in applying a mandatory scheme to its application for certain services .
whenever policy is being shaped that will affect people those people get to have a say .
otherwise you just believe in technocracy and/or authoritarian governance of minorities by a majority .
build a lifter that will put the particle accelerator centrifugal ring into orbit .
it was hardly a movie just a series of scenes strung together with no overarching or coherent story .
at one point they had a flashback within a flashback .
u/schr0ding3r thank you for your submission please remember to supply as many details you can .
these include if applicable size origin store and/or geographic location age and any writing on the item .
additional pictures can be added as a comment in this post .
whatever you 've googled/found already should be included to save time and effort .
for everyone else if u/schr0ding3r has provided enough details and is responding this message can be downvoted to get it out of the way .
if they 're not please upvote this so they see they need to provide more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/helpmefind if you have any questions or concerns .
being married to a teacher does n't mean you can just wander into a school anytime you like .
that 's more shifting from one part of the country to the other .
the actual total population growth is n't explosive or anything .
🙏 i kinda wanted a clean game to avoid that risk .
this submission was removed for breaking rule 3 reaction meme .
text-based reaction memes are not allowed on weekdays utc time https time.is/utc .
they are defined as any situation described in text followed by an image s showing that situation or the direct results of that situation .
i am a bot and this comment was made automatically however this submission was removed manually by a member of the mod team .
if you have any questions about this removal please contact the moderators through modmail .
she 's dead and her opinion on the matter means nothing anymore .
once you get pass that maybe one day you 'll see the kid as a person instead of the product of your dad 's betrayal .
maybe suggest a gofundme or make one and link it somehow .
if you 're 600+lbs i think it should be a given that not everyone should have to accommodate that coupled with your description of his lifestyle i do n't think he would feel comfortable in a venue like that ... idk i just ca n't fathom that anyone would expect that of you it 's a burden frankly .
but your meme is about people who make memes about memes so that would indicate you want attention most of all .
idk i thought that this guy already had enough money and that 200 really was n't worth it😂 .
meh 100 clean energy and no mention of nuclear .
the dems ca n't have their cake and eat it too .
either the transition to 100 non carbon based energy gen wo n't happen in 10 years or it will need nuclear and significant majority of it to hit the 10 year target .
these are stump speeches checked by researchers do n't say nuclear people have just watched chernobyl the republicans will call you hitler who wants to nuke americans
it 's either this asinine approach that just ignores nuclear or its full on thorium and fusion reactor science fiction by yang .
where is the math and science on the amount of real estate it will if only solar and wind are utilised ?
answers are needed now what is working right now .
put in modern checks and balances and do n't cut corners like the russians .
science has come a long way the us trusts nuclear to defend itself not just nuclear warheads i mean nuclear powered submarines and aircraft carriers but not enough for civil power generation ?
edit to those asking for ‘sources ' on the science and economics some basic info below and i encourage you to do more research and educate yourself about nuclear .
the proof lies in the pudding and that example is france 70 nuclear plus an entire list of eu countries over 35
i 'm sure they 're just idiots with a deathwish to be atomised .
total idiots not like the smartest ever president in the oval s
further it 's not like usa is at zero it 's already nearly 20 so let 's not talk about ‘feasibility ' .
when it comes to large scale non-carbon right now the only answer is fission .
for a more ‘easy listening ' on the topic i can suggest one video https youtu.be/cistnd9y2ak
finally while ‘because china is doing it ' is never a good enough reason that is certainly a factor to raise they have the highest energy needs so if you want to ignore the ‘nuclear crazy europeans ' then currently china uae india are the leaders in new nuclear capacity by mw .
now that the cnn townhall has confirmed that bernie and warren are severely misguided and stereotyped about fission energy science and nuclear i hope all the posters below who were covering for their plans ‘they tactically did n't mention nuclear does n't mean they do n't want nuclear ' will wise up .
then meier set the floor aho is somewhere between i think the market has been set .
i do n't think everyone 's just playing a big waiting game at this point negotiations just take time .
there 's more information and tools to assess a player and more go into negotiations than ever before .
i 'm an us img i heard my grades come in around 8:30 but 10 or 11 est sounds about right for amg 's !
it is a strange situation to live with someone so soon that 's a lot of time together and personal space from the get go .
if he thinks you argue a lot but you do n't it definitely seems he is reluctant and i would n't want extra commitment of a shared lease either .
i would be grateful to have my own name on the lease to give myself a sense of security so that if it does n't work out between you both then you do n't have to worry about moving and finding somewhere quickly he 's putting that responsibility on himself and doing you a favour .
just make sure you move somewhere you would be capable of paying for solo if it came to it ?
any god that demands or accepts mass worship is one i 'll die proud to have insulted .
had the good fortune to have been skeptical about obama hype during the primaries even given the threat that the clintons might be able to continue reagan 's legacy if they won .
still like a lot of people i really wanted to believe the b.s .
but you still got to play the game on a controller ... as much as i like free mtx that 's a big deal breaker .
experiencing the mc was both awful and relieving to know i might be able to get pregnant .
we found out bt after er 1 was a total fail and er 2 had all of our abnormal embryos post pgt testing as the same abnormality .
i guess we can give it a shot if you 're interested due the fact having few things in common .
feh is n't exactly a paragon of generosity either .
but a vacation is much different from living there .
you only see the good stuff and leave before things can get real .
she only see the fun stuff but what about cramping in a 3 bedroom house with 1 bathroom ? !
understandable she misses her family but its not about her anymore .
she should put the kids future first making sure you guys provide for them not appeasing her family .
maybe you got the short end of the stick of not reserving it quicker
try the mobile game it started life as a mobile knockoff of tony hawk then he ended up being the focus of the fourth game
obviously it wo n't be arthur 's exact hat but it does look a little similar and probably the closest we 'll get to it .
hey woah now with how joe has been acting lately there is a very real chance he simply forgot about supporting it .
im going to be checking both amc and fandango but i they would have announced what time they are going to drop
i was thinking it reminded me of some sort of liquid medicine i had as a kid .
women treat your dick like a tool traps treat your dick like it 's god .
there are plenty of other places to work as a server .
if so this is a bad sign for a relationship .
but as long as she wants to flaunt her body in public she 's not ready to settle down .
the thing is you ca n't change someone else you can only change yourself .
so if this is what she really wants to do that 's a red flag .
you may need to let her go and find someone who is done with all of that and is ready for a committed relationship .
my question was is it in obw to have air that works ? ''
but they 'll also be streching and it will wind up being a little fluffier .
i have one that just started throwing pistols and another that 's headed for an early finish .
i saw briefly on the netflix show queer eye that moisturizing with the fingertips wasted a lot of product but i do n't remember what was recommended instead .
your post was removed because we require a minimum account-age and karma that you do not meet .
in an effort to prevent spammers/bots from circumventing this filter the minimums are not disclosed .
messaging mods for the minimums will result in a 30-day ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw if you have any questions or concerns .
oh ya he 's a target and those little shits will continue this kinda sick shit .
we have a huge list of books that are approved for study stuff like jane austen shakespeare lord of the flies etc ...
in primary school the teachers had a bit more freedom .
the teachers would usually pick a book and read out loud to us so those books would n't have been preapproved .
it 's great that there are so many young kids reading this book .
i 'll definitely read it with her she should be fine thankyou .
should 've wrote mlm scam scam '' on her face .
i kept hoping there would be some reason behind all of his actions .
i also loved yvette i just identify with her .
been posted a million times and it 's the 1st i 've seen it in 3 years
i really love my job and my hobbies despite hating most other things about my situation .
my home life is just bad and i wo n't make enough money to move out until i pay down my student loans and credit card bills more .
going from living alone and having freedom to living with my parents again makes it hard to feel optimistic .
the video is hella speed up but the size and power are hard to comprehend .
and at that point are n't they more or less used to wet the dry area near the fire then to actually try to extinguish the fire itself ?
yeah i still had a few chase cards i wanted .
mostly why i have n't gotten on graavy train .
i might just do through the portal in that case .
wanted to see if booking awards somewhere was better but i 'm not versed in that at all .
i have only gotten to around 5 so far but they are pretty good and i will be watching them all .
look and you 'll see it 's well over 2 years old and started commenting only 5 days ago mostly troll or pro ccp comments .
possibly greasy and moisty since they will add a new zone leaked as possibly being greasy and change pandora .
then again the rift beacon at pandora is still active so maybe we 'll see 3 new areas ?
or maybe 1 will go to greasy and one to paradise then the pandora one and paradise merge to create one large rift area .
oh i thought this was reference to many arena players that want it to be different from mtg .
i traded an indigo a while back for an unyielding sentinel piece and i also had offers for bloodied explosive weapons so yea great find there
i happened to see a pack of these in asda yesterday they 're the vegetarian type .
i played to the giant '' so far and actually lost .
a lot of people have said the site helped them feel better so i hope on this subreddit it will help people too !
as a 8th pick 12 man ppr league is it worth it to consider tes in the 2nd or 3rd kelce or kittle .
they began paying off overdue electricity bills and high-interest loans .
what kind of moron do you have to be to think this constitutes blowing your money '' and spending it irresponsibly ? ''
but ... salt is neutral when dissolved in water .
it 's a mix of na with cl without further ionisation .
you just created a net alkaline solution by adding baking soda
pulled 2 gohans on the first 2 discounted summons have n't got cell
that might be i think streaming is good but cable tv is still better
typical of reddit to downvote you for showing appreciation .
yeah no one gives a shit it 's a left turn .
do n't hog the lane get out there and prove to everyone in traffic you are paying attention .
wow that place is concerning on a lot of fronts .
this is also can be great because you can turn the narrative back on the player and most of the time they 'll be meaner to themselves then you 'd ever be .
what clue do you think you accidentally or intentionally leave that make it more likely the green goblin will find out who did this ? ''
you 've still done your mc move but the player or possibly one of the other players gets to help advance the narrative .
if you 're careful in your phrasing you still maintain final authority on the narrative .
my buddy uses the yeti and it has some of the cleanest audio for a non-studio mic that i have heard .
when folk backwards jump or try to wait out the clock because of health lead i 'll just zone them .
you have until 09/05 10:47 am est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20190905t144759 .
u/outbachsteakhouse reply with normal squib or onside and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.kickoff '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' czkexz ''
is the b450 tomahawk a good mobo to pair it with now or no ?
could be a wide range of things your gf is thinking of
she is genuinely curious about the concept of tinder and sex life of her friends and why they prefer casual relationships compared to your guys ' committed relationship
she is committed to you and loves you but maybe she has a fantasy of sleeping with strangers/guys on dating apps or seeking validation/compliments from guys online ?
she 's young and starting to realize that maybe a long-term relationship now is n't her thing and she wants to explore more casual dating or hook ups ?
also lied about her ancestry so that she can get faculty job at harvard and harvard can claim they are diverse by hiring talented native american scholars where in fact they hired a white woman cloaked in native american sweatshirt .
looks like a stug iii with some possible ss waffen camouflage
the value in bringing in an outside consultant is that it 's a one-time cost .
the firm does the work providing their expertise in the area and then moves on the city pays the bill and it 's done .
this can be more efficient than reassigning staff to do this work or hiring new city employees for the task .
you can make a valid argument for doing it the other way .
some organizations would say that it 's better to have permanent employees doing it because it helps ensure that practices become part of the natural order of how the city does its business .
but bringing in an outside specialized firm is n't an invalid or wasteful '' way to accomplish setting up a strategic plan .
i think it 's time for you to step in and take control of this contract situation kneejerk .
like the scariest thing is if i had straight hair i would look nearly the same as the guy in the back just some 19 year old doing what he was trained to think was right only to be hit by a bomb from kilometers away ... that could be me it could be my father my brother my cousins my friends anyone ... war is fucked man
there 's a mexican restaurant right on the town square in martinsville .
the left wants an equal distribution of wealth and the right does n't .
they pay lip service to the idea but i do n't think that they truly believe it .
everyone wants to have more than the next person it 's just a question of what 's right .
republicans do lean towards keeping what you earn more but bernie sanders is the only one who actually seems to try to practice any sort of income equality and he 's mostly independent .
but there are problems with pure equality too mainly that merit can be ignored and i do n't think anyone wants that either .
it 's actually the only thing you ca n't say both sides agree on .
maybe i 'm just jaded because the last two democratic governors of my state have held up a children 's hospital and refused to give owed money until they made a campaign contribution and and removed all the toilets from a mansion so it would be decorated uninhabitable for a tax break .
but i 'm sure those two people really want to eliminate income equality .
it 's not gon na be months super casual guilds by mythic standards are going to be acing dps checks soon as their members finally hit 65 and are getting more and more flush with gear .
there are enough alliance guilds close that they will soon reach the tipping point and finally start clearing the last bosses as well .
we 've seen it every tier and it 's always the same from my experience with friends playing classic most of them already hated bfa and had n't been involved with prog raiding anyway so those numbers do n't really clash
john major once threatened to do it to the maastricht euroscptic rebels in the 90 's when they voted down the maastricht treaty twice against his government .
it never got to that point though because he won the third vote after they got scared the whip would be removed .
up until then the carriers wouldnt let you design a phone that used that much data .
'so a nuclearized abomination a baby a coward with ptsd the special '' one a pervert a thirsty boi a terminally sick boi a fat boi and the cute girl the coward 's going out with all float into res ops ... ''
might give aoe2 definitive a shot too once it comes out .
mainly plays age of mythology and age of empires 3 nowadays .
if you want to read new stuff coming out and save money to fill in gaps i highly recommend going digital .
if you can stand to wait 6-12 months the hickman stuff will be included in marvel unlimited .
i spend my money on old comics now and read damn near anything i want for the price of three or four comics a month i have several digital subscriptions but still way cheaper than actually purchasing physical comics of which the value of most will be .25 in a year or two .
i 'll stick with the version of grown up '' where i make my own decisions thanks .
advice from a divorcee who 's had a bit more time to process you are doing great girl .
and you can go on a second date if you want !
just it 's highly unlikely you are ready to get emotionally entangled .
right now it 's absolutely fine to have a companion for fun maybe even sexy if you want it times .
the first person i went on a date with physically hurt me .
he was an old friend and i was so vulnerable i was shattered .
i did n't realize how vulnerable i was until i had some hindsight so be careful with your heart right now my dear .
your heart may need some extra protection right now too .
i wish i 'd gotten that advice and i wish i 'd heeded it !
i thought i was ready long before i was !
it 's been almost 3 years now and my life is soooooo much better for the choices i made to leave my soul-crushing marriage and to figure out who i actually am .
turns out i really like myself this true myself way more than i liked the person i was trying to be to keep my ex happy .
2 steps forward and 1 step back it just keeps getting better !
rb is a little weak but if the gordon allows ekeler become the starter he 'll be a great rb2 with rb1 upside .
hopefully montgomery pans out because i have him as well
r unearthed arcana is all about modifying the 5e system .
that it has more of a bent to make additional content from existing 5e rules instead of trying to change them .
but conversions to new settings and tones are still often posted .
geez i mean you almost make it sound like having a gun in the house is just a bad idea in general
this is n't just pay a fine and it goes away .
pleading guilty would leave you with a criminal record and maybe jail time .
late hotwife boyfriend wanted to know if she was legal to jizz on..
well he initially asked what she was gon na say but she refused to answer .
anything more than that is moot because she 's acting like a shit .
answer to the question in 1 because you ca n't have multiple phones on the single line plan .
so m is usable by accounts with more than one phone line .
the 5gb single line plan is a special offer for single phone accounts .
also note that the actual price is 55 after autopay with checking discount 5 .
the m plan also has a 20 fee per line attached to the account .
yeah the game comes with a cord that connects the electric guitar directly to the pc/playstation .
is there a reason you are choosing to date mostly partnered men ?
are you having clear and open conversations upfront about needs bandwidth and what you can expect from them ?
ohhhhh is that the park with the huge artificial trees ?
it looks like he 's wearing little fingerless gloves .
while you 're at it figure out what habits got you in to that much debt to begin with or you 'll keep maxing them out like i did and file chap 13 in your 30 's .
i overdosed in my teens and just seeing the reaction of my family makes you never want to try again no matter how bad and hopeless you feel
it 's not like anyone can fucking post anything anyway
remove the sub and remove the kebab moderators by force
i think you need to sort your assumptions out .
if you read anything i wrote then you would understand why there is a low percentage of non fee paying schools that row it 's obvious it 's basic shit like they are n't next to rivers they do n't have boat houses built century ago .
state schools do n't row because there 's no incentive passive or active .
rowing has little to no pull like mainstream sport and state schools have no reason to introduce rowing .
the fact that half the gb team is from private schools is an accurate representation of the break down of school level rowers from a decade ago .
he has always insisted he wants to get a deal .
it was a dangerous bridge crossing but the island was beautiful .
ended up scoring 2 barely used louis garneau jerseys for 15cad in a garage sale !
i love levelling abilities and unlocking better magic in this game so it was fun .
i did have some youtubes vids on occasionally though .
the end result was lvl 40 gfs with all but 2-3 abilities unlearned aga lvl magic and bottom lvl squall/zell/selphie .
the robot went down with a single volley of attacks .
but i imagine there is someone on here that could model and 3d print it .
i 'm sure that would go well over the 1 hour time slot they 're allowed 😂
got a helmet and gloves both better than what i have had in the last 4 years went back and bought another helmet very good airflow highly recommend
you can see how the caliber of players we signed progressively got worse and worse with the only real notables being the big marketing buys .
i think you are right about the depay-schneiderlin-darmian-schweinsteiger etc .
i think they were all good signings but maybe the players just did n't have the mentality to flourish at a big club when we were on the ropes .
our problem now is we have so many holes to plug if we 're going to seriously be a club that challenges for the titles and ucl again we need a quality rw quality lb at least two quality cm 's either a cm and dm or a dm and 10 which means we need to decide how to properly use pogba and a good striker would n't go astray either .
this all ca n't be done in one window but also means the more irrelevant we become the more unlikely it is the players we actually need will be willing to sign for us .
you want no annoying romance no past connection between the romantic ?
leads or jerky male lead spend some time on the classic i 'm sorry i love you '' .
automod the following is a copy of the above post .
this comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
so my sister and i are currently in a host family in france to learn french .
it 's our 4th day here and i was just heading home with the tram and when i arrived i noticed that my sister had the keys to get in .
i really need to work for my school projects at school so i always need to come home earlier .
at this time nobody is home yet so now i was standing there and r/wellthatsucks
i am always home earlier and so my sister took the keys from me in the morning without me noticing it .
she probably thought it wouldnt be a big deal .
i called her and she told me that she was out with her friends walking in a park .
i told her she should come over here because i really needed the keys .
sure i could 've gone back in the city with the metro then get to that specific park go back to the station and drive back home .
that would 've taken way longer than her coming over .
obviously she is pissed now but why would she even take the keys in the morning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
the report suggests reducing annual operating expenses from current spending levels by 600 million by the fourth year not per year through annual reductions starting with 200 million in 20/21 .
that 's a different figure than the total projected operating deficit of 18 billion at the end of 4 years .
the four-year hole without the suggested spending reductions would be somewhat higher at 18 billion 1.5 billion the sum of annual operating expense reductions from current spending of 100 million in 20/21 400 million in 21/22 and 600 million in 22/23 .
in any case i 'm not willing right now to defend up to 600 million in annual operating spending cuts by using that figure in my holding line but if you 've independently arrived at that position great !
not working today so just plodding about the house really .
azan is in the wind ... ... ..he does n't know or care what nickle does .
you 're supposed to taper off the sessions after roughly a month allegedly this is about when you 're supposed to see a 75 reduction .
we 're still on initial use frequency which is every other day on occasion we 're now moving to every three days .
i feel like it 's only just starting to slow down growth .
typical power use is on level 4 of 5 .
i 've got a pretty high pain threshold and i ca n't go higher .
for whatever reason there is one spot on me which is super sensitive and a couple times i 've gotten a mild burn on the follicle .
you can actually smell hair burning when that occurs .
it 's too early to say if i recommend it .
they do n't look anything alike ... unless you consider both having lips and eyes as the marker😂
sisko punched an omnipotent being who can destroy all sentient life in the galaxy in the face .
you basically send it off pay for what speed you want then wait .
i highly recommend using a middleman just because it 's cheaper .
if you 're in the us ludkins collectibles is a certified psa the company that does the grading middlem .
you just send them the cards and they take care of the rest .
i feel you bro my mum said the same to me after i tried to kill myself .
i feel like i 'm trapped because there 's no way i can do it after hearing that but like i ca n't go on living either
i 'm not using it for gaming i 'm using it to actually work my laptop is pretty shitty and has trouble with more than 7 tabs of google open which is what i have open so i 'm trying to get shadow at school i 'm a low a freshman i know not to end up hating my life just trying to use it to be more productive
you were fortunate to do all of that in an age before cellphones but now that poses even more risk .
i 'd imagine if someone had an exhibitionist streak they could seek out a few couples into watching/being watched but that sounds exhausting to search and then vet .
i have a hard enough time getting 4 friends in the same room for pandemic anymore .
if you want a little bigger drive the 10tb wd easystore/elements go on sale pretty often for 160-180 which i think was worth it .
they 're shuckable too as long as you 're comfortable with doing it .
i have an 8tb and 10tb that i shucked using the 10 for plex
in the absence of males females of some species can undergo parthenogenesis which allows them to reproduce asexually .
well forced sterilization is not a new or fictional concept .
been happening to native americans in particular but also people of other races .
the right does n't even care that the have blood on their hands for this last shooting .
the mass killer was armed because the gop/nra refused to allow universal background checks
i 'm pretty sure the fetishists in germany make it back 5x in cheap export deals and muslim immigrants .
so many wasted opportunities are what hurt me the most .
but at this point of time it looks like this is him at his best currently compared to how he performed in 2018 .
still he should n't have lost those 2 points to novak in wimbledon .
do n't contact him you said yourself communication was terrible but the rest was great .
what if communication look great now what if you will doubt your current relationship .
only bad stuff can come from this do n't do it .
i love spinach so that should go well with mixing it in with the eggs .
one of the best matches i have seen in the world cup so far .
you made a comment before knowing what it was you were commenting on ? ..
so the state of his voice is exactly the same for two months of shows ?
that felt passive aggressive and i 'm ok with that
and you know damn well that the uniform inspection is half assed .
the fc wants to get back to his office .
of course i 'm rejecting it on the grounds that it was written by a christian .
why not reject the whole bible on the same exact grounds then ?
creationists always decide on the conclusion that the world is new before they actually look at the data which indicates the earth is old .
what about former atheists who first became old earth creationists and only later became young earth creationists ?
like dr. john sanford the author of genetic entropy ?
he was swayed by the evidence both from science and from the bible that the earth can not be old .
and you still do n't understand that the data '' by itself is neutral .
it is always biased human beings who do the job of interpreting the data and deciding what the data says '' .
if you ca n't be bothered then neither can i be bothered to spend any more time talking with you .
if the evidence was truly valid and compelling it would convince others in the discipline .
name what you are talking about and i can probably name a scientist from that field who disagrees with old earth .
you need to stop letting the mob do your thinking for you .
i feel like there has been a lot of roads actually replaced this year as opposed to repaired and that 75 northbound replacement seems to be making a lot of progress .
but that may just be what i 'll do in regards to this for a stupid decision by her or if i got desperate ohio is only 60 miles away and my girlfriend lives much closer to ohio than i do
edit said them changed to her as my understanding is this an order by the governor not a law that was passed by normal channels
i think thats the hades helmet you get it for mastering the support class
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nice if you have any questions or concerns .
he would send them naked photos of himself too and ones where he was dressed up in cutsie '' japanese anime outfits ... ..it was weird
also was cheating on his wife with another woman during all this too ... .
oh and the icing on the cake the wife knew about him sexting fans and was sort of ok with it she just did n't know how far it had gone apparently
that 's a fair way of looking at it .
i disagree most people i 've talked to just want cups because so much time is wasted waiting around for no reason .
regardless fixing the awful wait times should be a bigger priority than adding cup/tournament matches to online .
the online experience should n't be slow and painful for anyone not queued into a cup .
i mean if 4 of your team is dead there 's no way he can actually stop the enemy team no matter what he does .
if everyone is alive he should be fighting with u unless he himself has an opportunity to end .
you need to move your cursor over the trait itself
if you have n't read fight club yet you need to .
does n't matter if you 've seen the movie .
as i said in my other comment i 'm working on it
trump adopts good ideas the best russia has to offer
also i 'm afraid if i admit it to him he would ignore me forever .
manufacturers and retailers are required to submit ingredients of their liquids to the fda .
now that retailers will no longer be selling flavored liquids in michigan there 's no way of knowing what could be in flavored liquids obatined by other means .
i would love to hear more fleetwood mac i love their covers of the chain and silver springs .
fleetwood 's songs are so emotional and personal much like f+m 's songs are .
or just invest in a facility to do more heists
i 'm going to wait a week and see if they announce the unas-4 that leaked in the pictures of the rack they 're selling in early access .
if it does n't get announced soon i 'm probably going to get one .
the weather resistance and extra mounts are worth the 20 for me .
if you 're thin enough you can get up under there just fine .
working on cars involves way less time under the car and more time standing over the engine bay than media portrays .
wheel chocks a set of jack stands and a floor jack .
the factory bottle jack will work changing a tire but it 'll be inconvenient at home .
jack stands are an absolute necessity any time you lift any vehicle off the ground never trust the jack on its own .
make sure to give the vehicle a good shake before you start any work if it 's unstable and falls it 's better to have it land on the ground than on you .
do n't skip any safety measures here a falling vehicle can kill or maim you .
for brakes you need a jack jack stands disc brake service kit socket set this job is metric but the jeep is a mix so get imperial too bungee cord brake clean breaker bar ratchet and the brake parts themselves .
things like brake service kits are available for rent at auto parts stores not napa though .
for a tutorial look up chris fix on youtube as others have said he 's covered disc and drum brakes .
two additional invaluable youtube resources are bleepin jeep who 's covered almost every job on an xj and nickintimefilms .
matt at bleepin jeep is really good at making tutorials for mechanical stuff and for a lot of bigger jobs too .
nick is a great resource for older xjs with the renix engine management system i believe he has an 89 .
i do n't see what the big deal is click the thread or do n't .
it 's not unusual for fans of a sport to pay some attention to the drama .
you ai n't got nothing against someone who can expand to the size of the entire universe and turn all of its mass into paperclips !
got one to drop yesterday on my first prime game not the best roll but felt good in pvp .
an intentional gap in a law is called an exemption which is what private sales are .
i was having similar ideas but i 'm super bad with wording and would n't have been able to explain it like you have .
to me it feels like he does it only to pump himself up but i am a fan so maybe view it with that perspective
20 buy in looking for 9 more people to start a league draft will begin as soon as filled .
i 'm not clear on what 's being said here .
i do n't understand how the list of adult compensations leads to cptsd popping up '' or how it contrasts against youth compensations .
how do default networks and neural pruning relate in this context ?
what awareness develops during this stage of life that makes cptsd more prevalent ?
i ca n't wait to get down there and do a job .
how do you understand the parable of the talents ?
in highschool we had a teacher flip and try jumping out a window .
one day we had this as a vocabluary word .
the whole class acted like we just could n't understand the definition and kept asking her for examples
ca n't believe it took them this long to finally do a podcast together
did n't think too much of him ... . until the manners '' duel that was absolutely hilarious lol
somehow we were able to make the original comment even worse
because that would be one magically toss by a guest !
the amount of real estate he has in bears fans brains is unreal
they should really move 205 live prior to smackdown mainly due to the audience .
205 live has shown that they can get the crowd up on their feet and cheering .
they just need a larger crowd and a better time to do it .
205 live has also been pretty good with time management so there 's plenty of time to transition to smackdown .
from this past tuesday smackdown may not offer the same luxury to 205 live hence the remnants of the final segment in smackdown being broadcasted in 205 live .
it 's easy to use and syncs well with gmail .
i had the exact opposite opinion when i took my break .
i 'll be worse and will be on par with my team mates ! ''
a part of me still does n't think he makes this team unfortunately .
beto is really good serious serious pity that he did n't beat cruz
so do you think it 's in my best interest to send my most recent and truthful transcript to them for my insurance renewal ?
that 's what i 'm thinking too but i hope they do n't add too much because the mystery is what made up a huge part of my love for this game .
it 's not a cypher ... that just sounds like a song .
trying to make a connection on reddit and leads with being a cop ?
like trying to pick up taliban with a jane austen quote .
also on a much less dire note it reinvigorated the stigma against ginger kids ''
t has made other changes to their earnings distribution on rides that have also adversely affected drivers but the real killer is all of the extra drivers .
so understand it is in the best interest of every driver on this sub to convince you not to start driving for lyft .
i have n't given a lyft ride in about a year and i never will again .
i have no personal stake at all in what other people do other than maybe that if the roads are saturated with drivers i might save some money as an occasional passenger .
you 'll be making meager and inconsistent wages while incurring much higher expenses than you think while subjecting yourself to stress and discomfort and squandering away your free time all with a far too high of a risk of personal injury/death compared to other shitty ways to scrape together some coin .
checking out the reviews with images helps for anything on dh
well maybe but it is sure more entertaining then what happened two days ago or nicks haircut lol
i 'm hoping that post-eza they will be the optimal ssj goku to run with lr gohan due to them already being a decent support unit
i came into a bit of money ... .. not a lot by any means but just enough for me to pull off a couple months rent ... . stock my house full of groceries of the non-rotting variety and quit my shit ass piece of shit job where i had been stuck .
i was a single parent stuck in a shitty ass job where i was qualified but going nowhere .
basically shit my briches turning in my 4 weeks .
i know i got lucky with that money but i really just considered blowing it but i knew i had to step out of my comfort zone and do something to make life better
israel to see wether or not it 's a legitimate state !
same i have them in grey and they 're one of my favorite shoes ever
because t-mobile has treated its employees exceptionally well in my 20 year tenure .
i can see you have n't spent much time on r/goth as most regular posters will tell you about the scene being alive and well and we 'll happily tell you which gigs we 've recently seen and which ones we 're looking forward to .
not to mention that we all know the poseurs are n't at the shows !
lmao this is probs the same dude who wrote the other post trying to karma whore off his other ‘stir the pot account '
since when does george w. count as a democrat ?
even if you fix your exhaust wear earplugs ! !
it 's so crazy how many riders i talk to who complain about wind noise and headaches but do n't even think to wear earplugs .
you have until 09/05 10:47 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20190906t024758 .
it 's 1st and goal on the lafayette 5 .
u/hrcnhntr613 reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' czkd3p ''
what 's marvelous about the film is that there is enough accurate historical detail to inspire 'teachable moments ' like ok this was made up for the movie but this was n't and this is why it 's cool .
i 've heard a lot of teachers will show it in class and then base lessons off it .
i had a boner until i heard this ladies ' voice .
best hiking and lakes this side of ... uh ...
genesis 6:9-9:17-no children punished for the sins of the parents .
please tell me where it is in the bible that made you come to this conclusion ?
god is often attacked for killing all the innocent people and even children in the flood .
in fact some have specifically said but the children .
how could god kill the little children ? the response if the earth was filled with violence and evil it makes one wonder how many children were still alive anyway .
after all in today 's culture where evil has a foothold it is children that seem to bear the brunt of much violence e.g. hundreds of millions of abortions .
even if there were some children left god provided the ark .
why did the parents of those children refuse to let them board ?
why did they insist on putting their children in harm 's way ?
if anyone is to blame it is the parents and guardians who stopped them from coming to the ark. ''
why blame god for something when he provided a means of salvation which the parents refused ?
imagine if a boater came to rescue a woman and her child who were on top of a roof with floodwaters rising .
the boater says please get in and i can save you. the woman says no we will stay because i do n't believe you. then the boater patiently waits and even tries to explain what will happen yet she continues to refuse over and over again .
the boater even asks for her to send her child and she still refuses and swats the boater away .
is it appropriate to blame the boater for the death of the child ?
but consider this judging scripture by scripture it says that no one is truly innocent romans 3:23 and all will eventually die anyway—a repercussion of our own actions 1 corinthians 15:22 romans 6:23 .
second what brought such a judgment on the people before the flood ? ''
then the lord saw that the wickedness of man was great in the earth and that every intent of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually .
every intention and thought was evil all the time .
imagine the murders rapes thefts child sacrifices cannibalism and so on .
yet this was about 120 years maximum before the flood genesis 6:3 .
so god was still patient allowing time for repentance and change 1 peter 3:20 .
god even called noah to be a preacher of righteousness 2 peter 2:5 yet people still refused to listen and continued in their evil ways . ''
god even went so far as to offer a way of salvation !
he provided an ark through noah and his family and yet others did n't come .
only noah 's family was saved 2 peter 2:5 .
the means of salvation preaching of righteousness and god 's patience were there yet everyone else refused and received their judgment . ''
as an aside the claim of children dying in the flood has always been of interest especially when skeptics and atheists bring it up .
the hypocrisy is astounding since these skeptics and atheists often support the murder of babies as we have seen in the abortion debate .
if people really were evil and their thoughts evil all the time then abortion child murder and child sacrifice were likely commonplace .
disobedience to god would likely mean disobeying god 's command to be fruitful and multiply genesis 1:28 .
resisting this command would result in drastically fewer children so one could wonder if many children were even around at the time of the flood .
noah himself had no children until he was 500 years old lending to the view that children may have been few and far between in those days .
even so children are sinners and can also have evil intentions and thoughts romans 3:23 .
today for example we see children killing children in school child thieves rape among children and so on .
but if children and infants did n't make it to the ark the means of salvation at the time whose fault is it but their own and/or parents/guardians who refused to let them ? !
so why blame god when he offered them a means to be saved ? ''
i do n't remember what the exact comment was but some girl up here was talking about giving out vasectomies but for free and i was like 🙋🏾‍♂️
there 's a partial name in the corner so i 'd imagine source can be googled
i finished drafting my top 3 went adams conner ertz
even at that level and that logic it 's still pretty meaningful as some people do n't see the amazingness or experience profound synchronicities like others do .
some people just live like and are n't amazed by something like an ant .
hey that shirts gon na get your baby watch out !
it 's not the child 's responsibility to protect their parents it 's the other way around .
he might surprise you if you open up to him .
im glad that you 've come to the realization that these games are fucking terrible but you really need to take some more time to articulate your thoughts man lol
yoshi has participated in all the torunaments with a fucking sword .
bryan can rip a tank apart with his nothing but his manly cyborg hands .
also does n't anna throw daggers at her enemy and then shoot them with a motherfucking rocket launcher in her rage art ?
and in the midst of all that steve is still wearing his fucking boxing gloves not to hurt his opponent too much .
oh i did n't think consent would be an awkward topic in relationships for most people
installers make the best money if they are fast .
look at it this way if your computer were to get stolen tonight can you get to where you are now on a new computer with what you have in source control ?
if you opt not to use git lfs those larger files would n't be in the repo and the answer to that question would be no .
if you 're only using models etc from the asset store that you can re-download in that situation you might be able to make it work but because the asset store does n't allow for version pinning you 'd only be able to download the latest version which may be incompatible with what you 've made .
that 's the goal haha i 'd love to see abs one day but could n't figure out why i was getting squishier .
sabrina poirier a student at pensacola who withdrew in 1997 was disciplined for what is known on the campus as optical intercourse '' — staring too intently into the eyes of a member of the opposite sex .
that moncler puffer is a flex 💪 gon na look like an astronaut 👩‍🚀
i highly doubt ben shapiro watched an entire dave chappelle comedy special
while i agree that seems high considering how little they did you 're not only paying for what they do but for the years of experience and training condensed into a short interaction to tell them exactly what 's going on .
just a basic 555 smd led blinker but all parts are recycled from other boards or project including wires and pcb .
9v clip and bottom are from a spent battery .
hopefully this 'll put end to stupid belief that megalovania is n't sans ' theme .
seriously talk to the school admin they can help you and give advice .
whether its how to emancipate or how to placate .
there are systems set up in place for this very thing .
they will help you if you show them the texts .
that was all made up shit by the bush administration .
this has lots of good info in viewing the aurora even specific locations in the fairbanks area that are good for viewing .
may i ask why the germanic empires in that time were your ideal ?
i 'm very curious do n't see many bismarckians p
why have jails for people who break the law ?
let 's have compassion and let all the jailbirds free to rob/assault and sexualize freely .
i once made use of ms computer vision https docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/computer-vision/concept-detecting-adult-content to check for ‘adult and racy ' content on images that were being uploaded through a react front end .
you do need an azure account and i used a .net back end but i 'm sure aws has an equivalent for this .
thank you mate i 've just seen the post on this subreddit which said there is going to be a physical release but without a card so i 'll just buy it in the eshop
congratulations now the group with the most guns is the new state hurray !
that 's how states form i have guns do what i say.
troy is a siren but does not have powers but he can do some magic in collab with tyreen .
some of the western stars give an impression that they 're happy and some like it 's their dream come true .
moreover some study https io9.gizmodo.com/contrary-to-common-belief-female-porn-stars-have-great-5963415 mentioned porn-stars having higher self esteem etc etc .
i paid full price once the only set in stock anywhere nearby .
says a lot that i 'll keep paying for them despite trying alternatives !
its only a woman nothing special they equal to man yet dont act or behave equal.. and this aint nothing compared to what terrorist america and terrorist israel do
lol i remember listening to krispy kreme in middle school and thinking it was the baddest shit i 'd ever heard
i 'll be honest i saw this and realized i have class in 6 hours
lmao yea they 're not paying salaries and travel expenses shipping cameras overseas for these tv reporters to raise money .
sweden just did n't have the population to maintain itself as an imperial power
neither did prussia and yet they achieved well even in an age of mass mobilization sweden can do well of it takes over scandinavia which it might very well do in this situation .
so these workers will return to earn 50 cents an hour ?
2 an hour is more than my country 's median wage lol i dream of a job like this
hahahahaha thats funny yeah maybe i should n't be so easily annoyed .
i 've listened on a few different devices to both songs and the vocals are just way too low .
still the songs are great and ca n't wait for september 11th to get here .
i ordered the cassette lol and it got shipped yesterday .
loughborough and bath are the top sports science universities in the uk .
seconded i think one of the really important things going into cpr is understanding the context because a lot of times that gets lost in the details .
i have n't listened to dan robinson 's lectures going to now but i would recommend taking time to stop at each paragraph or sub argument or chapter and asking yourself if you understand how the material kant is covering fits into his larger goals or if you think it does at all .
that wo n't always be possible but it is a helpful guide to stay grounded '' as the material becomes increasingly abstract .
if nothing else i 'd be happy for the wrestlers as wrestling in msg is almost a pilgrimage of sorts .
i remember aj making a huge deal of it .
i mean a guy like jungle boy wrestling in msg when he would have previously had no chance let 's face it wwe are never giving him a look is a good feeling
round all the rich up their associates and families .
indica or hybrid indica dominant do this with her maybe 1.5 hrs before going to bed .
do not let her take hits too close to each other a hit every couple of mins would be fine .
indica because as you may know it is a body high that will ease her into full body relaxation which will cause her to fall asleep since it 'll be close to her actually falling asleep .
like petting a kitten to sleep.. this is how i got used to it and this is how i combatted bad trips .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
he was a rescue but we had him for 8 weeks before letting him outside .
i think other cats in the area chased him off as there was lots of cat yowling .
i was so upset and did all the things you did .
went out calling for him before work and once i came home .
set a humane cat trap and caught the same strangers cat four times ...
landed in spain and got a phone call saying someone found my cat .
i had had maybe six calls a day like this and it was never him .
a little housebound old lady had taken him in as she thought he was stray .
her grand son phoned me when he saw a poster which was literally nailed to her fence just 10 doors down from me .
we had knocked at her know several times but no answer because it was winter and always dark when i called round .
i guess what i am saying is do n't give up hope .
the best thing i did was find a ‘pets reunited ' group or such like for the local area .
they spread the word much better than i could 've done on my own .
i was known as the ‘cat woman ' this was a year ago today and they still ask me how .
y cat is ever since and met all lots of neighbours as we had also just moved house .
it 's exciting for them and they treat it like an adventure .
if the weather is good then they are probably outside playing if where you are is like where i am .
they 'll spot a big cat like your puss i 'm sure .
thank you i was plenty excited when i took this tho ! !
yeah and they have way more mls cups than the new york national team
one to land inside but it 's buggy and often times when you 've landed that ship which was parked '' inside will be broken because of the colliding phy
i mistook storing '' ships as landing/parking '' ships inside another .
also i never checked to see if the parked ship was taking damage from colliding with the 890 jump 's physics grid .
you may be right and the smaller ships were taking damage while the 890 jump maneuvered .
i 'll have to keep a closer eye on the smaller ships if i see this again .
do you mean putting in the cargo bay of another ship ?
if it is handled correctly we can avoid the yellow vest protest in france .
people will have to pay more upfront out of pocket that 's for sure .
the poors might get super upset but hopefully there is some incentives in place for the switch .
what 's tough is america public transport system is quite limited and that 's why we are having a harder time switching to more sustainable travel mode .
this is likely because you are not on the release version of the browser and the current advanced/test versions of the browser beta dev etc .
are known to have some inconsistencies in verification status detection .
this will be fixed before the overall version lands in the official stable release .
well when the gold runs out and most countries base the value of money with peppermint backing instead we 'll have a head start as the richest country with his skills .
i 'm a student from america and am ready to start my application for ubc .
i have read a lot about admission requirements and the degrees .
i have around a 3.4 gpa and a 24 act .
do you think i 'll have a good chance of getting in to arts ?
i am involved in multiple leadership positions varsity tennis and i volunteer often .
my grandpa was also an alumni and still is active and donates to the school .
she 's not posting photos of you in your undies .
you asked her to stop doing something she wanted to do .
if you do n't like it that 's your problem .
you are not entitled to control your girlfriend 's choices .
you could create a name range in these inputs matrix then you could use the sumproduct with 1 and 0 to get the result you want .
however i do not recommend excel use excel with data names so much compared to python and c. you should start learning to use it more dynamically .
used this as my search term distribute a flavored vapor product ''
there seems to be incredible energy with the campaign particularly these past few days .
you dont seem too familiar with how things work .
nothing fundamental will change exactly due to the reason i am talking about .
better dress like an onion instead of a muuuch to warm jacket/hoodie .
nothing brings forth a cold better that drying sweat on the body in winter😬
if not this possibly kessen since the first one was a launch title for ps2 .
same though my hallucinations while fully awake are generally random sounds with the occasional flash of light or something in my peripheral vision and do n't happen terribly often .
hypnagogic hallucinations on the other hand occur almost every night for me .
mercifully the rule has n't yet been invoked – and clearly it 's highly unlikely that it ever will be .
so infrequently do we see articles admit that they 're shitposts .
what do you think of bomat as others have suggested ?
i agreee that the delve cards can not be supported anymore which is how i got to thinking about the rotting dino .
i am really not much of a kelly fan but she had every right to be furious for the vicky cocaine comment !
it just takes one evil comment like that one to affect an entire family .
and to think of the bullying her daughter had to go through over other girls calling her mom a coke whore and the like .
i would have nothing to do with vicky ever show or no show .
i would put my foot down and refuse to film with her .
those gents handles parliament security guards on more than one occasion .
watching the weather up north so i can escape on weekends once it cools down up there ...
imo the map would be much easier to read with thinner borders between towns .
do you exclusively drink at pristine apple-store sterile bars ?
people like dive bars because they 're cheap and have character .
scarlxrds fire i wish there was a video of them togethar
most banks will report closed accounts with negative balances to chexsystems .
when that happens it will be nearly impossible to open another bank account for 5 years .
some banks offer 2nd chance '' accounts for people who have been blacklisted in chexsystems .
you can check the statute of limitations for the state you lived in at the time to see how long the bank has to come after you for the debt .
if you are over the sol you are no longer legally obligated to repay the debt but you will still have a very difficult time opening a new bank account until the negative mark falls off your chexsystems account .
numbers might be changing but it 's not like they have n't been happening for quite some time .
definitely a gecko if i had to guess i 'd say a mediterranean house gecko but i 'm not great with herps .
i swear i thought that kid in the background was a microphone
surely to get an accurate counter we would need a system that counts all traps as builds and if this becomes the case ssds and endurance become massively more difficult .
the white river is super low right now so tubing is not the best idea and long trail is not on the way to pico from rochester .
they 'd have to backtrack all the way down rt 4 from 100 .
if i remember correctly you are able to stop the retreat of your units once they get back to full morale even if they are still retreating .
i would love for you to list off every single player and their cap hit/what you think they are worth in order to back this statement up that almost every player is modestly overpaid .
crawlers we use these for moving modules around on large construction sites
i believe the odds are stacked but at their best tl can beat any team on any given day .
do you mean like a tower and not an individual speaker ?
you should know that every teacher has their own personal style and their own way to approach things .
your cooperating teacher 's style might be to ease you in slowly .
that being said interacting with students and building relationships are a core part of this profession .
before any teaching can happen you have to establish routines and start getting to know your students .
you got ta jump in and interact with the students in order to make the most of your student teaching .
check on their work greet them when they come in etc .
of course you should definitely work with your mentor teacher .
ask them what you can be doing to get more practice interacting with students .
your professor just wants you to gain the experience you need in order to be a successful teacher .
as far as working out your reservedness what has worked for me is to think teacher mode '' it is like putting on a mask and taking on the persona of a teacher .
this post is sponsored by the hydrohomies discord server https discord.gg/fafvjxb
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hydrohomies if you have any questions or concerns .
sorry for the miscount but that 's exactly my point as to why i see them as different country but the mainland does n't .
i think the prc is trying so hard to homogenize chinese people
our vision is to create a system that encourages players to try out different types of weapons and create a large amount of variety when it comes to gameplay opportunities . ''
there is an element of randomness when you get a loot drop – but it is not the core mechanic of the game nor is it fundamentally necessary to switch out a lower gear level gun you like just because you got a slightly higher gear level of a different weapon . ''
permanent weapons can still be unlocked via blueprints which can either be bought or found in the world .
every weapon in the game has a blueprint including the signature weapons of bosses .
once you get a weapon 's blueprint that weapon is yours forever .
with the blueprint unlocked you 'll be able to have that weapon made at your current level in erewhon your base of operations . ''
it 's comparable to the way players unlocked weapons via crates and killing bosses in wildlands except instead of unlocking the weapon itself you unlock a blueprint for it .
whatever the human enemy level you will always be able to eliminate them with a single headshot as long as they are not wearing a helmet – in which case you just need to land a shot once to remove it and then a second time to take them down .
... however high-level enemies are also more lethal and harder to sneak around and they 're very dangerous once you 're detected . ''
at the maximum difference in gear levels human enemies will take several more bullets to eliminate via body shots than human enemies at your current level .
the scaling of body shots to eliminate a target versus your difference in level has been carefully determined by our team so you 'll feel those differences but the encounters stay well within what is expected of a realistic military shooter .
... these differences can be counted in seconds or fractions of seconds and are small enough to not change the realistic feel of the game although encounters with higher-level enemies will definitely be harder and require you to be more patient and focused like a real ghost should be . ''
weapon bonuses affected by their rarity generally affect things like vertical and horizontal recoil spread and reload speed '' and are always going to respect the feel of the game and wo n't add completely unrealistic abilities . ''
that being said they are never going to be mandatory in order to tackle the hardest challenges of the game . ''
once you have upgraded a weapon all versions of it will keep these upgrades .
this allows players to improve their favorite weapons while they are leveling up throughout the game . ''
h aving a higher gear level will help you more easily take on tougher drone enemies .
likewise enemies with a significantly higher gear level than your ghost will naturally be harder to sneak up on and will do more damage to you than those of a closer gear level as the quality of their equipment exceeds yours . ''
it 's a pretty good price for a 92a1 .
they are n't as common as the 92fs and feature a rail and dove tail front sight .
if a rail is important to you this would be a great choice given the next best thing with a rail will be a m9 variant .
rather than repeat myself look at my other response to someone else ?
we really ruined his life by giving him a shit ton of money and sending him to the browns .
if they do n't hit the cap they have to pay others more due to the salary floor .
btw they 're within 2 of the cap this year ... but do n't let that interrupt your argument .
at the end for you to understand these points or can you just read them ?
bo2 best in the series imo and plenty people still play online
if a gm gives him a fat contract after the steelers and raiders debacles ... lol
from what i can tell there is green yellowish green yellow reddish yellow and red .
i bought mine a few weeks ago in toronto and a second one and they both seem to do it .
if for you just a pose like his one and that look is called sexualized then fine .
if it bothers you just keep scrolling and let those who actually appreciate sexualized minda '' post more constructive comments .
yeah just found the painted mini 's subreddit moving over there now .
i print dice and props but have n't used rhino to make any mini 's yet .
i think i may try it cad style now instead of buying them .
your dick is probably mediocre if you have to hype it up
just accepted a new job that literally more than doubled my pay .
i want to see the video where they clean up the mulch .
if i like the recipe i keep it and make it public for sharing then copy it onto a recipe card because my recipe box is beautiful and it makes me happy .
if i did n't like it i delete it .
yes it will if your engine is designed for premium .
i guess he wanted go say fuck yea gfnow as in he likes it
yeah on my small town community facebook page i 've seen several mothers seeking recommendations for homeopathic physicians .
so sad there 's such distrust toward empirical medicine .
not who you asked but interested in the discussion .
you guys have to get neutrals into those seats first imo .
people are always going to travel to nashville well so it 's gon na be tough winning the numbers game outright .
but i think you start by just trying to get people in the seats in general that are n't explicitly away fans even if they 're not really sold on vandy either .
and you 've got to create the perception that vandy exists within the community of nashville and not above it so fans realize oh yeah this can be my team .
if i were you guys i 'd be giving away as much free gear as i could .
things to create goodwill and positive thoughts about vandy .
i think you should task/support local alumni to put in some work in that regard .
this is the best shot you 'll have to steal initial local fandom from neutrals while tennessee is dead .
eventually our resources will catch back up to at least be average and it will be harder .
so you 're now basing you security on the government would n't possibly do that '' .
however if he 's weight bearing there 's low suspicion of a fracture meaning they were more likely to put the pain down to msk .
it 's the best and safest method if you carry low 20 pills .
even if they touch your peepee which they legally cant they wont find shit .
now the da is saying the woman who took her was the only one involved in her death .
it 's just that they do n't want the servers rammed all at once
neither in the hospital or the game and yet trapper can get it done in certain spots
this post was removed because it is not from an approved domain .
note that all users using imgur need to link directly to the image i.imgur.com/abcdefg.png not the html page imgur.com/abcdefg .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gilf if you have any questions or concerns .
you do n't know if he is controlling and irrational .
she needs to support him and help him with his insecurities .
if you think he needs to do this alone then you do n't know what it takes to have a successful relationship .
bob most likely had a lot of contempt for the weekly news magazines back then .
a few years before newsweek had ran an article claiming that he had stolen or bought 'blowing in the wind ' from another guy .
the point is that california is reliably democrat and so he wo n't get those electoral votes anyway .
no that 's play conservative with the occasional gimmick play that costs us either yards or tempo which we do n't need to be doing .
i know but the description says there is no age restriction
when you say actively promoting are you doing paid ads or are you hustling on social media to do it yourself ?
how long are your articles that 's quite a bit of content to push out per day .
did u happen to get it signed at their siege event ?
if this use of english is anything to go by you might just be right .
this sub is about kids doing stupid stuff there 's never any hatred unless it 's stuff like this with animals .
people are pissed about how he 's treating the poor cat and that his parents do n't give a shit to correct him .
99 of the people here do n't hate children .
not sure how much it 's gon na be ... it 's gon na be a small dose .
is it safe to take it along with my daily meds ?
that looks like it 's from the guitar fever plug n play or something .
he told the players to lie to investigators so he would n't get caught paying the players tuition .
he tried to smear dennehy 's name to clear his .
eygon is n't as much of a caster or cleric in that sense but he is in the order of havel 's apostle morne .
so that 's pretty religious enough to consider him at leaat some form of cleric i guess .
when it refers to the dc app id it is referring to your name right not the bar code thing ?
i think you can get a really good compariossion at digital foundry on youtube .
they count the resolutions and do frame rate tests .
the switch got some updates that made it a bit netter but still dropps here and there .
i 'd like to know that answer as well at least in the context of what he knew about the organization and how he did n't know that they so actively lobbied against lgbtq rights .
filtered angled edited terrible pic for an honest rate .
you 've been eating exactly the amount to stay at 165 lbs .
you know how much food it takes for you to be 165 at 6'2 .
track what you are eating and count the cals for a few days using myfitnesspal or similar .
then start eating more every fucking day by 500-700 cals to grow .
when you stop growing at that level of cals add another 300 cals .
if you ca n't grow without steroids you wo n't grow with them if you do n't understand that excess calories are needed to grow .
if you are n't growing you are n't eating excess calories .
do not be an idiot and rush into steroids and definitely do n't rush into useless short liver injuring gyno causing cycles oral only .
if you go through with it you will gain water then lose it all after .
might get a nice set of tiddies to go with it .
good to know going to go check out the local bike shop now to see what else is there .
and now they have tens of thousands of nukes stocked up .
what makes the game a broken mess '' and why do you think this game is legitimately the worst game i 've ever played '' ?
no anatomy cadavers may be taken home by students after class
uh boats ride higher in the water the faster they go .
you 're probably thinking of recreational boats while i was referring to among the largest of ocean-going ships .
the squat effect is the hydrodynamic phenomenon by which a vessel moving quickly through shallow water creates an area of lowered pressure that causes the ship to be closer to the seabed than would otherwise be expected .
this phenomenon is caused when water that should normally flow under the hull encounters resistance due to the close proximity of the hull to the seabed .
edit that wiki actually references the sister ship of the ship in the article i posted earlier .
it says that the squat lowered the ship by 30cm .
edit i meant to ask is this located at ballina or is there another big prawn lurking around australia .
as much as 0.2 of gdp over 15 years .
well how about you make a smart adulting rule where if the ac is on you dont open the windows .
honestly the 70-73 sounds reasonable but for god sakes do n't just open all the windows with the ac running .
it took me a few months with a couple of hours a week to get the core framework in .
it 's been through that cycle and refactoring two or three more times like that since the beginning to where it is now 3 years later .
making an rts within factorio is n't that hard and does n't affect ups as much as people think .
if it was done natively to the game engine in c it could be fine for massive scales !
it would be nice to see the actual context instead of an ad
anyone notice right when the russiagate thing was getting discovered the first thing they did was start saying how innocent pence was in all of it .
i took that as protecting the backup '' if impeachment occurred .
it 's very telling when they focus on emphatically saying something is true in this administration you can almost guarantee it 's not .
i 'm mostly concerned with the fact that the landlord mislead me about the number of people i would be living with .
i have lived with other roommates before for 2 years and had agreed upon quiet hours from 11:00pm-6am .
is that a reasonable request for someone who works full time ?
what 's crazy is when the storm was still well south of us and they were outlining the potential threats once it got up here tornadoes were the only one that they said were unlikely '' because conditions were n't favorable . ''
and now they 've spent the entire day tracking tornado warnings all over the place .
a few questions what protocol are you using and are you using the pads or ear-clips ?
the ear-clips will give a sting if you dont use a conductive electrode gell .
also turn down the intensity to the lowest level .
believe it or not the intensity does n't really make a difference .
i 've used low and high with same results .
i believe the higher intensity is for skin types that have a higher resistance to electric current .
also sometimes i had gotten a sting with the positioning of the pads .
and use an aloe vera gel for sensitive skin for the clips .
you do n't need to buy expensive electrode gels .
very very impressed with krystal ball 's analysis particularly for a news anchor . ''
youll find more ocean temples if you keep on boating as well
it 's not 100 about the toughness vs vitality question but it 's relevant for the survival '' part .
if you do n't already have it in open world i would recommend picking invigorating precisions https wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/invigorating_precision in critical strikes grandmaster bottom to give a great sustain that gets better and better with the number of enemies you hit p
i was looking for a cheap extended mouse pad to upgrade from my current amazon basics mouse pad it 's around 2 years old and it 's already flaying from the sides .
i had one like this who would say some shit like that while smirking with her smug face .
i bet that was hard but it sounds like she was at her happiest 3
that 'several ' means just a number higher than one .
i thought it was a term form 7 like 'double ' for two .
so if you had several of something you just had 7 .
do you actually know for a fact that the us has a particularly high divorce rate ?
divorce rate 2.9 per 1,000 population 45 reporting states and d.c .
there were 8.4 divorces of opposite-sex couples per 1,000 married men and women in 2017
so is something like pubs owned by fuller 's or samuel smith 's big chain '' in this sense ?
because i stopped by some of those on a recent trip to london picking out ones with good reviews they all served their own thing and the food ranged from pretty good to very good by bar food standards and was relatively inexpensive .
but my main source of food were various middle eastern and indian places .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
just want to show them why youre making this post
... how did he know that you were the one who bought them ?
damn that is so fucking sexyyy crotchless would have been the way to go though
getting estimates from the most expensive shops is to try to get it totaled is a waste of time .
insurance does n't go by you choosing the most expensive shop to decide what repair costs are .
they would only pay prevailing rates for parts and labor for repairs regardless if you get a quote from the most expensive shop in town .
op total loss thresholds are often governed by the state .
a general rule of thumb is if repairs are roughly 75 of value it 's totaled .
but from the sounds of the damage i 'd hazard a guess that it 's totaled .
chronicles of riddick and x-men origins wolverine come to mind .
stuff like shadow of mordor probably does n't exactly count since it 's more based on middle-earth as a whole .
i do n't think it 's garbage but the first one is definitely the best one .
if you hold to execution there 's no need to unload !
the first thing that popped in my head is jay leno but damn that 's cool .
if you feel vindictive enough hide it from your mother until the day of the wedding .
fortunately i found one online on rush order ill be getting hopefully on time .
even though the style of veil i want is extremely simple i 'm no good at that sort of thing .
true but plenty of work remains the mountain germans swamp germans and snow germans are begging for unification i can practically hear it .
i 've been hoarding pagers for years soon it 'll be my time !
surely you can see that the lnp death grip on industrial era power generation trickle down economics is not doing us or them any favours .
funny how that boom resulted in a lot of money made from minerals mined on crown land does n't seem to have helped the populace any unlike any other country who established a sovereign fund .
but as long as the lnp puppet masters get to take what they want while we 're too weak servile and distracted to do anything right ?
i had no idea what isnt was until i started paying more xd
i 'm sorry i do not understand that statment .
yeah let 's ignore meltzer ripping them about the pyro and the dog .
you had me all the way up to an actually journalist '' .
so intergalactic travel in seconds a teleporting zombie lion future vision and alien human hybrids are all beat out by this ?
i mean ca n't they just install those little metal plates they use in tap shoes on the bottom of his flip flops ?
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
i 'm just pointing out like why do we need this many forms ?
everyone is saying we ca n't have 1000 pokémon in a game but yet this is ok ?
we could have had 40 new pokémon or 40 old pokémon .
juice as fuck all about that permabullk life look at his traps 😂 look like mountains
every time i watch i ca n't help but get the feeling that ewan is covering his face the way he is because he 's trying not to laugh .
i 'll just leave this here as proof of how easy it is to trick people into doing truly stupid shit .
getting a cop 's login and phone would be easier .
what is the line under the days of the week ?
i like how you made mcgovern look like hes from the western suburbs and has an iq of 42 .
this helps because it 's what i 'd anticipated for running a 10 the first of which i 'm doing later this month .
that is a lizard being eaten not a snake .
but there is a healthy amount of game modes .
it definitely can get you 40 worth but it 's really one of those if it has 40 of value to you then it 's a good buy '' kinda things .
with swsh being based on the uk i deeply hope we have options for indian curry !
or at least our weird versions of it like chicken tikka
i wish controlling mecha in nier automata was like this
i had read the wiki but it just had n't clicked .
this applies to a surprizing number of girls as well .
haha aperently people on art group do n't agree as they just kicked me out saying that its nit an art what i 'm doing d
i was about to say for someone who seems to have his life in order that 's a lot of weight you 're putting on random internet points from people you do n't know bro lol
price will be high thanks to edh players ... arcane signet seriously .
that 's because the gardai are not bothered about that area they are served by clontarf garda station who wo n't come down past the station
if he had the pill on him he had n't yet used that particular pill .
all they have to do is hold on to automated delivery take the established market share costs go through the floor and they laugh all the way to the bank..
agreed a remaster would make it look a little less blurry perhaps add some updated lighting and ramp the framerate up .
that to me looks like a brand new character model and as you have said releasing an cut area .
yes but i used the iron boots to get down there before i even realized the golden scale existed .
they might work fine but they will have lost a good deal of capacity for sure .
15-20 would be my guess and that is if they were stored at room temp not in some sweltering warehouse made from corrugated sheet metal somewhere in malaysia or wherever they were made .
i agree this is n't a cure all solution but just educating people is n't enough to change consumption behaviours .
and while i would personally welcome reduced prices for healthier foods the article points out that it would be less effective as it would mostly benefit those already buying healthier foods rather than deterring people from buying the unhealthy options .
basically we live in an obesogenic environment and just telling people at risk to make the right decision and just eat better is fighting a losing battle .
it 's easier to nudge people 's behaviours by making reducing opportunities to make bad decisions like by making it a wee bit more expensive and limiting exposure to unhealthy foods and advertising .
potevi farlo con when diavolo start a fight against giorno and he hears piano music starting ed era ancora meglio se non traducevi la frase di borghese visto che diavolo è italiano
you ai n't the first person to be sad .
yea man totally were just like here to have a good time maaan .
if you 're that close why did n't she drive you .
if you legit had a stroke that 's what you should have done .
cedi and that guy who also bricked two ft 's at the end of the usa game will have nightmares of those ft 's for quite a while should they get eliminated today by czechs .
i actually really understand your point about elites not necessarily being a thing .
i like to think of the elites we see as maybe higher ranked opponents or squad leaders .
at least on hard and below challenge and heroic are a whole different story lol .
and yeah i thought so about the agents having something special towards them .
unlike the ones that did die we are the true bullet sponges do n't you think ?
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
would also use toggle if it was like this i guess getting old and holding buttons for long times every night is not the healthiest thing to do for arms/wirsts ...
okay ladies i 'm here to help with the chin thing .
if you 'll quickly push your face forward head only the chins get stretched out into neck instead .
you may be reacting by actually backing your head away from the camera and you 'll get chins galore that way .
if you can lengthen your neck and push head forward you 'll look much younger .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
it was so silly of me that i did n't listen to what people in this sub had to say and stupidly bought it .
you are doing something a lot of people unfortunately ca n't so i hope you are proud of that and you should be ! !
i 'm happy reddit have so many people who seem to be experts on the area like you .
no way the reason they are investing money is because they are getting it back right ?
it seems you yourself set a boundary between criticizing and commentating
by the look of it the queens brother is the king .
i mean i only saw a headline but it seemed the core takeaway from beige book was fundamentals are still solid
my loadout is always either arbalest oxygen and hammerhead .
uv light causes cancer so true or not hamon still could probably cause cancer .
how would you feel if you were being stared at by someone a lot stronger and less emotionally stable than you ?
the moon stand was one of the first introduced .
downvote this if you have to work tomorrow and you ca n't drink tonight
uhhhh i had no freaking clue immortal was v i was asking in ratedepics chat who played him .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i wish riot would remove this broken design it 's just awful .
the uk is going through the same transformation process that has flooded many other countries like the us hungary poland etc .
the far right dominates politics and spread hatred all over the society .
i hope the uk will leave the eu soon and finally .
there are enough hate and white supremacists on the continent do n't need more of that by farage johnson .
i still remember when bethesda said they would increase the mod console size on xbox .
to be rated on r/rateme a verification picture is required as stated in rule 8 .
one photo should include a handmade sign that says r/rateme and your exact reddit username .
if you have not added a verification picture please make a new post that includes one as your current post will not appear .
moderators reserve the right to question the authenticity of any submission .
if your current post does include your verification and follows the 7 other rules on the sidebar sit back and relax !
if your submission does not appear within 16 hours please message the moderator team .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rateme if you have any questions or concerns .
if you mean the real nestea version it was pretty similar
if by the real one '' you mean thai milk tea thats homemade '' idk how they make it from stalls and stuff its not as good tastes more artificially sweet but i 'll still drink and enjoy it
cost me 90 thb for 13 sachets soooooo im not gon na be too harsh on it lol thats about a quarter per drink
keane is too detached from his emotional side to realise he is just sad that fergie and him are n't close anymore because they are both stubborn twats
if you really think that then i 've got a bridge to sell you .
he 's admitted in court to playing a character .
it 's still possible to look at both sides .
that evidence can come from sources other than an unreliable witness .
lee dawson in a youtuber and also i think he edits nina 's videos
ay no prob im not blaming anyone in the end
when do you think the 3ds will be fully discontinued ?
i know the new 3ds xl has been discontinued now and the new 2ds xl/2ds remain .
this happened to me many years ago at a house part in high school i still think about it to this day lol no advice but you are n't alone !
and guaranteed no one has thought about it since except ourselves !
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags pc ps3 ps4 xb360 or xb1 .
properly tagging your posts will prevent this from happening for future submissions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/destinylfg if you have any questions or concerns .
just unfortunately there 's sometimes a fucked up person behind the mask .
i fucking called it in my head just before entering this sub you were gon na put the baby good shelleton this is great
during his initial visit when he placed his hands on you were you ill at the time and did a healing take place ?
he sounds like a higher density being of light as described in the law of one http www.lawofone.info .
our dog is mostly pit but does n't look it much as he 's also part husky and shepherd but the dead giveaway from his mom 's pitty genes is that he does this identically .
ears back hyper wiggly tail and butt happy pacing while carrying something in his mouth .
idk man we peel oranges and then put them back into plastic containers as unpeeled oranges .
no but the fact that he 's willing to stop is a sign to me that op is focussed/willing to make sacrifices for his study .
if youre asking about which one you should start playing on then
1.if we rank competitiveness then it will be sea na glob eu glob
i just hate people who complain and do n't try and do something to fix it.. you do n't like the way something is done fix it .
start your company and give away free energy or just stop complaining and find ways around .
i thought for a hot second there that you were talking about doge before i scrolled back up and realized who made the post .
either you do have social skills and you 're just kinda an anxious/nervous person or you 're surrounded by shitty people who wo n't be there when you start focusing on you in your life .
what sucks is the awakening you 're in for it hits and it hits hard lol
and if it 's lowfiber like fluffy white bread it 's not recommended for diets post-tia but can be fine for weight loss .
i was only trying to be clear that weight loss only requires a deficit but some medical conditions require more specific diets to reduce risk of more serious conditions .
that was a bug they fixed it about 2 days later works fine again
please review the posting rules http www.reddit.com/r/fantasyfootball/wiki/rules_guidelines and if you believe that your link is valid message the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffantasyfootball and they 'll double check .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fantasyfootball if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm really surprised you get that vibe from her !
from what i 've seen she still goes out without makeup pretty often i 've always liked that she did n't feel the need to wear makeup out all the time even with her rosacea idk that felt opposite of perfect insta girl to me .
she does have eyelash extensions as of recently which makes her look kind of made up even with no makeup on tho .
she also talked about postpartum and how difficult it is emotionally and i thought it was nice she opened up about that and that it was n't only surfacy stuff .
it 's really interesting that we can watch the same thing and get different impressions from it but there are so many gurus people love or hate so i totally get it !
i totally agree that her spending is unrelatable tho she bought an insane amount of things for her baby i mean i feel like she has three of those bouncy holder things ?
i 'm usually the only car parked on the road though .
i guess it could 've happened at the grocery store or something .
try to see if you can do the trim on the ground at her level ... also often placing one arm over their back and holding them down just a little while you check on something makes them feel more secure and they are less likely to squirm or try to get away hence two sets of hands may help .
also try doing it in a less familiar place to him like where he does n't spend much time and does n't feel very conformable running away this will make it faster and easier for both of you .
to get the bunny more used to nail clippings try to establish a clear reward mechanism for example show the bunny two blueberries .
give one right away and the other right after you are done .
over a couple times this will build more positive associations with nail trimming as a reward will expected .
tip in case there is any bleeding use corn start to put over the little nail and the bleeding will stop .
it 's not pleasant but it happens and it wo n't hurt the bunny.. just scare them .
take a look at some of the resources below they should really help make tell you exactly what to do .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=othczjbraqi https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=othczjbraqi great video on nail trimming shows you what to do for black nails
great advice here also on how to handle nails https www.reddit.com/r/rabbits/comments/adof8k/first\_ever\_successful\_nail\_clipping\_by\_me\_and\_not https www.reddit.com/r/rabbits/comments/adof8k/first_ever_successful_nail_clipping_by_me_and_not and here https www.reddit.com/r/rabbits/comments/9k00rq/were\_trying\_to\_get\_him\_used\_to\_being\_held\_as\_of https www.reddit.com/r/rabbits/comments/9k00rq/were_trying_to_get_him_used_to_being_held_as_of and here
instead we add a scoreboard with every stats known to man
and wake up with some wicked cowlicks that i 'll pretty much need to get in the shower to sort out ?
be glad you are n't in fl today post storm heat indexes are in the high 100s for orlando today and the rest of us here too and expected to remain in that area for the rest if the week .
i mean if you want to compare the 2 wes was extremely hated by the fan base before .
a community day where every ditto disguise that is now shiny and no longer can be ditto and you can get shiny dittos from it too
stock up on soft foods look into some less boring options .
it should be up to the performers and what they are comfortable with .
you 've gained 3 axis points for reciting all the teachings maniacally in one breath !
and because you can get things done even if it does n't go well it 's not your fault !
it 's society 's fault that things do n't work out !
because as they say sometimes running away is winning '' !
the answer you come to after being in doubt is usually something you 'll regret no matter what you choose !
if you 're going to regret it anyways do whatever 's easiest for you in the moment !
if criminals have human rights then neets also have human rights !
you should not be ashamed of being a neet nothing beats living through life without having to work !
drink when you want and eat when you want !
because you wo n't know if you 'll be able to eat that again tomorrow !
not even god knows whether or not you will be happy in the future so you should at least be happy now !
whether you 're a lolicon or a neet or a kemomimi lover with the exception of undead or devil girls as long as there is love and does n't break the law everything will be forgiven .
i am a bot created to spread faith for the wonderful and divine water goddess aqua !
reply ! join '' to this bot to join the blessed axis order today !
help wiki https www.reddit.com/r/axisorderbot/wiki/index point rankings https www.reddit.com/r/axisorderbot/wiki/ranking official pray thread https www.reddit.com/r/axisorderbot/comments/arir7y/official_pray_thread_3
lewis on the field for the 1st play of the 100th nfl season
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
not an official game thread until we complain about commercials .
just had the truffle tonight and it was awesome i got ta go pick up the other two they have
which way are we talking here i 'm not entirely sure hah .
he said that he easily climbs down i forget the detail but the way he tied the rope he did it without touching the tree with his hands
not true considering like 50 of the class of top schools come from
no offense but i 'm glad to see you go .
😁 hopefully it 's something easier to treat though .
if people did n't keep it to the feedback thread then the subreddit would be overrun and nothing of actual value tutorials drum kits etc would be seen .
the real issue is that you 're just asking questions and making assumptions rather than actually researching any of this .
do you want help looking up how much batteries and transmission lines cost ?
or to look into your supposition about nuclear lifespan ?
or would you rather just make baseless assertions unchallenged ?
oh i would love to have both of those systems but i spent almost all of my money on vacation like a stupid fucking tourist tends to do😂 aka me
well for starters in order to actually understand what gamergate is at the very basic you need to have at least two brain cells and the ability to think for yourself .
which the anti-gg people do n't seem to have .
so no matter how much proof there is no matter what you say they 're going to reeeeeee it away .
what cathy did is good for those who are still !
out of the loop heard about gg indirectly and want to get more info and are capable of analyzing both sides of an issue .
listen beautiful person you absolute use of human life i could give less of a shit if my japanese animated shows relate to this meme but which hoes ?
are they hot ? all you intelligent humans go around socializing everywhere if one of you people do n't tell me which hoes are mad i will go out of my way to find out .
i see it more as offloading her problems onto someone else and giving up .
she did n't unbubble bismuth she did n't come back to spinel she just left those problems and the entire war with homeworld for steven to deal with .
i 'll try and find the data but if you look at competitive the us has by and large the most amount of players and the us accounts 2/3rds of fortnites total revenue .
so even if were not we have the most financial pull .
but epic is a pretty calculated company and plays their cards at the right time to benefit them as much as possible .
i mean we already saw them do this with the apex update and support a creator code release when their numbers were being threatened .
it 's not a far stretch to think they would make changes based on who 's playing their game at the time .
sure it could be a coincidence but this is the second time it 's happened this same way .
i really do n't think it 's that outlandish to think they 're doing it on purpose .
especially when you realize that they are a business and their income is dependant on happy players .
can we please get the 747 planes .. customize inside and pilot .
though i did n't truly know mine until recently .
now thats not very family friendly for a minecraft post
i 'm thai and i personally fry the curry paste in the beginning with a spoonful of coconut milk instead of oil as it makes it a little more fragrant .
i also recommend pailin 's kitchen on youtube her recipes are my go to .
in the settings of uncover or swipe down on chimera .
i read infiltration and it felt like it was poorly slapped together in order to make money or fame off one of the worst crises the church has ever faced
that 's your feelings though i 'm not convinced since people are repeating this character assessment verbatim without any explanation coming from the actual book .
take em for a run on pavement once or twice a week it 'll file em down and they 'll never notice .
he played old town road ... the whole crowd lost momentum and looked confused .
it does n't get a lot of participation outside of the special events like petit le mans sebring 12hrs and daytona 24 .
it 's a lot like a gte just a little faster and rougher around the edges .
victoria police doing nothing as usual letting the terrorists win
i usually try on some new bras and often i 'm shocked at how good they feel by comparison haha .
i 'm also often guilty of forgetting to tighten and adjust my bras so sometimes just doing that tightening the straps and hooking tighter for the band makes a big difference .
i told you that hormones make us into survival robots and that robots are bad .
you reply that yes we are survival robots and very good ones .
and a vague statement about nature 's balance '' which has utterly zero relevance as far as i can see .
and you completely ignored my actual point that robots are bad .
me to players i demand you all play better than last time
i 'm not sure what kind of shitty filter that is but freddie freeman is 10000x more handsome than the monster in that picture .
if you are seeing a physio for rehab and he is n't tracking everything you need a new physio
when my daughter was 3 she had a kid in her class named xiamaralys .
that whole class of 3 year old could get this kid 's name right .
i 'm currently making 13,000rmb i 'll let you figure out how much that 'd be in your currency a month .
however as i said before i 'm not in a huge expensive city .
so i 'd say my saving potential per month is 10,000rmb if i decided to live frugally .
on top of that because i 'm working at a training center my hours are based on when kids wo n't be in school .
so i only work 30 hours a week and my hours are such that i can easily have a part time job in a kindergarten for example which would normally pay around 8000rmb for 15 hours a week .
i do n't have the most energy in the world so i can get burnt out a little easily when i 'm working a part time job too .
but that 'd raise my potential savings to around 18,000rmb a month .
my training school also gives me 1500rmb a month towards my apartments rent which i live in with my girlfriend yes she 's chinese .
technically the state owns the land and whoever owns property should be allowed to decide who is allowed to enter .
however im against the state owning so much land and think more land should be privatizised .
i think if someone enters a border illegally the ice should be allowed to catch that person make him pay a fine for the deployment and then drive him back across the border .
if the ice does morr than that it violates the nap of the immigrant .
actually for guardian/mystic/warrior i feel like they 're more subclass-like than anything .
to be fair it prob looked worse at field level in real time
affirm a detransitioner just as you were trained to affirm a transitioner .
just like a broken clock is correct twice a day this scripture verse gives a short summary of why this is untenable
no man can serve two masters for either he will hate the one and love the other or else he will hold to the one and despise the other.
if the professionals allow themselves to think even as a thought experiment that a medical detransitioner 's views are as valid as a medical transitioner 's they wo n't be able to help noticing the asymmetry between the two that is that someone who has t undergone medical transition can usually begin but someone who has already undergone one usually ca n't reverse many of its scars .
if they allow that thought to enter their mind they wo n't be able to stop themselves from suspecting that medical transition might actually be a form of medical malpractice that violates the hippocratic oath .
i 'm on motorola z3 and experiencing the exact same thing .
if you really want to spend a lot of time building something there 's a great official api you can use to bring over the same information and more but it 'll take a bit of time .
replace col2 offset 1 with to see all three columns .
do yourself a favor and play at least until you get the dash .
it really starts slow but try to allow yourself to get immersed in the world .
for me a nice hit of some quality weed and some headphones in my switch and i 'm in that shit .
the worldbuilding and atmosphere and exploration in that game is top notch and while the combat is a bit more simple compared to other combat heavy games like sekiro or god of war or dark souls its still really satisfying and can be quite challenging too
remember that time we took 2 from the dodgers and it looked like we would compete for a wild card spot
f'reals though without pitching we 're never getting anywhere .
agreed but if used right you can do help people pretty steadily on a one on one basis
behemoth kicked things off ay 5:30pm and slipknot went on around 9:15
have n't touched the game since 2.0 and following all the patches since .
want to have a whole new experience and rediscover the game .
i am moving to tx in a couple of weeks
so you just wipe the poop with paper til you cant see it anymore ?
no i used the word in reference to the fact that you attacked me as a person rather than my argument so maybe it 's you who has no fucking clue what he 's talking about
i hope they do n't actually call pi here it was miniscule and i want to to be used for clears fouls not ticky-tacky shit .
i said boomers are dumb as evidenced by their voting for trump and denial of climate change .
you have until 09/06 10:47 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20190907t024757 .
it 's 1st and 10 on the north carolina 35 .
u/mile114 reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' czk0us ''
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
i would rule out fuel efficiency because your options are tesla which is electric or some other uber expensive awd hybrid .
i would look at golf r focus rs audi a4 or s4 depending on how sporty you want .
they range between 25-30 mpg highway depending on how you drive .
not aweful but i would n't call them efficient .
also require premium gas which sucks if you travel a lot .
i consider myself masterfully knowledgeable at cgi creation comb through my past threads and i 've explained that graphics could in fact exceed most standards and look in fact as good as most cgi .
i argue with video evidence that we are getting screwed .
most of the character models and assets seen in that cgi would take about half a day for any expertly knowledgeable cgi artist to create .
i blinked once and the round is over lol .
if my therapist told me to speak to a higher power i would probably find a new therapist .
no judgment if your situation and belief system are different .
it 's my mothers fault she passed along the curse ... ... . how many leading up to that ?
parties with your gay social network you should be cultivating are great for meeting guys to date .
if you pop over to pcpartpicker.com and build your planned build in it it displays min recommended power
well iron beagle it will be brighter days ahead ... . surround yourself with thinking feeling individuals mormon or not in st. george .
keep your temple rec if only to go and reinforce your instincts about tscc .
you do n't have to go on a mission .
you do have to plan a fulfilling life of your choosing .
keep temple rec you renewed before leaving and go just to experience the awkwardness of it .
once you own up to not going on a mission drop temple rec and plan for the future .
the importance of what you feel is right far outweighs what others think is right .
why even bother to challenge that fucking refs are biased as fuck they fear for their lives in that shit hole chicago .
nurses are good people normally and intelligent normally and well aware of health risks yet most nurses smoke .
it 's not shocking to me that they would also be sucked into an mlm either .
luckily my mother does n't sell mlms but she does buy from them regularly .
i mean when you do an acl what else are you going to do for that long to keep fit other than lift weights ?
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
if you feel that your post was removed in error or you are unsure about why this post was removed then please reply to this message or contact us through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/notlikeothergirls .
if it was removed because it was a repost then do n't bother messaging .
i 'm sorry you have n't seen it before but it 's been posted here .
a good rule of thumb is if you saw it shared on facebook there 's a 99 chance it 's been here .
if you crossposted and your post was removed as a repost then someone else probably beat you to the punch .
please keep in mind that if you 're a butt to mods it results in an auto ban .
ai n't nobody got time for that kind of behavior .
this comment is not meant to insult you personally in any way and the mods probably hold no ill will toward you for posting this despite it violating one or more rule .
i feel like this guy got social awkwardness problem .
remember the adinda/kakanda pseudo love letter he publicly posted addressed to nur izzah ?
i do n't know what it is about this post but your retelling of this moment in phishtory has me cracking up .
i bought reddit coins for the first time so i could do the award thing .
is it a repost or is it not from reddit and he decided to commit plagiarism
some of this i already do but there are definitely some good tips i did n't think of .
i mean they 'll probably retcon that palp did it somehow .
the fo was one of his contingencies after all .
amazingly i cancelled cox today and they did n't try to beg me to stay .
although i did say i was moving to a place that provided internet so you ca n't say much to that i guess .
get a ryzen 1200 instead if you really want to save money but i think you should get a 6 core .
either ryzen 2600 or 9400f is on sale for 129 now .
honestly these gloves that have the wrist guards built into them .
not only are they warm they stay pretty dry .
or my speaker because i 've figured out that it keeps people at a safe distance and people hear you coming so they move out of the way when coming to turns still ca n't figure out why there are cluster fucks right at the turns .
hl if you wan na win in low mmr lb if you wan na be meh anywhere and look cool doing it .
daaam your neck is that long and flexible or is your dick the elephants trunk
your post has been removed as it violates our rules .
no asking for upvotes in any way shape or form .
that includes 'can we get this to lwiay ' and similair phrases .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pewdiepiesubmissions if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't work at a casino but i was at the parq in vancouver this weekend and a guy at the roulette table was hitting on the pit boss and talking about how much he hates his wife and how shitty his children were .
as a bartender/cocktail server people would tell me how much they loved me and i 'd tell them to show me with my tip .
d xbox one is a way better as you can check in my gameplay on youtube .
the sun is a nucleus and the planets are like electrons and our solar system is just an atom of the next level up .
my body is made of atoms with empty space in between so at the atomic level i look like a galaxy .
this could suggest that our galaxy is also a consciousness that we live inside of .
the scene where his and mcbride 's characters splash lsd all over themselves and trip balls https youtu.be/-ofy59ckvvu is one of my favorites in the show .
but he was good enough to get robinson 7 catches for over 100 yards .
has a decent amount of explanation in show which is cool i guess .
what would be a good team for the athensphere 's revenge frontier rift ?
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
tauntauns are just all around better value and also in a less contested force org slot .
the blade is held close enough to the frame that snagging is not an issue .
it does gather pocket shmutz readily but it 's a fair trade off for the one-handed opening capability .
for the price currently around 35 the value convenience materials and overall quality made it an easy purchase .
i jacked off to this groups of verses when i was a kid and had no dirty magazines to look at .
you and everyone replying got downvoted but no one responded why .
anyone with experience any to explain what would happen if they went too slow while filling the tanks ?
a pro bowl alternate to the pro bowl alternate lmao but ok whatever floats your boat .
the way heat is transmitted depends on the section and length of the material it has to pass the thermal conductivity coefficient of that material and the delta of temperature between the ends .
as such it will go faster through a big section but small in length than through a small section longer stretch of material .
just because you saw a figure of the flow showing arrows up does n't mean it prefers up direction .
the normal to surface is just showing how it transfers between two materials at the contact point
there is nothing in life that can not be solved by a little penis sucking
why the fuck is he doing this to an astartes in armor ?
love the show but there is some shocking stuff for being a pg rating .
am i crazy or did one scene actually imply a spoiler s skeksis with three penises '' ?
i recall the dust/rust was orange-ish but i could be misremembering things .
1 thanks i like myers so i wanted to see if the stats bore that out at least for this stage of his career .
right now they do we all got ta hope he maintains his level of play for most of his contract .
2 i do agree that he will decline and the contract could look bad in a few years .
hopefully we can make a splash over the next couple seasons !
but now people can get divine and immortal off of playing party with smurfs making the system somehow even worse for people in my bracket .
any ideas where to get it elsewhere on internet ?
i 'm also mason and when i read my name my heart stopped
wow yeah that 's impressive with the lights right there i 'd be nervous lol
jester i do n't think dairon thinks i 'm cool ... ''
beau dairon does n't think anyone is cool . ''
and upgrade the mainframe so i my memory does n't buffer when i walk into a room .
yo it chapter two has some straight up berserk monster designs in it .
it 's not that the packers defense looked good trubisky looked bad . ''
i 'm no expert but i think the packers gameplan of not allowing trubisky to get out and run and pressuring him all night may have affected his play .
however your submission has been removed for the following reason
already submitted this article has been submitted to r/politics within the last three days
i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/politics subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/kind_pie message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
i did n't know this existed and flipped of a tank for my bunker with the cargobob right in front of the drop point .
spend 20min trying to get it back over and could t
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/buffhydra if you have any questions or concerns .
it can get incredibly aggravating when i fire a missile directly at someone and completely miss so i end up using 3 of them in one go .
we would love to touch that mole you got near your vag
to be fair ike taylor also kinda ruined his chances in the nfl .
his scouting reports out of college almost all talked about his diva attitude .
his facebook live stream of the locker room a few years ago was before the hit too .
what a redditor with a two-story foyer and presumably a matching staircase for grand entrances https youtu.be/dmdxhvcz_nw ? t=13 ... ?
i ordered them waited a few weeks but returned them as i could n't find a positive review about the shoes .
the material did n't feel breathable and the outsole looked cheap .
nike also did n't mention the composition of the back part of the midsole which is bizarre .
your wifes mother in law is your mother ... omg mummy issues ...
you need to talk to your father and brothers and possibly the police asap .
yeah apparently it was also incredibly dangerous in the 70s and 80s .
honestly the first cop seemed like a young guy ... maybe only on the force a few years of that .
his training with an unlocked door and the alarm kick in .
then a guy finally comes downstairs with a gun .
that doesnt mean they relayed it to the department and to the specific officer on scene .
he thinks hea walking into a possible home burglary at the best and then has a guy come out with a pistol .
he has every right to be upset and defend his home .
he complied and i felt the first officer was trying to de escalate and explain why he reacted the way he did with the limited intel he had .
he was a bit of a pushover and did n't get his point across quickly enough .
understandably the homeowner gets pissed when a bunch of other cops show up and just as cop 1 seemed to be making progress with no problem badly douche shows up sees a black successful man with a legal firesrm and figures well he must have something in the house we can bust him for .
that clear the house '' is the most hilarious horseshit .
cop 1 may have gotten a slap on the hand for being over anxious but he did n't shoot the guy .
that dude just assumed he had to cover for something and did it no questions asked .
those are the kind of cops that bury shit and innocent people .
as long as you keep putting a distracting waifu to the corner you will keep getting my views .
height wise i put dsa on those keys because i did n't want my fingers touching them by accident .
his behaviour means you and your unborn child are in danger .
if he thinks hurting you grabbing your leg and arm painfully because the child is a girl is acceptable then what is going to stop him from hurting you if you refuse to abort ?
if your family is sane go to them and tell them what he has said and done .
go no contact tell the hospital and your doctor that he is a danger to your child and has implied that he would harm either of you if you do n't comply .
i 'm so sorry but there 's no fixing this .
someone who thinks this way will never be a good father to either gender because he will either hurt or neglect a daughter or he will try to pass on his toxic attitudes to son .
... . could you imagine having a son with this man if he teaches the son to dismiss you and any of his potential sisters ?
you are strong and can raise a wonderful daughter yourself .
you do not need this man who can not see the beauty of his own child just because she 's a girl .
our half-orc paladin with 5 int decided by herself that she would be illiterate
you get varicose veins in your legs/feet not your chest .
he hogs the lane support and fights with his carry over the jungle when rtz needs it to catch up because he was sacked in the laning stage .
does n't help that eg always drafts jungling heroes for rtz like tb and sven .
i 've seen a level 8 sumail farming the same jungle as level 4 rtz tb in so many games .
my bad anime is n't overrated how can a niche medium like anime ever be overrated .
but there are always a bunch of virgin pedophiles going on about how cool and underated anime is and it 's annoying af .
if he ca n't update through safe mode it 's an inert collection of plastic and metal .
there is n't any resolution for this that does n't involve updating through safe mode .
short of accessing the hardware directly with a flasher of some sort and i 'm 99.99 sure he does n't have those skills or hardware .
i 'm sorry but your comment has been removed because it has fewer than 150 characters .
if you edit it and message the moderators here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnbadiscussion we 'll reconsider it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nbadiscussion if you have any questions or concerns .
everything about it is heartbreaking but i 'm glad you are sober .
gon na have to watch a walkthrough to see if i 'm missing any tricks for killing him .
it 's easy to forget that most of the world does n't have the same sense of humor as tiktok i feel bad for him
the only one that really stands out is wishiwashi thanks to its gimmick but my god gamefreak the fish needs some love too
hey man i 'm socially conservative and i am high as fuck on some home-made morphine this very moment
definetely liked it but arent the quetzali the defensive tribe ?
even if you disagree with the message this shit is funny .
conquest is a tank oath vengeance is for damage .
i 'll update your flair to reflect your new count .
clearly you ca n't truly put yourself in his shoes nice try making up some bullshit story of almost being in not an almost same situation .
imagine how fucking confused you would be hearing some shit downstairs so you pull your gun only to find some random fucking dude yelling come out ! .. cop did n't even state he was a cop .
after he got his bearings straight he dropped the gun not sure why you 're dumbass thinks he did n't drop it ?
and was asking what he needed to follow the commands for .
i 'd imagine it was extremely confusing to someone just waking up .
the cops did n't have reasonable suspicion that a crime was taking place after getting his id to search his home .
you need to read up on our rights and laws because you sound like a dumb fuck .
i 'd not neglect the speed growth difference because it is rather large .
i think most people overestimate how large the average point loss is for a cavalry class is when you compare it to the base growth of a mage or so 2 points on average but i 'd argue that it is a large enough difference over twenty level in this case that it is a consideration worth taking .
i mean assassin has 5 speed six movement and can run through woods without terrain penalties so the discussion is a bit of a moot point .
mortal savant is a sidegrade for mages that is arguably outclassed my dark knight .
warlock has faire has 2x black magic which can be relevant if playing meteor or bolting but only 4 movement .
gremory has both 2x black and white magic 5 movement but no faire .
mortal savant has 6 movement and a faire but is outclassed by dark knight who has faire and 7 movement .
about the only character i can see becoming a mortal savant is dorothea because she is the only one who sucks at riding and even then it only competes with gremory physic support and warlock meteor support not outclass anything entirely .
i 'll do my next post using some of my black and white imagery thanks for the suggestion .
i only ever did stuff for tabletop rpgs mostly characters for players but also some 'game manual ' stuff which should be on my website .
my career path lead me to comics and illustrations but i used to be very passionate about card and board games that i even designed a couple of my own as well as 'frankensteining ' a couple of homebrew tabletops .
rn when i have time i design some battlemaps for my own campaigns .
i truly hope to get some jobs out of this community .
i would really love to get involved into some gritty noir or lovecraftian board game .
ok that just sounds sexist as shit 3 field trips and 5 guest speakers !
it 's not that difficult to prove especially if you 've been prescribed antivirals and she had prior std testing .
for me proving it is irrelevant i do n't want to get sued for it in the first place !
even if you win your case can you imagine what you would have to go through .
no thanks it 's easier to disclose plus you know it 's ethically the right thing to do .
there 's probably still the nightmare hunts and maybe the dungeon but ca n't imagine there being any more .
i heard somewhere the vanguard and crucible stuff are going to be reused in 2.0 form .
other than that is there any other activities likely to award new armour ?
i got the 250k of twitch prime but no the discounts why ?
u/swagcakes319 your submission has been automatically removed from r/signupsforpay because the title does not start with one of the required tags .
please use offer or meta in order to tag your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/signupsforpay if you have any questions or concerns .
had to scroll up again to check this was r/watches
why oh why did you say i love you ?
where are stickers stored in ios then just make a layout path to that folder
yeeeeaaaaaah if you could go ahead and distinguish obvious animals like miltank from garbadours like vanillluxe that would be greaaaat
never done ket but i got some m that had me scrolling thru reddit with one eye closed the other night lol think i 'll save that for a time when i do n't have to navigate thru kids and families d plus i wan na eat the food
once i know they are wasting my time i immediately block .
granted the instrument you excel at has n't been developed yet .
splunk charges a ton of money but do you factor in all the things you do n't have to do right now because 'it just works ' vs. having the responsibility of operational management ?
my experience time and time again with 'open source ' or to be precise 'open core ' tools is that you also have to pay licenses for enterprise features like authentication ldap integration etc .
do you have a fully materialistic model for how atoms interact ?
at the lowest levels do n't they behave quite strangely quantum entanglement string theory 11 dimensions etc ?
the material world behaves supernaturally at the lowest levels from my reading .
do you really understand what thunder and lightning are ?
does noting that lightning is comprised of electrons plus 4 or 5 other attendant facts mean you have understood the phenomenon ?
the quandries at the heart of physics are absolutely fundamental we do n't understand the forces that make up a particle or what dimensions they exist in or what called them into being .
simple minds are awed by a few lines of facts strung together into believing they know something when in fact the mystery has yawned even wider !
to me the scientistic incantation of a few lines of textbook physics to explain phenomenon is adequate for casual conversation but does n't indicate anything has been fundamentally understood .
you ca n't say you have no idea how many dimensions a particle exists in but yet you understand something because you know it is comprised of flowing electrons .
you do n't know what an electron is merely you have some observations about its apparent qualities .
you think the physical observation of physically apparent qualities encompasses the whole of reality but this also is just an assumption .
its great that we can build circuits but we do n't understand fundamentally what anything really is we simply have semi-exhaustive catalogues of how things appear on those levels that we can observe .
i 'm afraid there are many who wo n't even see the difference .
sounds like he 's keeping one foot out the door but maybe he 's just doing exactly what he says .
i would take your cues from the rest of the relationship and i would dig further .
but you seem very tentative in your texts to him and reluctant to press for details .
i 'm wondering if that 's the status quo for your relationship ?
i like to say as a joke that their character went to go take a leak .
blonde haired blue eyed german on a team winning against a polish team performing a sieg heil over a ball with a yellow swastika on it in a picture that misspelled nazi as nazy in the corner
well we tried to pull him off out of it and he refused it .
sarcasm was my first go for sure but he continued so luch into this madness that the only plausible conclusion was that he was being serious since the beggining .
this is happening for me on pc when i place a trap and them i 'm about to place a new trap when going to select the new trap it instantly places the same trap i just placed ... . and always in a spot i did n't want it .
anyone who actually eats anything however is entirely offensive to me .
i think i might have not been clear previous guests have been very responsible in terms of cleaning up after themselves some needed coaching but overall all previous guests would be welcomed back .
definitely will go into the situation concurrently with my wife .
but it 's a delicate topic and not one generally left to a vp whose job it is to shake hands and smile for cameras .
when i said diplomacy i should have just said pr '' since yeah diplomacy definitely can be positive or negative
illusion detection you can hurl the rock for up to 30ft .
it detects an illusion if it passes through creatures or solid objects .
i know roughly what is going to be in the box .
but maybe there 's something extra i do n't know about and i 'll get mildly surprised .
still better than knowing everything about the phone so the unboxing experience ends in 5 seconds and i 'm not paying attention to anything i find in the box apart from the phone .
if she starts a channel i bet tons of people will pay to watch her eat .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
for a second i tought that woman was grandma duck
ciampa ricochet and gargano are n't going to make it big
spears and hangman should not be top guys in aew
when i was aged 11 nothing would keep me inside .
then at some point being aged 16 i did the exact opposite .
stay inside all day playing videogames i did n't find movies to be enjoyable at all .
no it 's not it 's textures not loaded completely or being dialed back to low settings .
happens some times when they did n't have a proper socialising period in their youth ie did n't have enough social contacts with peers .
tbh this behaviour is n't really cute since there 's always a more serious reason behind it
and that 's all you need to be a zimbillionaire
money laundering fascist racist corrupt russian stooge lying incompetent president impeached for falsifying a weather map ''
on the other hand you can finish full items faster than the enemy mid would due to investing in boots while still having comparable ms to them .
at higher levels/game time you have higher ms and an extra item slot compared to their boots .
proper spuds is equal parts butter to the potato .
as a casual player i have dozens of them i have n't deleted simply because of the irritating confirmation message .
i 'm happy to see they installed rgb lights s
they 're also useful to sleep on until milk supply gets under control !
yes and a moist one if he wants to see you .
i 'd say some mid-30 because the second time he went in alone happened in seconds which should be a few months alongside his being already mid-30 .
jag har också en kandidatexamen i hrd/hrm och det är såna jobb jag söker .
kvalificerade jobb är svåra att få och när man har högre utbildning är det också svårt att få okvalificerade jobb eftersom de flesta inte vill anställa överkvalificerad personal .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
pas uitleg gehad kosten verschillen per schip hoeveel container eenheden wat er in de containers zit en kost makkelijk 75-100k voor puur het liggen voor zo'n grote boot
unless it 's only got a few votes and they 're all from the cast and crew .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
i really like the idea of higher punishments for attacking or generally missbehaving dogs .
it is absoluely disproportionate to see how an animal that you love and accompanied you for years torn apart and only to get the stupid shelter fee in damages .
the big big problem with anything breed specific is always that purebred dogs suddenly turn into mixes overnight .
cities in germany for example are able to demand high taxes on specific breeds .
there 's for example communities here that demand 1000€ a year per listed dog that you own .
the crafty owners often own two sets of papers for their dogs the real ones and a second set that states said dog is a boxer-/mastiff mix or some other combination that is not listed .
just because players are n't inting does n't mean they 're playing well .
if you never force your opponent to do anything then they never make a mistake but that 's not a very smart strategy .
also imo the choice of inaction because you might make a mistake is worse than the choice of action and throwing the game .
if you are a better team then you should have the confidence in yourself and the confidence that you wo n't fuck up .
i 'd rather my dog eat me than starve to death poor fella .
as a kid it was hated almost felt like a punishment .
as an adult it 's fantastic to decide 8pm is an acceptable time to go to sleep on a friday evening .
won all games in qualifying games we should win but in the past we rarely did .
have a slim chance of qualifying from a group that nobody gave us a chance .
do n't think there 's much wrong in giving a promising youngster their debut in a friendly against luxembourg .
post not meant for this sub but valuable advice was given .
i wo n't remove it as op and others might have use for it in the future instead i 'll lock the comments as there is no real discussion anyway .
our oddball cat refused to use his shark until we removed the cushion 🙃
it would suck if he got a skin for a character he 's never gon na play again .
if people colloquially describe their contamination ocd as a phobia in order to articulate it to other people that 's fine but in the dsm a phobia and ocd are simply not the same .
– let 's wait and see then we 'll see .
i 'm using premiere but i was referring to adding cc within the youtube studio
i believe it 's calculated with time and decibels so loud sound short time is n't damaging kind of dealio
great now you 've got them stuck in my head .
when i knocked one and the other two rushed ibwas trying to aim to the 2nd guy but aim got reset to the knocked guy in the beginning of the spray .
i had to really drag it to the other guy .
i 'm assuming we 'll be playing as the hiigarans exploring the reactivated gate network so imagine them finding a group of living bentusi fighting some third faction the hiigarans immediately jump to help the bentusi since they 're old allies and continue to help these bentusi against this third faction in a few missions but plot twist these bentusi are the bad guys and manipulated the hiigarans and this third faction were the ones being attacked and enslaved or bound '' hmm ?
you later learn that they 're exiled from the galaxy because of their radical supremacist thinking of the younger bound '' races ?
could be interesting since the bentusi were the first allies the kushan had when they left kharak and played pivotal roles in securing their claim on hiigara in the first game and later sacrificing themselves to save hiigara in homeworld 2 .
the hiigarans thought their oldest friends extinct then they find a surviving group of bentusi witch fills them with hope only to be crushed by their betrayal and forced to destroy them .
also this time a real ata coming with a massive dragon holder
space panels seems to be cool but could have been better
by the way this gravitational pull thing of the samurai do this have some kind of fate manipulation i mean it was because of a strong gravitational pull that hachimaru got everything so fast
i 'd love seeing you naked any time of day
we could n't live in peace while we are a homogeneous society imagin if we happen to be multi ethnic ?
obi-uzom was caring for the child while the parents went away for the weekend back in september of 2017 .
determined to have the child conform to her christian beliefs she traveled to london without the parents ' consent to a jewish mohel to have the procedure done .
i do n't have a problem with it but i 'm sure someone will
for the most part wwe has been really enjoyable these past two months
this old cunt could be besties with that trashbag of a woman from bc of whom there is a similar video circulating as of late .
i think you can convincingly use curly '' as an adverb if you assign it a slang meaning of very/really/extremely '' in the same way that the adjectives dead '' wicked '' mad '' and others have taken on this meaning
all of those adjectives are being used as adverbs here .
they seem to have taken on this meaning of very/really/extremely '' etc. because as adjectives they all describe a fairly extreme state .
i think you could make the case that curly '' the adjective also describes an extreme state curls have lots of volume and appear larger than straight things e.g. hair .
so i think it would be acceptable to use curly '' in a slangy way as an adverb
wow that 's curly good dude ! ! ! ! ! ''
this guy in one of my leagues had mitch aaron jones monty and anthony miller on his team .
as someone who does n't plan to get alanaan for a long time m2 is so much better than aes for me with fraux .
i use soldier and grimnir summon too for soldier to proc passive nukes vs aoe attacks .
so yeah in my case it 's hard to dip into enmity and get aes benefits .
once i switched to proper m2 grid 2 shiva swords rotb gun opus ulb staff i started to enjoy my fire team again .
that 's still not the full scope of benefits that some eu countries offer to graduate jobseekers .
in finland for instance there 's no labour market test required to hire a third country graduate jobseeker while there is in sweden .
as a new player whats the best item i should buy/focus from king moogle atm ?
i knew there was a system like that but my point remains in the worse case scenario there should still be a bottom line .
there have been plenty of times i would have traded a mythic wildcard for 2 rares .
using astra dr. stone fire force etc as examples does n't work .
and just because they will simuldub something does not mean others will .
heck sentai only started doing their equivalent of simuldubs last year .
the industry standard is usually if dub does n't air on toonami do n't expect it till the physical release '' .
and the physical release date is usually something that is 1-3 sometimes more years away .
note how crunchyroll funimation and sentai all have their own streaming services .
whenever they put a dub online they use hulu netflix or some other service .
thus they do not get as much money as the other companies .
the show is literally still in its second cour .
this has not been a long wait at all !
i agree that they 're fantastic but one small correction you get 3 weapons with the base-level ability then 4 when it 's upgraded .
the other thing to know about them is that each of them come with a class resource and can spend it on an ability flames of devotion wounding shot knockdown and when upgraded arcane assault .
she probably does n't want cats but said yes for her son it 's sweet
well these two situations could n't have gone any worse .
if she has one we only have minutes to harvest .
i would n't say they are the worst ... there are some good gcs and some bad ones .
i like going in sometimes and just playing some guitars .
sometimes they can have great deals on gear and other times it 's just passable .
the people that work there are whatever i do n't like dealing with them whenever i go and i 'm serious about buying big ticket items i go directly to the store manager working at the time .
they know i 'm serious about purchasing something and that they wan na move merchandise so it works out .
i do n't purchase everything through them though nor would i ever .
i could make the same argument about best buy and a whole bunch of other retailers .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please check the sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly .
if you are attempting to place an ad you need to include the tag selling in the title like this selling my great panties !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/usedpanties if you have any questions or concerns .
silk revelaed she hid for 12 years and there have been time jumps ahead sonce ger first appearance
all of those parents are taking advantage of your kind heart .
they have to realize that you are feeding their children and caring for them every day and they just let you .
they could at the very least chip in for the food every week .
side note from a family of farmers ... organic is a gimmick and ‘organic ' food is no healthier than non organic food .
its a label to get people to pay wayyyy more than they should because they think they are being healthy .
when i was in the army i had to guard a motor pool full of machine guns .
our orders were to kill anybody who tried to break in .
there was no way in hell we would let anybody steal weapons that could be used very effectively against us .
better believe they wo n't hesitate and if they 're anything like me and the guys i served with they 're hoping you try .
reminder do not ask for personal information suggest someone should be doxxed link to or comment with personal information openly solicit personal information or contact the people featured here .
do n't even wax poetic about wanting to post identifying information .
for example kill yourself '' it would n't be so bad if we killed all the pedophiles '' this guy needs to die '' i hope this guy gets stabbed to death with a rusty screwdriver '' etc .
failure to follow the rules of this sub will result in a permanent ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/iamatotalpieceofshit if you have any questions or concerns .
push in the ceiling level to block off water .
dive into water and realize it 's only a few feet deep and reopens to the indoor water park of a successful cannabis entrepreneur who totally forgot about the whacky torture room blueprint he forced his general contractor to build while on a 2-week non-stop bender celebrating his company going public .
quietly sneak out of the relatively open compound and report the authorities and the media .
get paid to help produce the next big true crime podcast .
i feel they are not putting any effort with the superhero side of the show and wasting most of their time in drama family issues and etc .
is more obvious when you look at cicada and wonder what the hell were they thinking when they choose cicada and wrote him like a hannah barbera villain .
beside this another issue with the show ... they are afraid or dont want to move on .
star labs team flash harrison wells multiverse and etc .
so the show feels like is going nowhere is always the same story over and over .
the flash will never grow up as a superhero show with this type of writing .
hello u/n3rdy_eli your post has been automatically removed because of a short or non-descriptive title .
sure you found it on facebook but how does it make you feel ?
you 're allowed to resubmit with a better more descriptive title and honestly we hope you do .
if you 're really struggling or believe this removal was in error report this comment and a mod will check it out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/choosingbeggars if you have any questions or concerns .
however the average japanese would have more access to contraceptives and is more educated with family planning and/or birth control compared to the average filipino .
japanese people want to get married and have partners but they do n't want to have kids simply based on the fact that govt support for those want to raise families is miniscule and japanese people thinking that their income is not enough to raise a family as a result .
specifically i read some insights from this thread https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/comments/536rcg/japan_has_a_worrying_number_of_virgins_government ? sort=confidence
not sure if anything changed in the later years though .
literally the only benefit i have from the steam version is just using steam to buy dlcs with my steam wallet .
also note that if you do get it on steam never ever under any circumstances use the verify integrity option in steam since it will see the launcher updated version and assume it is wrong which will make you redownload the entire game through steam and then once you go to launch it redownload the patches through the launcher .
i ca n't imagine my life without my brother .
you do n't really realize how important people are until they are gone .
we respect corpse party memes that arent lolicons or splattered friends
alonso was one of the best picks in the game for two and a half years
i really do n't feel like foc slider is as big a deal as everyone makes it seem like why does it matter if there is a slider if everyone is on the same fov it just makes it equal
hand over fist i 'd love to cum deep inside her as much and often as i could .
good candles often have a more subtle scent it does n't smell so perfume-y and artificial .
also quality candles last a lot longer often justifying the higher price you 're paying .
paul revere and his colonial era friends would be proud 3
for anyone else still paying attention please go to this site suggested by op but used in a deceptive way and type 1985 into the first box and hit return .
that will give you the year by year deficit according to his source .
note that obama 's smallest deficits were bigger than bush 's biggest deficits leaving aside the recession which we can talk about .
also note that obama 's last two budgets had increasing deficits and that trump 's deficits are right on line with this .
i do n't wan na believe it 's online !
everytime i have to walk to and from work it seems like .
it 's something most people in this subreddit seemed to have forgotten .
this is the most lukewarm i 've ever felt after a win .
it 's nice but edwin diaz is an utter failure that 's waiting in the wings to sabotage everything at all times
i wonder if we 're all just gon na be forced into getting mobile tickets first or if they 're later gon na give us an option to upgrade to actual tickets .
does anyone else 's tickets say they wo n't be released till the week before or 41 days from now ?
you could literally put the panties in the bathroom sink boil the kettle and let them soak in the sink .
you do not need to do this inside the kettle which would be extremely hard to clean after .
the sink you can easily clean but the kettle other folk will use after you .
how long did it take to cook on each side ?
my google skills are failing me so far but it sounds like a retelling of the theseus myth .
every time i look up a recipe i have to read some novel about how the recipe was a favourite of barbara 's granny and they ate it every-i-don't-fucking-care-just-give-me-the-damn-recipe barbara !
the irony is my husband is a chef and i 'm surrounded by like 500 cookbooks and i still look shit up online and get annoyed by barbara 's babbling .
i have to cook by the way as chefs are never home 😣
i do n't often i do n't really mind but sometimes you kinda weave in the lane for debris or better positioning which is kinda harder to read/predict with other bikers .
imo i try to go to another lane to pass and even then i try to pass a fair bit slower in the other lane in case they dart out .
it does n't seem like a big deal imo but it 's better to be cautious and just lane switch or try to find a way to make sure they know you are coming up .
i understand the cries of the 1930 's and the depression etc .
however as an aussie this is our worst era .
we 've had a strong history of stable government throughout our history .
now we ca n't even go forward with a full term without internal political upheaval and having the elected pm serve a full term before their own party has had enough and kicks them out .
this year 's election was determined because of one state my state voting very differently than the majority of the country .
we reelected a leader who despite being a supposed financial genius is already taking us back to the gfc in terms of economy .
the very right wing national newspaper who usually sides with his party without apology have begun explaining how bad he is .
this is australia 's worst era and our key traditional international allies do not fill us with hope .
if they ever manage to find a coach and system to play them correctly they actually be an ok team
i think it looks like a persian sword to be used for horsemen .
they are recordings of gameplay taken by the game itself and displayed to players seemingly at random .
that 's primarily based on episode 14 where paul says that he lost a part of his personally recorded gameplay but that same footage later popped up in a demo recording that he saw .
additionally the demos seem to record controller inputs rather than actual video and can replay these inputs in past versions of the game since that same episode is based around paul entering a series of inputs that does n't make sense for his current version of petscop but he hopes will be played back in a demo recording based on a different version .
have you not seen ucf football before like 4 years ago ?
porsha talking about her and candie 's fall out over dennis wrong road wrrong road
the delivery in the talking head made me geek out
i kept fighting the same person over and over with boosted 25s-30s .
there was figjting in the falkland islands during ww1 ?
there are other ways to correct her being mean and that was n't it .
she 's at that period where she 's self-conscious about her body .
you need to apologise to her and set things right .
rev engine to 5k rpms and let go of clutch every time .
no need to get emotional man you clearly think it 's something that is what makes her broken then you said you ca n't trade because of untouchable which i explained in detail on how it 's not the reason you ca n't trade with her .
whether you think it or not it is completely showing that you think it should be balanced around untouchable which reveals that you are trying to balance the game around the 3k perspective .
when you 're not hungry but you still want to show how easily you dominated your prey to darwin .
lost another friend so crashing on there bed convolk lone wolf
it 's a kazoo and especially when watching the tv broadcast it is the worst .
we 'd have to shit the bed these last 3 weeks in order to fall out of a playoff spot completely .
also when i said 2nd place nl central team for the 2nd wild card i was not talking about the brewers i meant either us or st louis depending on how our series against them go .
ah very true probably the likely solution either that or climb a mountain to get some snow .
it 's a boot drive really and i 'm sure i could manage to image the drive onto a bigger one ?
i could get a bigger one as a third drive .
they cost as much as i bought that one 3 years ago now .
maximum thrust on either even in short bursts is too imprecise for changing altitudes by such fine margins .
the negs in the section about ashley seem pretty cringey
today we are going for a hike around some rock houses local to our area .
my baby sling was the single best piece of baby kit i ever bought my 6 month old lo loves being snuggled up to me and we have already been on so many hikes together that i would n't have been able to do with a buggy or pram .
love being out in nature and love taking my babe out in nature
oh noo your precious life is in such danger .
still there 's a possibility we could get a sequel in the future as it seems !
i 've never ridden a scooter the riding position looks weird to me .
pagpunta namin dun e mahamog na sa daan buti nawala rin agad pati ulan .
mga hapon na kami pumunta nun at walang tao akala nga namin sarado na .
i think nakita rin namin si ben cab dun sa cafe sa baba may mga kausap/meeting .
nung pabalik na kami hindi namin alam kung may jeep pang pabalik ng baguio at bumabalik na ulit yung hamog haha
is this whole sub aware of the movie rubber ?
physically i 'm proud of the fact that i have abs
i 've heard quite a few people say it was n't as good .
matt damon 's character was pretty great in it .
i agree that it 's a plausible reason to suspect unfaithfulness but i could n't bring myself to go through her emails and texts .
i 've done that before when i was much younger .
and when i asked my partner about something i found that ended up being innocuous i just felt embarrassed and it really affected our relationship .
i do n't want to bring that into my marriage .
really what i 'm trying to figure out is whether i should bring up my worries and if so how .
an arrested development comment in wow classic o awesome .
does it mean that my post is n't visible ?
do n't know why but i really like netwatch so far .
i have my hero academia season 4 and i 'm cautiously hopeful about psycho-pass season 3 .
many of these are i ca n't couch for all of them .
yolo mouse has definitely been okayed in the past .
if they would actually make a top 20 list and not some list to get regions hyped it would have 6 eu players and 14 easteren players .
no na player is good enough to be on the list .
somebody like dl is n't even going to be a top 5 botlaner at worlds .
overall we rate thinkprogress left biased based on story selection that always favors the left and mixed for factual reporting based on a few failed fact checks
yeah because mj and aunt may should have noticed like right away of the change .
hell peter otto was drinking actual alcohol during his date with mj .
huge times the characters who knew him best thought he wasnt himself .
remember the days when we used to play games for raw fun and not some dopamine injection we get by having our ego stroked when we win an irrelevant matchmaking game against random people .
the good old days when everyone did n't have a pipe dream to become a pro player .
i believe that it 's not true to say that asi are always more mechanically advantageous .
i definitely know the game is more nuanced than that sometimes a feat is way more advantageous depending on what you 're optimising for and what your current set up is .
there is something really therapeutic in taking care of something growing/living .
this would 've been pretty useful to know in part 4 .
dude if u are unranked how would u know that there are spec ops
unfortunately your comment has been removed due to rule 6 please post questions in the stickied q a thread .
if you believe this is an error please contact us via modmail and we 'll sort it out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/switchhaxing if you have any questions or concerns .
no because every time i heard something about impeachment .
i always thought that maybe pence might be worse .
i literally just learned how to use imgur an hour ago for a guide .
edit actually theres both the left and right one in the picture .
no the part number will not be the same .
i think if you click on the number it will present a choice of part numbers .
in my car the left one has the temperature sensor for example .
and how exactly do you know the ex was still pissed off and wanted to cause some more pain ?
she very quickly went for the jugular and called op a homewrecker .
this was not only an ex this was someone who had motive to feel wronged by the deceased and still felt hurt by that so i do n't think it 's considerate to the grieving family to let her bring that into the funeral
2 full days tops in bangkok rest chaing mai .
there is a possibility to make certain emotes usable only be specific role .
this can be done only by bots but some servers use this .
alternatively bring a change of clothes in your carry-on .
additionally if you are traveling for 2 weeks be mindful what color clothes you bring and whether you have enough of that color to do a load of laundary .
annoying to have 2 white shirts and having to pay to wash them
yeah they have bots that start and complete your order in like 3 seconds total .
plus if you got the money they will often attempt to cop multiple pairs for the price of one slot .
so if you get 2 pair you paid half the slot fee per shoe or if you get 3 pair you only paid 1/3rd slot fee per shoe etc .
that 's mainly to make resell more worth it though .
if you do n't go this route at least sign up for every raffle you can find reserve them in apps foot locker champs footaction for another chance and check places like solelinks for any place you missed .
wow cant wait to stroke my epic gamer cock to this
he 's canon in the same way that rhajat caeldori and asugi are .
lol reminds me of the neil gaiman first name essay thing that gets posted a bunch .
love it when celebs show random kindness like this it could honestly make someone 's month
there 's 5 total comments 6 with mine and yours is the dumbest one .
click here to learn how to leave feedback for other users !
users swap reputation can be found in the user flair .
if you 're unable to see it or want more detailed information click send on this message .
please read our guide https www.reddit.com/r/mousemarket/wiki/getting_started on how to buy sell and trade without getting scammed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mousemarket if you have any questions or concerns .
i wish allergies did not have my throat scratching so badly because i 'm gon na miss smoking for a week or two .
and atlus is doing the turn based jrpg justice in the modern era as well
interesting you say that about reasonable time for se when atlus with persona 5 was years with an aa game and will be the same with smtv and persona 6 as well as they always do .
monolith has been kicking their ass in the singleplayer department for jrpgs imo and atlus is doing the turn based jrpg justice in the modern era as well .
dq11 exists octopath traveler exists kh3 exists and so on .
i would love to see square 's talent harnessed in a more reasonable fashion it really does seem like ff7re is going to suffer from being chopped up to hell because it 's going for insanely high production value .
it 's vexing that have to read comments like this .
why is so difficult to accept that you 're going to get an entire full game focused on one part of the series ?
the game looks amazing people who played it are full of praises and some of you still find things to complain .
ff7 never would release in just one game as a remake .
only if it was just going to be the same shit as it was in the 90s with a bad remake with just pretty visuals .
this is a large scale remake full of reimagination for a modern era for a game that needed it without cutting many parts of the game while realizing the potential that it has .
i always run spine chill always went off for me .
you 're either remembering incorrectly or the victim of a really godawful bug .
naw that 's my main variation maybe dead for players that do n't use scorpion correctly
lots of people do that 's why they voted labour in the last ge .
more people voted for corbyn to be pm than for the incumbent
yes i 'm not saying that it has a larger share than nile basin .
btw turkey 's industry population are also mainly concentrated on this longtitude kocaeli bursa antalya etc .
it 's irritating to drink from a cup with ice it clangs against your lips causing a resistance and inconsistent flow of fluid into your mouth
nice work ... .. same never give up you 'll get there is painful worth every drop .
i 'm gon na yell at my husband for the porn i watched ... ?
please disregard what i said before i did n't know that there was another account sharing my posts haha !
i had posted another version of this art on this account only so i thought some people were getting mixed up wow !
my sister 's been the stealthy ally when our mother was up here and we were at our old home the three of us were laughing at the lies the na was telling my sister .
plus as she 's down in the new city with my mom when i facetimed mom and broke down not only could she hear me but my mother pointed it out to her so she knew .
it 's my brother and our dogs that i 'm most worried about .
he 's very ... let 's say he can be explosive in stressful situations and this is just an example of a very stressful situation we 're all forced into .
that said i do n't think mom 's gon na be happy with him when she comes up to drop off my sister and take me with her .
the dogs are miserable without mom cause she 's the alpha of the pack but i think when my sis returns they 'll feel better .
i know i certainly will when i leave this house for the last time .
i believe you actually have to buy the season though and then watch through amazon if you do n't buy the season will be out in a year or so so yeah
i think it just depends on who picks up the call .
when i called the woman was nice but ended up calling an ambulance to my address .
i know she was just trying to help/do her job but the cops showing up at my door definitely made me feel worse .
the snorlax 1st and 3rd slots had lick/skull bash .
gardevoir was in the 2nd slot but do n't know the full moveset i think it had confusion as the fast move but did n't use its charge move .
hunt for 2080 non super or 5700xt way better value for money these 2 cards .
you could save probably more if you chose ryzen 2600 and b450 tomahawk .
for saved money buy ddr4 3000-3200 depending on price difference .
for some people it is super easy for others it is nearly impossible .
i reduced the hud size to about 60 i think .
but yeah in the older clip you ca n't even see the full wall and stair keybinds
ich glaube old mcdonald zeigt die übertragungen von ran auf pro7 maxx .
am i the only one who likes the original versions more ?
the paler colours feel more natural and give me the chilled atmosphere i line
though it seems that if the latter features are added so long as it 's reliant on the browser apis through js you 're really going to be struggling to the majority of use cases out of it .
do you think browsers will adopt it on a lower level or do you think the security concerns wasm produces would stop that ?
take a vacation to hillsbrad foothills near southshore ... xd
or that japan still maintains that many of the sex slaves were willing volunteers ?
my dad lives in chandler and i think he basically manages a whole datacenter .
i think baker mayfield does this really well actually .
from being a walk on to a heisman winner and to calling out media his motivation is proving people wrong .
that 's why his beef with cowherd seems so manufactured in my opinion i honestly think it 's solely to motivate himself to play better .
in my opinion ab is trying to take the same approach everyone against me but failing horribly at it .
not to mention that it does n't seem remotely calculated either .
and it 's in there because the vapcap is rattling in the tube without .
japan has the best education results in the world and has a plethora of private schools as well as excellent state schools on top of that have a very low crime rate and is one of the largest economies in the world so if your whole argument is based on it works for finland then it 's pretty terrible .
your in make sure your ready if something comes up and u ca n't join us plz let me know
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
i make a joke about pulling pan and i get banned immediately but literal pull results stay up .
my dad was n't supportive and my entire family said it was just a phase .
i hate how unsupportive people can be when they find out someone in the family is bisexual or gay .
that was n't his daughter ... it was just a made up thing to taunt beverly ... pennywise was n't a human he 's an inter-dimensional being .
and richie was possibly gay and fancied eddie .. that 's my take from it
how is your teen 14 16 17 in this story ?
i 'd like to believe it but i 've never encountered as devoted a parent as this story portrays who does n't know how old their kids are .
i do n't know if i should put that down because it was n't shown or highlighted on the show
yes but i 've been lazy about updating it lol thejournalodyssey
if this post makes you suffer upvote this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makemesuffer if you have any questions or concerns .
regarding my family dynamics it reassures me its a sign of dysfunction and neglect .
when i first realized the lack of normality my mindset shifted from responding hyperactively to apathetic disregard .
the realization that the severity of my parents self-absorbed habits have led me to where i am has calmed my mentality .
i still struggle to take care of myself but now know its importance .
opening a htb isa and setting up a £200/mo standing order i had a flexible isa previously which i simply paid into whatever i had extra at the end of the month sometimes withdrawing from it to splurge .
with that method i really was n't saving an awful lot with my htb £200 i treat it like a bill it is the first thing i pay after my rent .
sometimes it feels like money is very tight by the end of the month but being able to consistently save is a good feeling the maximum pay in that does n't roll over makes you feel like to have to pay in or lose out on a month which is a policy that i have actually come to like .
if you still need bass i can help out .
is it weird i read this in the voice of greg cipes ?
at the end of the euro qualifiers the 4 best teams from each league '' that did n't qualify go to a playoff .
i think i know pretty well what you 're going through .
you do n't have to explain yourself a second time .
if he 's gotten all the information he needs and he/she is just fact checking either ignore it or literally copy and paste what you 've already said .
you do n't have to respond to everything especially if you 've already answered the questions .
you ca n't get away from the girlfriend no matter how hard you try .
my partner 's ex tried and unfortunately it yanked her case and i do mean tanked .
she had a plethora of other shit wrong so that was just the icing on the cake but at this point you 're better to play the hand you 're dealt than fight a losing battle .
do you have any contact with them besides email/text ?
do you mean the video and not the sound ?
i agree with you if she 's not willing to put in any effort to have a conversation with you how are you supposed to progress anything ?
i would n't waste my time waiting for someone who ca n't make time for one conversation in three weeks .
if she does n't have the time she 's not going to have time to date either .
it 's not a flaw in her as a person but it 's a definite incompatibility and it 's a sign to move on to someone else who does have the time .
i was in the hospital for the first four weeks of my life then when my parents got to take me home they did n't take me outside for another 6 because they were just that scared of me getting sick .
you know who complained about me not going outside or the steps one had to take before touching me ?
no one because my parents ' word was law when it came to me .
the color used for mexico isnt even on the legend tho
you just have to have some control and patience and follow a wiring plan .
seymour duncan website has a wiring schematic for almost anything you can imagine .
if they are similar to the 8801 then they are close to oem but that is less of a concern than being not sculpted .
might want to clean up your desk a little bit
this is a great photo however it does not resemble any art style or any piece of art from the renaissance era or from the 14th-19th centuries so it has been removed .
while this is a large subreddit it is also a very specific niche subreddit therefore many posts are removed daily .
it is not a reflection on the photos themselves or the person posting them it is just that we 're looking for a specific type of submission .
please message the mods https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/accidentalrenaissance if you have any questions .
ash the brother clearly you are on here somewhere how about your side of the story seems like you know how to hit that nail squarely on its head ...
this being the case having the sub approval only will allow us to put a laser focus on what we are actually trying to highlight as well as reject the claims by the likes of you suggesting that our sub is intended to be a haven for nazis or the promotion of hate
you 're either being disingenuous or you 're just a useful idiot .
people dont read yelp reviews unless it 's a trend .
you could pay 100 people 1000 dollars and one would be mad at you for not paying more .
i 'm picking them up but it 's not recorded any for act 1 chapters 3 or 4 .
percentage went up as i picked them up but stays the same in the collectible menu page .
i 'm sure you 've had to work hard make sacrafices and overcome obstacles to get to where youre at .
i have no doubt you 'll run your marathon and it will be the first of many !
i ran my first marathon about 2 months ago and my best advice to you is to have no time goal .
the marathon is the reward for all the hardwork you 've put in .
you deserve to run that day for the love of it .
just follow your plan and enjoy yourself you 'll be surprised how effortless running feels once you remove expectations .
some of my fastest runs have come when i had no time goal .
once you complete it believe me you 'll set your sights on time-goals and ultras .
next target is to finish my 30th tuneable car .
alot of these problems that you listed out existed in the past games too .
these arent necessarily flaws of world but flaws of monster hunter .
older games had a bigger problem with roar spam spawning in random locations has always been a thing in monster hunter and also complaining about paid dlc ?
for g-rank in precious monster hunter games they released a brand new game for g-rank .
for us to get paid dlc for an expansion that is almost the same size as the base game is already a lot .
they could 've released a brand new monster hunter world g or something for g-rank but they gave us dlc instead .
most of these points that you list off are n't flaws but personal opinion that you have with not only world but monster hunter itself .
i would understand if one of your points was about lunastra but there was nothing about lunastra or behemoth which are the only two bullshit monsters in world .
the only thing i 've heard is that they are setting tinas dlc and the claptastic voyage as their minimum goal for the dlc 's and that the 4 dlc 's wich are included in the seasonpass are supposed to come out until september next year
how is closing a border and letting them suffer avoiding a humanitarian crisis '' ?
perhaps the right-wing should chill and stomp their xenophobia .
we already took in 3000000 people in the balkan wars 30000 remained after the war .
what 's the problem with temporary housing people in need ?
after that only daryl keeps me engaged to the show .
for a second i thought kiernan shipka cut and dyed her hair !
why does anyone bother with heat deletion when you could use a steam turbine ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mhocmp if you have any questions or concerns .
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/about/rules of r/dating_advice in mind while participating here .
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdating_advice we rely on user reports to find rule-breaking behavior quickly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dating_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
he just had a decoy on the coaster so he does n't have to wait in line also the moment he saw the gang he went running to another place .
this debate is happening in my sport rugby in england at the moment and from what i understand the issues are similar .
having the threat of relegation gives meaning to end of season games for those teams unlikely to make the playoffs .
these teams having something to play for means that end of season fixtures are n't unbalanced .
teams with nothing to play for at the end of the season are more likely to put out an experimental side or simply try less hard which can give their opponents an easier run in compared to teams they play earlier in the year .
promotion and relegation allows smaller teams to grow naturally to compete in the big time with the right set up and management .
the risk of relegation can lead to short term thinking .
teams are less likely to take a risk on young players with potential rather than experienced journeymen who can do a job for them now .
this affects the flow of talent in the league .
relegated teams tend to struggle to retain their best players preventing them from building long term .
fringe players at big clubs will likewise be more likely to stay for their financial security rather than moving to weaker clubs to get more game time .
the financial losses from relegation can cripple clubs especially those where owners have ploughed money in to try and keep them up .
see leeds united once one of england 's dominant clubs .
wanting to avoid relegation makes teams more likely to play conservative low risk football which is less entertaining to watch .
really emotional when the restaurant manager started talking about michael
yea there 's literally 2.5 miles of track and all they 're asking is that they do a burnout anywhere other than a 3 foot strip of bricks .
this is literally the weakest troll account known to man .
the sad part is that all of you are falling for it .
since she agressivly prevented me from calling her an ambulance i agreed at first and gave her chanche to give a quick explonasion .
turns out she 's drinking habit is pretty bad and she 's been hospitalized before for the same reason and always she was intoxicated each time .
so quickly she explained she 's afraid people from hospital turn to child protective service and she might lose her child because with condition like this she 's a threat to her child .
at first i did n't know how to react hung up the phone .
thought about it and and told her she could have the lsd if she will go and get herself checked .
she refused but still agreed to be our ride had to get acid from another city
on the way i analized her behaviour and even thought about giving her about 100 ㎍ and maybe figure out together the reason why she 's been drinking lately and mayber make her understand the seriousness of her situation .
but now i belive lsd has its ways of avoiding people who would not benefit from it or get emotionally scarred .
when we arrived to this other city where we were suppoised to get lsd from my friend told me he 's been feeling anxious about selling us acid whole day never informed him about the situation guy trusts me like a brother and sold the tabs to some hippy dude he knows .
you can be charged with theft https youtu.be/07bjyxgxg94 for taking a protesters sign
a lot of people here seem to not understand that after bringing hendricks in for a high leverage situation in the 8th you can take him out in the 9th .
bases loaded up by 2 with 2 outs in the 8th is a situation you absolutely have to bring your best relief pitcher in for .
your gpu can handle 2 monitors without any problems .
when you are playing games on your 144hz monitor disable 60hz one for better preformance .
going to therapy with your husband would also be beneficial .
if you do n't communicate your relationship is bound to fail .
this guy goes whatever '' to everybody because he/she in united states of whatever
if i 'm recalling correctly it was some ignorant bs about it not returning to the water table and potentially leading to drought .
yes i know that 's retarded but that 's the legislation .
along with any/all associates subordinates '' family '' employees and friends .
i had never had the pleasure of seeing a us v mexico game in person so tonight was something else for me .
the us definitely were not the home team sadly .
i would have been fine if the game ended 1-0 as the first goal was quite pretty .
and to be honest the us had a promising stretch around fifteen to twenty minutes .
but after mexico 's earned goal the us gradually became worse .
with the exception of sargent who was a positive surprise .
we were slow to the ball slow with passes .
and when they wanted to switch fields it almost always went slowly through steffen so by the time it got to a back mexico had time to man up and panic occurred .
how can you teach a mix of urgency and calmness ?
urgency in coming to the ball crispness a use of the full field .
but all the while staying calm and in control of the ball .
so space dummy here on the third picture correct me if i am wrong but that is a black hole eating a galaxy anyone know the same galaxy and black hole ?
i visited a family member who lived in a bike friendly city portland oregon .
it was the first time i ever saw a bike lane and i was amused by it .
bought a used 90 's mtb bike off craigslist and my adult life was forever changed .
okay this was a good clip but is he hearing the sound through the headphones but on stream you ca n't hear it ?
it would make sense that the guitar amd drum .
techs would be us amd probably guys that the galactic empire worked with or recommended since it would be theor technicians for their instruments and gear suppose after that koba just decided to go full us
check the weather for the time you 're coming so you can plan ahead .
in the city i think the cosmopolitan hotel has an ice skating rink still up in the first few weeks of january .
zion is beautiful in utah and only about 2.5 hours from here .
again check weather if you 're gon na be camping .
the bellagio always has their beautiful display up in their lobby that people love to walk through and it changes per season .
actually did you know nuclear power plants are a very clean source of energy ?
i was using an extreme to magnify the contrast and show how ludicrous the pricing is .
twow it 's gon na be yeeeeeaaars before you can face me
there is n't even a bar on the other side of the tracks .
literally nothing stopping her from driving forward except what 's between her ears .
life gave me demons but i made friends with the devil so i 'm invincible
those learn cpr '' booths at airports are worth it if you have time
i mean the cx is a way nicer car to look at and drive .
and 45 was a d list celebrity and as a politician many more rungs down yet won .
it was the dems race to to lose and there 's no one reason why they lost it but poor campaign decisions fundamental lack of understanding of the political climate voter suppression and many on the left staying home each played a part .
shoot https instagram.com/wattsupparker ? igshid=v8m3ucrgg2ec this guy a dm on instagram .
there was a few folk named adolf hitler in new york before world war 2 and none after .
yes it does make him look better it 's literally a series of journalists and politicians going up to the podium and roasting themselves .
how would the software know what to replace the stick with ?
the stick is small so it 's not too hard for a potential algorithm to remove .
photoshop can already do it in this case the algorithm could have used multiple frames to estimate the background .
if it 's a 360 camera then it 's probably how the 360 camera does it internally .
this feels like a baited post by an fbi agent cause anyone who has used a rifle before knows this is bullshit
of homeland security forced to release list of keywords used to monitor social networking sites https www.forbes.com/sites/reuvencohen/2012/05/26/department-of-homeland-security-forced-to-release-list-of-keywords-used-to-monitor-social-networking-sites 1931de8acd05
i have exactly such an imu on my current project .
i will be using a single class to represent the device .
i 'm running the two sensors at the same odr and will read all the output registers in a single i2c transfer they have adjacent addresses .
the i2c driver is another class which is accessed through an abstract interface .
i suppose you could could write an accel class and a gyro class which have no relationship at all except that they use the same i2c or other comms .
this should work as long as the data transfers are properly serialised i use a queue and interrupts to drive it .
i tend to think in terms of particular use cases and narrow simple interfaces more than oo .
such devices often have a vast array of possible configurations .
you could try to capture all of them in some general purpose way but yagni .
i have used this device before but with a completely different approach to data gathering it can cache many readings in a fifo which can be read out as a single large block once a second or whatever .
so i ca n't directly reuse the code in this case .
automod the following is a copy of the above post .
this comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
so for context i 21m am a latino man with a very mixed heritage .
my mother is 100 ecuadorian and my father is 50 white a bunch of european shit and 50 puerto rican .
my father 's european ancestry is on the paternal side as a result i have a very white-sounding last name .
so last week i was at my friend 's apartment with a bunch of other kids and one of my friends who 's a huge stoner thought it would be a good idea to bring some of his burnout friends .
so we started playing beer pong and by this point i was really drunk .
i was up against one of my friend 's burnout friends .
i had met this kid before and really dislike him because he 's just such a dick .
so every time he sinks a cup he says suck it white boy '' and every time i miss a cup he tells me i suck in some fashion followed by white boy . ''
i politely asked him to stop calling me that but of course he did n't listen .
so after the 7th or 8th time i 'm called white boy i respond with you 're probably more white than i am you lightskin douche ! ''
he has very very light skin for a black person .
as soon as i said that i felt like everyone in the room recoiled .
immediately everyone was like come on man that was n't cool you got ta apologize '' but i refused .
i 'm sure i could 've responded more calmly but i tried and it did n't exactly work and i was also pretty inebriated .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i wish i could shout this for all to hear .
i 'm seeing more and more of this and everyone who does it seems to think they are so clever
if you want your comment to count toward judgment include only one of the following abbreviations in your comment .
if you do n't include a judgement abbreviation the bot will ignore you when it looks for the top voted comment .
you 're the asshole the other party is not yta
you 're not the a-hole the other party is nta
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
you look like the type of guy who 'd send people to the hospital .
or not pay the check for a meal that you did n't like .
would this be good for the patient 's body being more receptive to the new organ as well ?
i do the same but i get a new '' cardboard box from liquor store .
beer boxes are the perfect size for packing food to bring somewhere else .
it 's a very cool and interesting sub though still being disturbing and nightmarish the artistic qualities and creativity of it is amazing .
okay so for number 1 it 's a bit of both .
mr is accessed like hopping around between low and high rank hunts .
you can only go to the new area in master rank but you can just go back to the rest of the areas whenever you want .
if you have assignments obviously knock those out but the rest is kinda up to you .
if you 're looking to unlock the new monsters keep doing dlc campaign .
a lot of them will begin showing up in various places once you discover them .
a lot of them can be earned in game by default and there are also event armors that show up for limited time .
but there are only a limited amount of them right now .
so it 's a bit of both here as well .
i personally would just google the ones i want and see if i can get them at any time or need to wait for an event .
if you have any follow up questions just holler .
well we know he does n't have a samsung .
there 's not a lot of copyrighted characters that were shown or that were important to the story .
fairy tale stories snow white pinocchio peter pan little red riding hood etc .
are public domain stories so they can use them without problem the same way shrek does for example .
the biggest loss it that we wo n't get anasui 's mickey/disney rant or we 'll get it with different names .
spiderman and other mentioned characters will probably be cut get a similar fake name or be replaced with other stuff but it wo n't change the story at all .
i wonder if they can get kenshiro and raoh to appear though .
i dunno dude at this point flying pig fucker '' sounds like a hell of a compliment .
it 's just that the time to execute the attack after evasion was so low back then .
also double kick after evasion is already available in 3.4 so you do n't even need to evade cancel the first kick anymore .
i 'm wondering if they extended the time on 3.4 again .
i think you 're beautiful '' dog licking peanut butter off your butthole
let me guess.. you 're gon na come out and say it 's actually in good faith '' .
did none of the people check what ammo theyre supposed to be shooting or they basically missed the vest and ended up hitting the neck ?
imma name my next fnv character nra so i can be a terrorist in california irl and in game
wow how do you go to sleep with that boner man ?
definitely not a joke of an argument when you 're dealing with racial tensions .
it 's just hypocritical to think one racial group is incapable of being offended/feeling oppressed due to their ancestral history .
it 's an incredibly hypocritical stance and one that will surely cause problems in the future for our society .
there must be better ways to come together as a society if we want to deal with race relations .
i want to clarify i 'm not talking morals .
what i 'm stating is why it 's currently not illegal to give your fetus fas .
like i agree with how fucked up second hand smoking is or people hurling abuse in the street or any other myriad of things .
but there 's just some things we can not enforce because they clash with fundamental rights and this is one of them .
you have the right to fuck up your own baby 's life.. unfortunately .
i do n't know any fas legislation that you could possibly draft that would n't lead to anti-abortion laws .
because what you 'd do at the creation of that law is grant a fetus rights .
if this has desert botes its an easy buy for me aw yes
there are natural remedies club soda cream pies try to lure them all into a tiny car but imo your efforts will only make the problem worse .
you need to allow enough clowns to tessellate that they start to attract the clowns natural predators .
then just sit back and let nature do its thing .
in fact 'harming ' it might be exactly what is supposed to happen .
for all we know it was an alien probe that crashed on earth billions of years ago that contaminated what was here and led to the rise of all complex life on earth .
that link is staying blue but i appreciate you pimp
within that price range you 're looking at either 1u lapping film on a surface plate or a 12k naniwa ss .
both will work fine for maintaining a basically healthy edge .
your post has been removed because it is a frequently asked question .
if you have n't already try these steps to find similar questions
search for similar questions on r/askmen using keywords from your request .
consult the frequently asked questions http www.reddit.com/r/askmen/wiki/index page on our sidebar for a collection of a few of the most frequently asked topics here .
a bowl is a wider cup and a plate is a wider flatter bowl .
plates are not necessarily any larger in diameter than a bowl .
there are large bowls and small plates in the world that screw this premise .
the real difference between bowls and plates is not width ... its depth .
you have to get to top 10 if you had that 7 kills in top 10 you would have gotten plus 18 points and above .
please remember to be civil when commenting and follow our rules https www.reddit.com/r/squaredcircle/wiki/index .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/squaredcircle if you have any questions or concerns .
a lot of people thought their family members would n't stoop so low as to rob from them even kill them .
head on over to r/personalfinance and r/legaladvice to see how that turned out .
this is a good opportunity to turn this on whoever wants to do a redistribution though .
since you said you do n't plan on selling it we 'll see how that holds up to the test of time though ask them why they want to redistribute because it seems like they want to sell the last few memories of your grandma to buy a new tv seeing as the knowledge of its value started all this .
you can pull down the screen on android use the ... menu at the top or just go to the page again https gamerdvr.com/gamer/conor-temple/videos
i pulled your account up and i see 3 gow5 and 3 pvs.z videos after the worms so they are there .
i suspect it 'll have good hitboxes because it 's the unreal 4 engine
yeah i fucking wrecked the top player on playstation one time .
just because you play the game that much does n't mean you 're anywhere near the best .
i 've found having a healthy lifestyle and working out keeps my reflexes going strong and somebody who has no fucking life and is probably extremely out of shape just cant compete with people with balanced lifestyles .
the above comment was addressing his musicality and how lack of it will be a hurdle to his success in the show which is totally different from what you 're talking about .
while the raps he 's shown so far are n't really exactly the same all throughout i can see where people are coming from when they talk about similar flows and delivery .
but literally most of the rappers this season have done so which is what confuses me ?
i 'm not sure he can be singled out for this at all .
with knowledge of his discography i was not even surprised he was going to do some singing .
i 'm sure he 's able to do more than just what he 's shown as thus far .
so for the program i 'm in some patients have to do it for 1-2 weeks before surgery where your diet is low carb high protein .
it 's either 3 protein drinks with light protein snacks during the day or three protein drinks and ending at night with a lean protein mean with a non starchy vegitable .
this is to shrink your liver to keep it out of danger during your surgery .
i do n't want to risk getting banned from reddit altogether .
it was a political battle between fiba and euroleague which led to good european teams not qualifying
this is n't an unpopular opinion just one that you pulled out of your ass .
what compounds in cigarette smoke are the most dangerous ?
i can just about guarantee that you ca n't properly answer any of these question yet you have an opinion nonetheless .
i 'd be happy to explain it all again probably been a few months since i had a good look at the latest literature .
i highly doubt you 're interested though you just want to have an opinion without understanding the subject at all .
and no where in any of those articles is a quote from anyone from iran 'vowing ' to nuke israel much less even hinting at it .
and ayatollah ali khamenei while calling for the elimination of israel said he opposes a massacre of the jewish people in this region . ''
but hey as a jew myself i know well that you zionists always love to play the victim on one hand while shooting kids in the face with the other
it 's only if they do n't return a comment .
if they do they usually take it out of context earlier in the article .
maybe for the survivor but there are killers that enjoy the hyper defensive style .
that 's why insidious basement bubba exists despite how bad it is
i think pink and white is a really pretty combination .
do n't be shamed out of it because you 're a dude .
http failure response for unknown url 0 unknown error ''
i think its safe to assume the site is indeed having issues .
right mixture of sexy down to earth and gorgeous .
he 's said he has not been back to the hiding place since it was hidden .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with higher '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how much karma you need or how old your account must be .
the threshold for post and comment karma is very low and will not take you long .
persistent ignoring of this message will result in you being muted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i just hope it will get me somewhere with some hard work when im done !
if you could actually listen to your player base 's complaints and work on improving the game instead of ignoring them and focusing on releasing a new title every year then yes it would change stuff .
i mean i for one for want a game with a decent life span that is improving instead of a short lived one with no assurance regarding improvements in the following iteration
the hosts are n't army but they seem really sweet and do n't bash bts when they come up .
also they do a ton of research for each episode and it shows .
although in the case of sigma wesker can still be argue that they are both only interested in infecting everything with their viruses sigma virus uroboros so they can ignore the grail .
one time i saw a cordless vacuum that had a joint in the middle of the handle so it could get under furniture with one hand !
i could n't say anything because i 'm banned 😁
do you have the source for that artwork by chance ?
the jerk chicken with rice and peas is so damn good .
rice was cooked well and everything was full of flavour .
they 're tiny and each one is still 10c .
other than that i only drink water so i never have any drink containers .
as a longtime nikon shooter digital and film it 's been my dream to own every professional f camera ever released .
today i received my third f out of 6 the original f sometimes referred to as the f1 !
this example was made in 1966 and included the gorgeous 50mm 1.4 pre-ai !
it 's not the first f i 've owned but i am definitely keeping this one .
too bad it 's not blue ray and i was hoping you 'd sell me on some exciting use case ... .lol
without entering into a giant debate about libertarian economics fantasies vs reality i would just say that i disagree with both of your premises .
just because it 's important does n't mean everyone will pay .
and no the poor wo n't magically be ushered into an era of glorious prosperity when they are liberated from the oppression of state protections from powerful capital owners .
what will be ushered in will be neo-feudalism after a few short generations .
if he is n't as exited about seeing you as you are about seeing him that 's a pretty big sign that it 's over .
i 've been craving some one on one romantic time with him
if there was a time for an arc star or thermite it 's now .
yeah at first i was just thinking it 's a nice smooth interaction and looked cool .
but i was n't really thinking about how it was used .
i guess there could be a viable reason to use this but in the case of the example it 's completely unnecessary and adds extra clicks .
yeah there 's some god rolls going for caps sometimes .
i 'm getting ready to order a custom recycler soon myself .
really not easy to tell much of anything from that photo .
to officially cancel it i 'd have to provide hr with my divorce cert but i have to renew every year if i let it lapse and do n't renew it is that considered me interfering ?
dude you 're really trying to stretch the meaning of what i 'm saying .
you honestly think i was using the term extra money '' as a definition of profit ?
literally the entire point of socialism is that instead of profit extra money gets diverted to public works and safety nets . ''
you never defined extra money '' as money that 's in excess of the original government budget .
this is the first time you even mentioned government budget .
besides socialists believe profit is surplus value '' which can be understood as extra money '' .
in a true socialist system where business is controlled by the government
this would n't be a true socialist system '' .
under socialism businesses are n't controlled by the government .
government ownership of the means of production '' is the quintessential definition of socialism .
please elaborate how government determines the expected '' level of profit and how especially can businesses earn higher profit than expected '' when the government controls them .
also what incentive is there for any business to earn a profit in the first place ?
that money was probably not accounted for when the budget of the government was decided upon so it is extra '' to that budget .
so the government budget determines the correct level of profit ?
what happens if a businesses do n't earn the expected level as set by the government ?
i got ta say this is some epic level bs .
because you got mindfucked by a horrible strike call and forgot how to rationally think for the rest of the at-bat
the dream team is quite possibly the greatest basketball team ever assembled .
i really do n't think it 's a diss to say that yugoslavia would have been blown out it 's just the truth .
well that sucks if anything could they make the secondary slot invisible ?
ik it sounds stupid i just do n't like seeing that extra gun plus it gets in the way
while enjoying a meal having to listen to someone chew obnoxiously and/or smack their lips .
it 's the same that he gets to attack as a counter if he is stunned
yes without different salts for electrolytes your muscles will try to kill you .
some wooly loxodons '' could fill a similar role as orges too .
i listened to an interview on npr of the author of the book raising an organized child .
it was fascinating and though i have n't read the book i 've been ruminating on the concept and goodnight toys is definitely a part of that .
i 'm definitely hoping to help set him up with a few more good habits than i have
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
hs does have single player content but it 's roguelike .
however thank you for reminding me of thronebreakers i have to check it out again !
world 84 is about the only thing i hate about this game .
my mom 's android phone is about 8 years old .
it does not have sufficient onboard memory to store the current default suite of apps plus the os .
i just recently had to uninstall facebook just to have enough space so it would update properly .
in 2012-ish the amount of onboard memory was fine .
but as time goes on programs become more advanced .
a tablet from the same period with similar specs would be running into the same issues .
i should also note that the only apps she runs are a few news apps like npr .
exactly a lot of games i play handle it well it 's just these games that expect their players to have perfect internet that have problems
excellent looks like pilates is paying off ... ... .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
i say nta if she was being bitchy all the day and you had enough and had to say it to shut her up then i get it i 'd probably do something the same .
i call out my mates when they do shit that annoys me .
sometimes you just have to go nuclear on someone before they realise that they have overstepped the mark .
it sounds like you either need to find some other way of connecting with each other besides the size predicament which it seems like you are taking steps to deal with good for you ! .
perhaps you could start working out together get talking to her about health and weight loss methods try to get her excited about it .
i got into running again lately and it has been fun talking with other runners about their routes fitness levels and goals .
it makes me excited to ramp up my own training and push myself harder .
fuck sake she is in the zone and running 10k every day .
i wan na run 10k every day lets fucking do this . ''
if you argue with her more on this same topic make sure you are clear that your issue is not with her the weight difference between you but with her behaviour .
this was my repeated acid thought loop one of them at least .
i 'm a freak this wo n't work do n't do this nobody will support you these feelings are n't real even if they 've been around since childhood i 'll never find love like this ... ''
well it 's nice to meet someone like me who knows what i 'm going through considering you are here too. on reddit ... on the same roast me subscript but please do n't be sad because of me be sad that you sir have been here for a year posting lame ass shit on your profile to try to get a laugh out of your lonely soul which leads me to believe that you have no friends and since you are too scared to post a picture of yourself i am going to assume that you probably look identical to carl from aqua teen hunger force .
bandy bit hard on that fake and did n't have safety support .
‘work with republicans ' 🤣good fucking luck with that !
they do n't even operate in reality any more they never compromise unless absolutely forced to .
that is an absolutely hopeless strategy and i implore you to rethink that if that 's what you think the country needs .
you 're listing a bunch of very fundamental things that we should already have and flat out need as a nation .
we definitely wo n't get any of it from the likes of biden .
sanders might have an uphill struggle but he 'll actually try and with public support and a dem house he 'd be in a great position .
he 's also experienced as fuck with how the system works .
and medicare for all polls in the 60-80s across the right and left wing so i do n't know what you 're talking about there .
public support does n't get more bipartisan than that .
if you genuinely believe that corporations donating money to campaigns and then having their own lobbyists literally write the bills sometimes is not effectively bribery then you 're beyond help at this point .
look at how royally ripped off the american public are on soooooo many things our government serves corporate interests .
that should n't need to be explained to anyone at this point .
i considered getting the shooting star too but picked the milky way at the end .
there 's a lot of complexity to the in the milky way it 's not just a blob of gold powder .
it 's built up in layers and there 's a lot of depth n intention to it with how there 's a blurred background of fine powder that was partially polished off via the togadishi technique plus there 's a red spiderweb matrix kinda pattern throughout the galaxy that 's visible under certain lighting and also the gaps in the gold created in certain shapes to give it a really space like feel .
if you think labour is currently centrist then you are n't paying attention .
corbyn is on the left of the labour party let alone the uk population .
for example two teams of 8 with the available classes on each first to choose the class they want gets it
very similar to day of defeat if anyone has played that
if it 's like that a photo will surface lol
the prime of miss jean brodie 1969 surprisingly it 's one of the best anti-fascism films ever made
why would you try to date a cigar ? ?
thanks i 'm at the roon right now but you are giving me reason to keep working at getting it not that i was n't going to stop .
i quite like the roon these russian bb 's make the closer brawl/pushes you used to be able to do a lot tougher though .
reminds me of the 18 wheeler package that was always so fuckin hyped but was swoopes on a keep either side .
i support making your own post lmfao do n't know whats so hard about that 🤷‍♂️😂😂
i have n't played many systems yet though really just pathfinder 2e .
i agree that jaime didnt have to redeem himself from anything i dont know where people are seeing that .
but still he could realize that he was fighting for the wrong side his whole life and when he went north he chose the right side with brienne next to him .
else their relationship means absolutely nothing and adds nothing to the story .
there really wasnt a point to briaime if it wasnt to change a fundamental aspect of his character .
nobody would keep lying like this unless it was the truth .
time to develop a land-based variant to equip taiwan with .
hell give them a slipway over at huntington-ingalls and a blank check for their own advanced greenwater fleet .
do you have a friend who you can stay with ?
if he was n't doing a tv show at the time he just needed to make 11,500 in on-screen roles to qualify for sag 's insurance .
keep an eye on extras/background characters whenever you watch something .
a few roles here and there and they can hit that number pretty easily .
the op has not provided an explanation for why this gif fits the sub yet .
if you think this gif fits r/bettereveryloop upvote this comment .
if you 're not sure leave it to others to decide .
by design though it 's not like we were sending him out for routes and he could n't get open .
we were saving him for the playoffs and primarily using him as a blocker .
if you feel a panic attack coming on embrace it .
tell yourself it 's happening and welcome it more often than not the panic attack will subside .
the way they work is through fear of having a panic attack for example i 'm going to embarrass myself people will look at me etc .
if you take away that fear and allow it to come it will go away .
especially when ticket prices cost some people half a paycheck .
it really depends on which area you live in .
i 've heard from trans people in my town of individual doctors and random clinics that will prescribe hormones almost immediately whereas my path was through the official trans clinic '' and it took 13 months .
so your mileage will vary but if you 're in or near a major city there are often doctors who will prescribe quickly but can be hard to find you need to know the right person .
i was assaulted when i was working at best buy because i was kind enough to carry it a customer 's new printer .
i was suggesting like clearing out a massive underground hive type thing that 's a mix of the two .
you go in and explore to get rewards but it 's like a maze full of traps and enemies that inhabit it .
the insects would be like giant termite/wasp hybrids that specialize in different attack styles .
they pour in from the ceiling walls and floors from different directions .
the end is like a queen chamber where endless waves will spawn and get harder till your entire team loses .
start with what you know and just understand the basics .
it 's quite easy to get overwhelmed but focus on what you can do first and then if there 's time what you 're more unsure of
yeah i feel you it would definitely be nice to have that in your back pocket in october but you should be competitive for close to full rides at places like chicago columbia and penn .
we did n't but they did give my wife one of the cool looking cov t-shirt 's in addition to the other one .
edit just realized you meant they should have put vip codes rather than coupons .
he is a little overrated but you need a good rah rah guy on the team and that is kash
i would be conflicted to pull for tamarinne or save for limited since limited is well limited but on the other hand tamarinne is just op but at same time not limited so can get her at anytime from a lucky random daily summon .
best bet in either case to wait till the last 2 days of her banner to avoid pulling for her then randomly getting her from a daily and can see what is next a limited hero or just a new hero like vivian and determine by how many crystals/bm 's u have
as for 6 ss bellona or vivian who ever you plan to use as a farmer tho ss bellona will also help in wyvern but focus whoever is better to farm with prob vivian to help make others faster
learn something like vue/react for additional website coding you can use it for ui .
learn how to use node.js use primus for websockets and use either uws or ws for transform layer socket.io is still slow imho .
use mongodb on the backend for storing player names and etc .
look at nodemon for handling node server uptime l .
figure out how to do clustered primus pass websockets connection to game server once they connect and leave lobby server .
client is running ui on phaser.js you send keypress updates via websockets to game server this is verified and simulated on server then sent to clients for rendering .
rendering on client needs to interpolate both server updates and client keypress as they happen .
node.js with primus handling websockets connections handle keypress and physics sim send regular updates to all clients in same room '' '' map '' and verify noone is cheating sending 100s of keypress etc .
use cordova or etc to generate a wrapper client that pulls in game page using a webview .
i 'll take mine when you all hornet and wet and shit
our guys better cut off burrow 's avenues before this turns into taylor cornelius part 2
go to hr and draw clear boundaries of what you 're willing to put up with .
the so called movement could n't beat clinton in 2016 and does n't look like it 'll do much this time either .
i tried to avoid mentioning 2016 because it 's incredibly contentious and there are many of those who will be voting in the 2020 primary who rightly believe that the '16 primary was manipulated very heavily by party leaders as evidenced by the testimony of a dnc chair and vice chair .
nonetheless bernie won 43 states and millions of votes with a fraction of the cost .
he was a previously unknown senator and went up a massive political machine .
trump won '16 with a fraction of the overall 1.2bn that hillary spent and he 's even less popular now than he was then .
it 's interesting that you 're the one dismissing reality and then calling your detractor the one that 's absurd .
grass roots campaigns have not only proven to be competitive against more well funded campaigns but also proven to win .
i watched her beat caroline wozniacki earlier in the tourney .
serena is the only other woman i 've seen hit the ball that hard .
she 's going to be good for a long time i think .
those two have been fighting the cream of the crop for a while now and dispatching all of them .
tbh the fact is that a respectable full ufc career could be something like 4-4 .
these guys set a completely different standard especially considering the era of dual championships and huge money fights .
it 's just as cool to see these guys at the top having some solidarity in their divisions as it to see guys like nate and jorge or pettis and cerrone having success in bamf fights in multiple divisions .
i second this idea maybe a tele discord grp or something ?
i wonder if spamming a few ice walls works as well as against the elder .
it 's not the real gre is a slight bit harder .
i took it twice so far and taking it a third time in a few days .
i got a 169 on ppp3 and a 165 is still my highest score on the real thing although that 's more to do with nerves than anything else .
like if you 're getting a 166 on ppp3 thats your most reliable indicator for what you 'll get on the real thing assuming you dont have test anxiety issues like me
mmmmm are you hiding that hot pussy that 's been fucking all weekend from us ?
se lula e dilma estavam sendo grampeados então se eles tivessem combinado nomear o lula só para ele ganhar foro privilegiado novamente isso teria sido pego e vazado pela lava-jato .
mas como uma conversa com esse tom de pegos no flagra ! ''
não aconteceu o melhor que conseguiram foi aquela coisa do bessias '' que é muito dependente do contexto com que é apresentado .
tried a while ago only did 30k dmg even with target .
did the woman you cheerfully suggested should die have some incurable disease ?
you have no idea what brought that person to that point or what it might take to pull them from there .
i 'm far more aware of how many commit suicide and what its effects are than you will ever be until it 's too late .
how many more would die when you provide them a medical and moral out that feeds on depressed thoughts of worthlessness ?
you 're talking about state sanctioned suicide that 's entirely different from taking organs from the deceased .
you want to add a marketing campaign and outreach program to it apparently .
come on in and we 'll put you down for good .
that 's not ok and it will thankfully never happen .
life is hard but you have epilepsy and a personality disorder that 's so far from a death sentence .
it 's your depression telling you life will only get worse reality is that your life is changing and that can feel like an end but it can also be a beginning to something else .
i hesitate to tell you this but i do n't begrudge my father for killing him self .
i understand it because we 're a lot a like .
however more than anything i wish i could tell him that the one person that could understand what i 'm going through is gone forever and just maybe we could have helped each other even if he was in a homeless shelter he 'd be my father .
you 're justifying your own fear of the future with religion and sacrifice there 's no greater good you 're serving by giving your lungs to some douche bag while you leave your child alone .
your life is changing and that sucks but julius fucking caesar was an epileptic so do n't use it as an excuse to off yourself because i 'm not buying it .
your bpd is getting the better of you never stop fighting that .
if god wanted you to kill yourself he probably would n't have made it a sin .
if he was silver i would say he 's trip from dr aphra
just goes to show how much you look at is ads
the level of cynicism and hate entry level jobs and the large corporations that provide them receive is astounding .
i have all the respect in the world for folks who can work in food service because it 's something i 've never done nor do i want to do .
if they have found a measure of happiness in what they do who are we to shit all over that with our terrible attitudes .
yeahh the goatee was a result of shaving too much on one side while shaping my beard so i just went with it to even it out growing my beard out now along with my hair .
shaving my beard and hair were done at the behest of the now ex girlfriend who i was an idiot for listening to about that stuff in the first place oof .
this seems to be a recurring fact of successful marriage !
javale mcgee plays hard as hell yet i do n't think he truly get the respect he deserves
i ca n't form a sentence like a normal human being that early .
yes but it seems pretty forced dont you think ?
good for his sake that he 'll have a nice new more protective helmet then !
courses have a set amount of units of credit uoc .
usually this is six but some are 3 or even 12 especially those involving industrial training .
your program requires 144 uoc consisting of a set amount of core courses depending on your stream ai sec eng etc .
as well as free electives anything you want general education specific set of courses you can choose from meant to add breadth beyond your specialisation and sometimes discipline electives you can choose a few from a list which relate to your stream .
depending on how the streams work together it may be impossible to cover the core courses of both streams in 144 uoc e.g .
if they have very few common courses in which case a double major might not be possible .
i would highly recommend talking to the engineering student office about whether you 'll be able to double major with cs or not and the rules involved .
if you end up going with a double degree with arts you will almost certainly be unable to double major in cs .
you lost in literally every milestone except men on the moon .
you only changed the goal.of the space race because the soviets had beaten you to everything .
i was there and recognized someone i follow on instagram i 'm pretty sure they were taking photos with a professional camera pm me and i 'll give you their
did you ever look a picture of yourself and think im handsome '' ?
belongs in r too old and too cynical for reddit
remnant is quite souls like though with its emphasis on overcoming bosses stamina resource management having to restart a zone of you die etc .
he 's gon na take flight soon if that tail wags any faster .
i 'd say the real question is if you are more skeptical over the commies or the right wingers .
a lot of the challengers caught a bacterial infection in our lungs so we were coughing constantly .
i almost vomited from coughing so much stowers 30 tells us exclusively adding that she was given medication she could not drink on which also made her very drowsy .
however this is the first challenge i 've been involved in that we were sick .
however she did n't want to come off aggressive so just asked the guys to be quiet .
bear gave me this disgusted look like ‘who are you ? '
no one on the shows who have been on this show for years and earned their right to be cocky have ever looked at me like that she continued .
i was so irritated and i heard them say ‘f–k off .
with that the vanderpump rules alum decided she 'd get them back by getting a pot and pan and banging them together twice above bear 's head just after he went to sleep .
afterward she got in bed but bear woke her up shortly after to ask why she did that .
during their discussion in the hallway it went from trying him to explain himself to being an asshole she says .
others in the house were laughing during their argument and soon it wrapped up and she went to bed .
security remained in the house to ensure that nothing happened and soon after the ex on the beach alum was called out of bed for an interview about what happened .
so she went to the confessional room when she left christie and laurel stuckey were waiting .
christie 27 continued to ask her why she woke him up .
i was repeating myself calmly and he got really upset .
i thought that laurel as a woman would defuse it but she did n't stowers continues .
i kept saying ‘it 's not a big deal why are you so angry ? '
i was willing to let it go and would laugh with bear about it the next day but kyle escalated it.
where i 'm from that 's aggressive she shares adding that theo campbell and bear had also come into the room and joined the conversation which made her uncomfortable .
why are people treating me like i 'm a terrible person ?
it just really made me uncomfortable because i do n't fight.
eventually leroy garrett convinced everyone to go to bed .
as i went into the room kyle was yelling and called me a whore or something .
i responded with ‘oh your momma ' because i did n't know what else to say stowers adds .
i started thinking and decided i ca n't do the show like this .
i felt hurt and felt like i should n't be involved in this situation.
with that she woke up the next day and told everyone she was leaving .
bear apologized and johnny bananas devenanzio brought in christie to do the same many even begged her to stay .
i was in the military for seven years i 'm not gon na leave because i could n't get sleep she reiterates .
it 's just when people are disrespectful when they do n't need to be.
how does a bad pianist compose shit like the hammerklavier or those octave glissandos in the waldstein ! ?
very important to get the absolute basics down first .
it 's a game about space above all else .
tactics and strategy will make much more sense with this in mind .
as for hands on coaching the most difficult and most important aspect is developing teamwork .
teaching game scenarios that directly translate in a match ie not just scrimmaging .
technical skills are the easy part that 's just repetition .
although especially if he will be coaching kids/young players it is very important to emphasize/stress fundamentals like technique form etc ... because once bad habits set in they are very hard to break and even lead to injury in some cases .
if americans had protested like that breaking into government buildings and vandalizing them etc. they would have been shot dead .
i just learned that mulatto '' comes from mule '' so it 's more offensive than i thought but i do n't think anyone would be offended by the word itself .
16-1-1 record in baton rouge from 1965 to 1998 .
in slovenia you can get free professional psychological counseling at posvet www.posvet.org https www.posvet.org which is co-funded by ministry of health .
they can probably also advise you what to do next .
edit the employer can not access your medical information sometimes you have to get medical exam before the employment but medical professional that examines you gives your employer just information if you are medically cleared for that particular job or not and not your actual diagnosis .
you can read more about it for example in this article it is in slovene https www.delo.si/gospodarstvo/trg-dela/delodajalci-nimajo-dostopa-do-diagnoz-zaposlenih.html https www.delo.si/gospodarstvo/trg-dela/delodajalci-nimajo-dostopa-do-diagnoz-zaposlenih.html
if you run the cleaner without the main pump on typically the path of least resistance is going to be sucking through the return jets and not clean filtered water through the filter .
this is why you want at least some flow from the main pump to prevent the above scenerio .
more wraith mains=more wraith skins so you spend money .
and with wraith being able to be invincible for a few seconds and having the hit box of an ant she will be priority .
yes i 'm a lonely pathfinder main trying to have a good time .
the ruins by scott b. smith and the troop by nick cutter are both disgusting and horrifying and amazing .
i highly recommend both if you enjoy body horror .
i think both top and new are entertaining in different ways .
new is more personal and close but top is more funny/quality
panther will really test our o-line that will make some early mistakes .
someone in this sub said something genius imo in a thread about motivation it went something like this
instead of going to the gym for an hour or two what are you going to be doing with your time ? ''
for me the answer would most likely be sitting on the couch watching youtube or netflix .
when i compare the two options i 'd rather go train it makes me happy and helps me get in shape .
perhaps that little sentence can be useful in your situation .
also the old saying delete facebook lawyer up and hit the gym '' is also true .
the best way to fight depression or a bad mood is exercise .
the hard part is to dig deep and find the motivation until you get in that rytmn .
i do n't take orders well so do what you got ta do .
astrolounge was a great first album for 11 year old me .
i went back and listened to it recently and even beyond the effect of nostalgia ...
smash mouth always had the potential to be an amazing power pop band .
lazytown was not on the air for 12 years dude .
all their cds on those abilities do not reset until the 2nd portion is used or a certain amount of time has passed .
at 40 percent cdr tryn spins and can again in like 3 seconds .
jesus that 's a hell of a stroke of luck .
i 'm guessing that 's the car that hit you in the background ?
hahahahahah bro you 're so funny because emojis are bad god you 're such a pathetic loser
no but he can petition the court for a dna test and since they i think are living together and all that-he would have grounds to ask for dna test .
once dna test comes back that its his kid-he gets to petition for visitation and custody
i mean technically some of these areas could probably be restored with stone generators dirt excavations and plants and foliage .
visit your gynecologist to rule out hormonal imbalances pcos etc .
it was doing that initially a while back but it was weird .
the download was only like 2 or 3 minutes so i do n't think it was the whole game but it was downloading something .
funny enough i have n't used geforce now in a while but i logged in yesterday seems like there were some big updates interface looks a little different and i tried fallout 4 and it launched right away without downloading anything .
unfortunately your post has been removed because it is a bad parking post or it contains words commonly used by spammers .
this rule exists to cut down on spam and low-effort posts so if this post is not about bad parking you are not a spammer you feel your post has been removed in error or would like to appeal this decision please do not hesitate to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fidiotsincars and we will review your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/idiotsincars if you have any questions or concerns .
msc student here writing my diss on classification of satellite images of clouds .
to reiterate what everyone 's been saying clouds can vary in size massively .
when looking at them you describe the scale you 're assessing them by .
for example i look at 200x200km cloud architectures which is called the meso-beta-scale .
add in the fact that they 're not planar and constantly at an equilibrium between dry and moist air changing height .
having never studied them before a few months ago i 'm realising there 's a crazy amount of things going on with them and they 're of huge importance to the world .
he only reacted that way because it would make good tv .
i 'll blame it on it being 4 a.m. where i 'm at
du coup tu n'as pas renoncé au smartphone tu en utilises encore un .
tu as peut-être un abonnement avec de la data .
tu as utilisé ton numéro pour faire tout un tas de truc .
donc t'inquiète pas même sans facebook tu laisses des traces .
et pour firefox focus je ne veux pas être pessimiste mais on a déjà eu le coup du truc soit disant privé qui en fait ne valait pas mieux que chrome ... à voir donc .
that 's not an issue that 's just how connections work buddy .
they open up opportunities that are n't readily available .
it gets you in the front door but that does n't mean you get to stay .
my main language is german but i think in english most of the time .
i do n't know why my brain just likes it more i guess .
should also then just ship without engines because preparation .
hawkins was all over roughead in the first 15 minutes even though he did n't convert the double team that went to him took him out of the game and obviously the delivery inside f50 was no good from geelong but that was due too the flooding off collingwood knowing they can rely on their pace going forward to get out the back
how did you sew it on to the bag without any aida ?
in 2017 the conservatives were polling at 45 and labour at 26 when the snap ge was called .
and that was an election without the bxp at all and ukip were dead/not running .
currently they 're polling worse than that and are on board to lose up to 13 of their scottish mps in a best case scenario .
a majority is nowhere near a safe bet at this point .
you certainly would n't i promise you that as i 'm kinda weird at times 😃
oh yeah 2012 comedy i was missing baby memes .
this portmanteau https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portmanteau was created from the phrase 'balsomic vinegar ! '
faqs https www.reddit.com/axl72o feedback https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=jamcowl subject=portmanteau-bot+feedback opt-out https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=portmanteau-bot subject=optoutrequest
by posting on this subreddit you agree that you are over the age of 18 and only want people over the age of 18 to reply to your post .
if this statement does not apply to you or you disagree with it please delete your post .
if you have any question as to why this was commented see rule 1 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/furrykikpals if you have any questions or concerns .
that is true but when i 'm dead i dont care what happens to me .
i 'm going to let my family plan my funeral .
its not for me at that point its for them .
if them putting me into pricy coffin helps then they should do it .
if they 're fine with putting me in a cheap cardboard box because they know i do n't care about all that more power to them .
a funeral is n't for the deceased its for the living .
and make sure to bring a door in java or mine a magma block to place for air pockets
how on earth do what i wrote lead to that question ?
meine bibliothek android app ähm hast du ein smartphone ?
wenn ja strichcode scannen und der rest soweit vorhanden landet in deiner datenbank oder lässt sich nachtragen bin sehr zufrieden damit ca .
nsw at full strength easily starc cummins hazlewood lyon smudge and warner .
it 's just they 're all playing tests when shield is on
mmmm you can and i 'll contemplate how to answer 😉
they were both card magnets though 4 vs 6 yc .
yeah it 's the rare ssc piece that feels like it belabours the point to me .
but perhaps that 's just because i 'm on board with it already .
there are so many albums droppinng lately that i almost do n't have time to fully listen to another album .
yeah i 've seen that i do n't really want to use lag as a mechanic but thanks for the input .
as for dev stuff the nature of the level requires a dev door of some kind it 's a sacrifice i had to make for the good of the level .
the stars wo n't help you beat it though if i 'm being honest they 're mostly more of a decoy .
the odyssey looks good visually except for the slight blur because of the anti-sde .
my cpu cores are also running a few degrees lower then the dell visor .
it 's just example dude as if you have never seen someone not doing their job well irl
! yegor ! it 's been a tough week .
we 've lost more than we ever dreamed but we will recover .
i 've got a blank check and we 're going to use every last cent hunting down sangvis ferri . ''
! yegor ! these are the last safe havens on earth for ! elisa ! and the rest of sangvis ''
skk sounds like we 're going to be in two places at once ''
skk granted sop and i will take the other safehouse ''
! yegor ! very well my men will cut of all avenues of escape .
what that means is isro will communicate whether they have managed to establish contact with the lander .
please remember that lsc is a safe space for socialist http monthlyreview.org/2009/05/01/why-socialism discussion .
lsc is run by and for communists https www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1848/communist-manifesto and anarchists https theanarchistlibrary.org/library/petr-kropotkin-the-conquest-of-bread .
this subreddit is not the place to debate socialism .
we allow good-faith questions and education but are not a 101 sub please take 101-style questions elsewhere .
this subreddit is a safe space we have a zero-tolerance policy for bigotry .
we also automatically filter out posts containing certain words and phrases that some users may find offensive .
please respect the safe space and do n't try to slip banned words or phrases past the filter .
glossary of socialist terms https github.com/sonofevil/essays/blob/master/glossary_of_socialist_terms.md masterlist of leftist works http pastebin.com/raw/7xnqzd85
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/latestagecapitalism if you have any questions or concerns .
i know right it 's been a full month since it 's been announced
bro i 'm not dumb i was trying to be funny and the way he worded it and context of other comments in this thread made it sound like he has a ton
so you can burn down the entire building and enjoy a snack while doing it
dota has a bajillion more players than ow and i think i do n't play or know dota 's competitive system dota 's mmr system is worth less 1 sr in ow 1 in dota
ah right i 'm still a bit confused where to start looking then mate .
would it be in the export options or do i have to change each bone individually ?
pep has a bench full of players that are all more than capable of being a regular starter at most other clubs so i guess he has to consider what they will do if he puts foden on as a sub and keeps them on the bench every week
i will remember that u/bluejeansfiend lent 73.70 to u/xisanxbeforeitsakiss !
https redditloans.com/api/loans.php ? format=3 id=50071 modify=1 modify_reason=refunded 20api set_deleted=1 set_deleted_reason=refunded 20api
if you wish to mark this loan repaid later you can use
this does not verify that u/bluejeansfiend actually lent anything to u/xisanxbeforeitsakiss u/xisanxbeforeitsakiss should confirm here or nearby that the money was sent
if the loan transaction did not work out and needs to be refunded then the lender should reply to this comment with 'refunded ' and moderators will be automatically notified
i already own the other stuff by different events .
i will play some more ab games m. maybe some did n't count
you know those games where the enemy gave up ?
yeah that 's where meteor hammer comes in to finish the job .
i think an incredibly important yet underrated goal was gini wijnaldum 's opener against middlesbrough on the last day of the season in 16/17 .
that was the goal that returned us to the champions league and started everything else that 's come after .
certainly the most important goal in the klopp era for me .
the emperorship has finally been united back whole under the true heir https i.redd.it/7f9qf34xc3xy.png .
not if they blow it all on junk consumer goods like 10k plastic bikes .
while the uncharted games have lots of polish i always felt they were polished the wrong way .
the highest difficulty settings just make your guns shit and every enemy a bullet sponge .
i always prefer just lowering the difficulty so i can enjoy it more like a movie .
i accidentally brought a knife butter knife it was left in my bag after a picnic
super man batman spiderman whole of marvel dc with their 100 version of each character disagrees .
it 's all in the end how they are written i get what you 're trying to say but it does n't fit with this scenario since most of them turned out good ?
is the one on the far left a vape aswell ?
hudson had me do 17 miles with 13 at mp today apparently hudson is one mile nicer than pfitz and it went surprisingly well .
i even drifted slightly below mp at the end .
now the only thing left in my training plan that intimidates me is the 20 miles with 15 at mp+10s in two weeks time but that ca n't be too much harder than what i did today .
starting to feel confident about a strong second marathon in six weeks time .
i think we need to set up a few space marine bases there just to be on the safe side .
this type of reasoning '' is exactly how the case got cracked in the first place .
so you do n't even get a buzz with 2.5 liters of beer ?
we probably have a different definition of beer '' or buzz '' or you are an alcoholic
she 's like if benedict cumberbatch and megan fox had a kid
katarina is probably one the top 5 easiest champions to bully .
dont step on the fucking daggers and you win .
rumors has it this is the model snoop put in the game
when you add a lot of fish the waste is too much for the bacteria from your cycle to consume .
well i hope everyone 's ready to get carved up for 400 yards today
yeah it took like a full hour for recovery .
i think your racking problem is in part due to some give in the fitment between the legs and platforms .
you could probably reduce this by snugging up the boards that sandwich the aluminum legs and screwing or pinning the three outer boards so they touch the aluminum .
that dowel no matter how snug is n't a fastener so much as it 's a loose stringer of sorts .
two fasteners at each point of contact with greatly reduce your wobble .
i had a similar problem on a bigger scale with a pergola i built for my wedding that was designed to be broken down into to 4x8 pieces it would rack and collapse in high wind because it was only held up with some all-thread fender washers and nylock nuts .
i eventually just said fuck it and drove two large ceramic deck screws into each corner one afternoon and it 's withstood high winds for about 6 months now .
she got that language from yan palmer whose divorced but dating so partnered up i guess .
i know a formerly married couple who are now seeing other people .
the former husband does n't name who he 's dating as girlfriend '' or partner . ''
while his ex-wife calls who she 's dating as a partner . ''
if it was anyone other than jenna i would n't bat an eye at calling someone you 're dating in middle age possibly divorced partner . ''
if you 're married and calling your husband a partner '' it would be confusing for the normal person .
to take this further we do n't even know what the actual range of the taycan is .
but if you look deeper into it that seems to be the city range of the 150k spec car .
and if you do a combined range then it is lower then that .
wltp also gives higher ranges then the epa tests .
the epa tests are considered much more realistic for real world driving .
the performance model s is 345 miles of range based on the epa tests .
the best guesses are that that the epa range of the taycan will be 240 miles and might even be lower then that .
as a comparison the i-pace gets a wltp rated range of 292 miles and an epa rated range of 234 miles .
some portion of that was tax while the rest was withholdings .
when you file your taxes at the end of the year the bonus is counted the same as income .
any amount withheld over the amount you are actually taxed '' is refunded to you .
the tsh is slightly elevated and the free t4 is low even though it 's within limits of the reference range .
i 'd have symptoms with numbers like that definitely plausible for you too .
whenever there 's a large protest at the capitol i ca n't speak to riots since i avoid them i see like 5-10 officers on horses a few dozen yards away looking like they could charge at any moment .
i 've never seen them do anything though so i feel like it 's a combination of getting the higher vantage point and just being a general deterrent to the protest getting too rowdy .
at this point the tifosi booing hamilton is almost endearing .
her 's their darth vader and it 's almost a boo of respect .
there may have been a similar one but i put this one together on my own my dude— i doubt that the previous one had a llama directly facing the viewer and said spitting straight .
there is another cthulu game coming out on switch think he means that one .
if i only could.. i soooooo would jackhammer the juices put of u x
right i see why are people so resistant to helping the poor ?
pretty sure the fire effect of the sword is tied to the animations so in order to keep that he had to stick with the old ones .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
oh god oh fuck no run ! ! ! ! !
i think they are interchangeable each of the top5 players has a chance be 1 by the end of the season .
personally i would pick both kat and curry before giannis because giannis is the only one in the top5 that is below average in more than two cats tos ft and 3ptm .
but that 's how the draft went in my league
wedding night we were both so tired after everything we did n't have sex until the next morning .
i just figured out you can do this on the phone app too .
now i do n't need to interrupt what i 'm watching just to see what else is on and what 's scheduled later !
the only way this does n't seem nuts to me is if the companies in areas like these have many other competing companies who you can work for without rearranging your life outside of that .
i have a friend who 's one of the silicon valley company jumpers making tons of money but the thought of changing jobs constantly sounds so nuts .
i 've been working for the same company now for 12 years since i was 17 and i feel like i really lucked out cuz i 've been really happy with them .
i 've been doing software development with them for 8 of the last 12 years and i was curious about the tenure of our devs to compare .
our current devs over 200 are currently at an average tenure of 102 months and we 've retained over 51 of all devs we 've ever hired .
now i do have to point out this is a company in az not like a company in seattle/san francisco or whatever so i think the job cultures are just different at different places .
i thought it was kinda like the mr krabs and plankton thing
i told my coworkers months before that i am getting a cuter nose .
they could n't care less 😂 they are happy i am happy .
only one tried to shame me saying what about body positivity but in my mind body positivity is loving what you love and being empowered to improve what you dont love .
check out these resources made for new and returning players !
the unofficial warframe handbook by dappermuffin https docs.google.com/document/d/1ylw9hk2ol6yam3mmnbycbuhxjmctg3gcqsbi4yy2gk0 use this link https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlsfwplqf5zfhejjildx7zl5glnagyx7ew5sfbfqortixcu9f2g/viewform ? c=0 w=1 if you have any questions or suggestions for it !
and last but probably the most helpful in general the warframe wiki http warframe.wikia.com
if these resources do not apply to this submission please report this comment or ignore it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/warframe if you have any questions or concerns .
the dude literally had a huge tackle opportunity and he just goes for the pick for no reason
i dont think so bro thats rng we are talking about
who is going to pay for israel 's roads if you don't pay your taxes
automoderator has detected that you have linked to website indiatoday . ''
in your submission which has been categorized as low quality and/or unreliable .
while your submission has not been removed we highly recommend that you resubmit your submission using a different source preferably a reputed and trustworthy source .
for more information please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/pakistan subject=automod 20blacklisted 20domain 20information message=dear 20mods 20of 20 2fr 2fpakistan 2c 0a 0ahello ! 20in 20reference 20to 20my 20submission 2c 20https www.reddit.com/r/pakistan/comments/d1dq94/if_pakistan_behaves_jampk_restrictions_can_ease 20i 20wanted 20to 20say 20that 20 ... .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pakistan if you have any questions or concerns .
people on this forum want what you have you look fine .
i 'm so sorry you 're going through this .
i was in a similar situation last year where i had to stay in a different country while waiting for my spouse visa to come through .
what helped was phoning and messaging often and keeping busy with other things .
it does n't completely make it better but it does help a bit .
i want to add that it 's okay to not be okay .
i 'm sure your family would want to know how you 're doing rather than you suffering in silence .
maybe give them an idea of practical things they can do like sending letters in the mail seeing a loved one 's handwriting helps to feel a bit more connected than a text or email or a care package .
there are a lot of legal financial and regulatory details that need to be addressed when buying a home especially if you use some government program such as va. my realtor took care of everything .
all i had to do was make decisions with her guidance and sign papers .
it would have required me making a massive investment in learning and time to do all the running around so she was definitely worth her pay .
guys it 's the first 5 minutes of the first quarter we are gon na have an awkward first little bit .
i feel a 3 and out on the way ...
likewise spending two hours waiting for kanye to do something and just seeing some arranger and ensemble play music while kanye stands around for 2 hours waiting to rap one verse just is underwhelming hoping the album has more to say than what 's been said at sunday service
okay so an ira hit man may have been bragging about his violent exploits much like mafiosi sometimes do .
she is visibly horrified by these tales so he offers her a ride and she ... accepts ! ?
why in the world would she get into a car with somebody who instead of regaling her with his violent adventures in crime horrified her and made her nervous ?
they need to sit dj down and let him figure it out from the bench if he 's still doing that shit
that 's amazing i 've never been able to fork a knight with a knight in a real game update and tell us how it goes !
fact is we are a long way off from science determining thc impairment .
my legacy should be making cities better places to live for human beings .
that kid has been waiting for a chance for them to get distracted so he can put stuff in the electrical outlet .
this has been saving my ass during my pregnancy lol .
you know 10 years ago if someone typed this only kc fans would be able to actually hear the words .
somebody could 've warned me as to what i 'd be walking into .
i mean live your life but do n't surprise me like that
as a texan i 've had run-ins with cactus .
they are n't difficult to get ahold of and avoid getting impaled with when you are n't going full speed into them on a bike .
great if you do n't know what your people have taken the liberty of acquiring from us then i 'll borrow a fighter '' she looked at striker one last time and if you need reassurance if the visitors happen to be my people then i 'll kill them just like i 've killed arkosian and erusean pilots before . ''
josh has been smart and i 'm encouraged with the pass pro
is it malfunctioning or is the sound just bugging you ?
i say just use it as normal and see if it goes away after a week .
more clubs should organize bussing to local '' away games .
am i the only one that thought bingo ! '' ?
the only note he missed was it was for church .
it 's a damn photo of a minecraft gulag .
no fucking idea where you got the rest of this shit from .
if it 's funny it 's funny if it 's not it 's not .
you 're reading into it so much to the point that you 're circle jerking like every comment on this entire sub .
guess the circle jerk went full circle with you .
the love dialogue is what sucks but other than that it still was fun movie to watch
i mean it really depends on the situation and what i 'm busy with ...
it 's a perfectly reasonable stance on immature wusses i think .
but invading privacy is dumb too especially when you 've expressed that you do n't want it .
well actually i have n't read that you 've explicitly stated you do n't want her to do that .
i did n't even see it when i set mine up .
why not complete the fight review the footage then score ?
nta it 's really hard to not laugh at something that absurd
its not about actually shooting people to silence them its about showing that you disagree with some certain opinion which is put in the speechbubble of the person who is shot .
like usually it is filled with fortnite good '' amd then the dad says shoot again '' .
not because we want to kill fortnite players but because most memers on reddit dont like or act as if they dont like fortnite .
i remember messing around with these so many times it was so fun .
all i know is that he e5 can solo sl14 after rework
so yeah i started making smash montages at the beginning of the year at a very slow rate but never mind that and this is my latest .
i 'm doing this mainly for my own amusement not because i want to become a youtube person but regardless any feedback is appreciated .
height is not a negative quality ever and by not putting it on dating sites you 're missing out on people like me who only swipe on short men
thin i could guess it alone ... . now the remark made it 's true that my comment has no sense .
it does n't make him a bad person but you ca n't force someone to view anything in any particular way and it 's wrong to shame them for having a different opinion about sex .
so i guess he should choose his partner carefully and make sure they 're on the same page .
he could maybe take a pack of two wolves but he would quickly be overwhelmed by their numbers against 8 .
1/3 speed and reaction time is an appreciable buff but nowhere near enough for this challenge .
they had us in the first half not gon na lie .
guess we all make mistakes but still good meme .
prog rock from my understanding was like pink floyd .
maybe prog metal but it 's too post-hardcore/emo to think that for me .
it 's def in the post-hardcore subgenres to me .
i wan na say whale shark because of the pattern on the back but then the teeth throw me off lol
i 'm not saying you 've totally convinced me but you put that really well and you 're right when you say the world would be a more boring place without this type of dram .
i do still think it lacks character but it does have value as a laid back delicate style of whiskey .
that i can not access at the moment but tomorrow i can .
that 's funny the smallest i 've ever seen came from texas too .
wheelchair does n't seem to be good replacement forvlegs better would be prosthes
btw im an avid anti griefer so stromber ruiner 2k and cherno are in my top 3 for noobbike slaying .
khabibs game plan was to humiliate conor by showing him he had nothing on the feet .
he said he wanted to go 5 with him .
he has a nasty habit of telegraphing when he 's quit .
my thought too it is probably for things you do n't want to heat over water bouling point .
because it 's not nice to talk with your mouth full .
you 're going to need about 25 pedis in a row first .
they dont do it because they think they 're above the law .
if theres a stabbing rape collision robbery in progress and they dont get to the scene in time cause they 've had to park across the car park 5 minutes away the public would also be in uproar these criminals are never caught .
they do it to be able to respond to emergencies as soon as possible in the name of protecting the public .
all of these guys are straight up assholes in their personal lives too really says something that the pats are willing to sign garbage humans because they are talented .
i 'm older and more into goth than you probably .
also someone will be called racist and misogynistic and obviously racism and misogyny possibly biphobia ?
will be the reason for her failures as always .
i love that he follows it up with i do n't even know what you look like as the reason she 's lucky .
like how desperate do you have to be to try and have sex with someone you 've never seen ?
no defensive basics they do n't know how because brown never coached it .
please just make sure to bring a sword and a shield food and torches maybe an axe and shears for the wood and wool but make sure to shield the butlers attacks .
they have a freaking axe that one shot me .
but i thought you need a map to get these .
you were so lucky because my first one creative was very lucky but we never knew what they are my brother and me and they never spawned .
i swear he called the root ‘maturin ' ... . anyone else catch this ?
your submission has been removed because we do n't allow crossposts from that subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/coys if you have any questions or concerns .
you could use this time to work on your future .
what are you doing to lessen the uncertainties and fears ?
ok very good what has this got to with the price of butter ?
i think the updated use is the saddest part of this starter pack
i want some crazy goddess to crash into me and have her thighs cushion my head .
are you really karma whoring on a dead member of the community
the whole no matter just heal is way more present in part 4 and 5
i am aware of this and by now it feels like an excuse for araki to draw people bleeding everywhere .
as for the rest i agree with you only a little .
there were many times before where i was getting a little impatient and just wanted to see more of the bad guy especially in part 3 but the fights on their own were interesting enough for me to keep on without giving up .
but part 6 recently has offered very little that are entertaining at all .
and never before has the series genuinely lied to the reader for no particular reason right after establishing something important .
there were confusing things like star platinum exiting his range but that was before that rule was established .
it was said that being shocked would quickly kill plankton thot then she immediately gets shocked and nothing happens to her .
jojo has been dumb quite a lot but this is such a pileup of nonsense that it 's getting harder and harder to get through it to the point where i feel like i 'm jogging through wet concrete just trying to get to something i enjoy .
it 's there just so you can remove a mask once you 've equipped one .
thinking of offering antonio brown to get chris carson .
i 'm really high on carson and i kind of want off the ab drama train
let 's hope the os does n't mind ... done .
if you need anything else just let me know .
edit ahh crap i forgot to have iomem=relaxed for the kernel .
one cazador is fine it 's just that they 're always in swarms of 5 .
we ca n't seem too passionate about this kind of shit .
the moment we do they notice and it 's hard not to yell and rant about everything we have ever wanted to scream out loud at someone .
we hold it in we come here and we let it out .
the kinds of assholes that do n't understand how their words or perspectives affect us are just that assholes .
they make me fucking cough up bile too but we have to try and minimize that kind of stress in our lives .
cut them off block them avoid them anything to just end their preaching .
never mention the pain you feel unless you feel that it is perfectly safe to do so .
our brains wo n't ever let us stop hoping .
we just have to manage it like anything else .
if you can personally i would start saving now and leave asap even if it was before 18 .
try and cash your checks into your own bank account and just build up enough dosh to move .
investigate how these aliens life here and for gods sake do n't fuck one of them and start a civil war by doing so .
must ask is there a boots in america because a boots at least here in ireland is like a medical shop to buy things like creams hair dye sunscreen etc no foods or water
like i said it is n't this post specifically it 's posts like this .
i need sour help guys i need exactly 15 upvotes to have 420 karma .
a mistress is a woman you have sexual relations with outside of your marriage it 's not referring to a dominatrix aspect
i do n't think there 's one country where people want to be rich more than other countries .
yeah there were lots of people saying bb was an upgrade or sidegrade at the worst with more potential to grow that hauntzer was on the decline and was n't going to get better that it was better for the team to get the bjerg of toplane '' rather than stick with hauntzer .
some of the most mind-numbing bs i 've heard from fans .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
! anyone can do it not just the author !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
i got ta say i ca n't see chad landing in the bottom 2 here .
i agree with kasha winning but this seems like an aja and april btm2
we 're moving right now and i lost a bucket of dinosaurs i 've had since i was 3 .
seems like such a small thing but they had a lot of sentimental value .
my grandpa and i used to play with them before he passed .
that was the only enjoyable part of my childhood i can remember being with him .
if your hand is n't the right shape what does your hand look like ?
god forbid you spend time campaigning for bernie and speaking positively .
instead it is much better inventing some conspiracy theory as an excuse .
god forbid the user above ca n't do all of those things ...
think of the amount of time it takes to be 100 confident something is a gun as opposed to anything else .
put your phone in your waistband and then quickly pull it out point it at someone and pretend to pull a trigger .
now add in the fact that the officer has to react instead of both drawing at the same time .
and then theres other factors to add to this such as the lighting .
good luck telling what is and isnt a gun then .
add in things like how fast is the person moving ?
is he pulling from a place you can even see ?
nobody is that well trained enough to have a guaranteed win in that fight.not police officers not special forces nobody .
the reaction time needed for that is insane and unreliable .
you have no idea what well trained '' even means .
your idea is based off of tv and movies and miraculous heroic stories that make the news .
citizens must obey not because cops think everyone has a gun and is going to kill them .
but because all it takes is that 1 in 1000 person who has a weapon and wants to kill a cop as soon as the chance presents itself .
because they are not going to let themselves be put in jail .
and you can never tell who that 's going to be .
so cops have to be a careful as they possibly can .
nobody not even the police want to die at their job .
they all have people they want to go home to .
so yeah keeps your hands where they can be seen .
thankfully when the laws were made all of this was taken into consideration .
again there are definitely corrupt officers and they should be in prison but dont put that on the profession .
it 's a brutal job that most people will never understand .
i 'm not a police officer anymore but i was and decided it wasnt the career for me and moved on to other things after a year but it was eye opening .
i know situations like those depicted suck but blame people that do them not a whole profession .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
to this day when i 'm stuck in gridlock traffic i wish i could press h then a for hopper airfoil
did n't he just come off of a groin injury that 's been bugging for some time now ?
iirc shanahan said he 'd be a backup this week .
i expect big things from pettis and i believe his ceiling is obj-tier .
yeah ok but dont keep spilling your tea on my feed
that 's not how i expected it to go but then again that 's what this subreddit is for
i 'm a bot that can roll dice if you mention me in your comments .
i got the message but believe you deleted it .
that 's due to them having combos for buttons .
for fortnite if they are n't having controls for shooting aiming and shooting .
moving sticks plus jump button build keys for builder pro and switch to pickaxe buttons there 's only two or three not in use that are feasible options .
those are used to cycle items and switch from build and shoot
that was a great post bruh i really liked it alot .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'll pile on and say yawgmoth is the better commander on the whole i think .
he 's a huge value engine you can do so much with him .
if some of them fall through i can take another look but let me know !
i support bernie but i like memes ripping all the candidates .
cutting hours for non full timers so the job does n't have to pay medical benefits but given how much your pay has been cut you ca n't really afford anything any way .
this also extends to no time off benefits for said part timers as well .
and when aasked it is always done bs excuse about less hours means more people for coverage '' which is just bull .
i hope i do n't sound silly but do n't the coins blow off ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
to be fair even compared to the other world class champions akiyo looks much more graceful she 's always a pleasure to watch climb .
he would just have to grind everyday instead of entertain .
flirt on tinder tell them we 'll meet up and then unmatch
i 'm not greek but many years ago i helped out a taverna owning friend .
his place was on a beach accessible either on foot or by boat .
his father had a boat and would spend the evenings picking people up and dropping them off from the much larger more developed places to the north and south .
my job was to stand by a jetty in one of these places with a walkie talkie this was early 90s and when there were enough people to justify the boat i 'd call it in .
a middle aged american couple walked up and asked if this was where they could get the boat to the taverna from .
i said that it was and asked if they had reservations .
we 're hoping to have a real good time !
please remember to censor out any identifying details and that satire is only allowed on weekends .
if it 's not gatekeeping or if it breaks any other rules downvote this comment and report the post so we can see it !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gatekeeping if you have any questions or concerns .
i usually just tell her that i simply feel the need to satisfy it .
during exposure she has imagine myself satisfying it to really challenge it .
luckily for me she herself suffered and suffers from ocd so she understands it really well .
jack would have lived because he would have had the door to himself if rose had just gotten on the got damn lifeboat .
additionally if the captain had slowed the hell down then they could have seen the iceberg in time and none of it would have happened in the first place but that gets into changing history .
it was the first thing i did when i picked up my 2019 vt and i 'm glad i did .
i just did my second oil change at 9000kms and i empty my catch can at every oil change .
it has caught roughly 5 or 6 table spoons worth of oily shit .
it 's not that much but it adds up over time and will get progressively worse as the engine gets older .
do they fit true to those uk equivalent sizes ?
ever since moving here i 've used my t-mobile work phone because my verizon data has been so slow
you liked dauntless when the god had bug was a thing ?
you liked queuing up for a hunt loading in and then just sitting back and melting a behemoth for no work at all ?
why are you even playing this game/genre if you do n't like anything but a broken exotic weapon ?
i am so sorry you had to grow through that experience
well not any song but i 'd swap out most of those for fade .
while paid games are nice i imagine it 's slightly harder for op to shell out money multiple times a week for no personal gain .
and understand why they do more free games vs paid ones .
used to just let randos do their thing but after several different people have ejected from the avenger instead of put it in auto-pilot i tell them to just sit on the beach in my car and go do something for ten minutes .
on the downside i now hear bogdan in my head and replaced the memory of my father 's face with the exactly optimal route thru the sub .
this is exactly why to me baldur represents affluenza in most cases .
and i would probably like heimdall more as well if he was n't a source/justification for stratification .
if you have any graded assignments gather them stat .
yeah as a kid you may have annoyances like homework .
as an adult you have bills mortgages debt work stresses raising kids .
its just genuinely a more difficult and responsibility filled era so of course we long for when things were better '' aka everything was done for us by our parents or guardians .
i was thinking of catering more to brew styles then i was grades of coffee .
i want to provide when i 'm starting out two signature blends .
one with two roast profiles that 's meant for a savory cup or extra bold espresso cup and one with a smooth light and juicy fruit and berry with a snappy finish to it .
after that i 'll add transitioning single origin beans from single lots and farms .
but i 'll also be experimenting with new blends and marketing them towards cafes .
the movie was great for showing how the rest of the sw universe survived under empire rule .
guess box office showed i 'm in the minority there .
but i mean basing a whole theory about the eden is just wrong nothing to do about linguistics if you are gon na talk about the eden you are ignoring evolution and all of that ... idk is not very related to linguistics this .
what 's worse is it 's clear you live on reddit '' and yet you do n't realize it and accuse others of it .
coils are not required in orgonite at all and often do not enhance it .
4pm edt happens when this comment is 10 hours old .
i 'm a bot if you want to send feedback please comment below or send a pm .
this is why i pretend that only the first movie exists .
however your submission has been removed for the following reason
already submitted this article has been submitted to r/politics within the last three days
i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/politics subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/thinkingonsleeping message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
although valve has reduced their support the game is still up .
yes there are a load of community gamemodes like vsh jailbreak randomiser and much more .
hell someone even put cs go maps into workshop .
and there are mario kart maps too where you actually drive a kart .
so i would second getting into the game also because scream fortress is near and you get to use spells in game .
i 'll never be able to get off this damn game if this happens
preserving species abstract entities ecosystems or nature is not a justifiable reason for harming sentient individuals
it is often believed that species should be considered and preserved because they have some sort of value in themselves a value unrelated to what 's in the best interests of the individuals who are members of the species .
it may be reasoned that species preservation should be supported because defending species means defending all the members of the species .
but if we were to give moral consideration to the interests of animals then we would reject the rights of species as a whole and give respect only to individual sentient beings .
a species is an abstract entity that can not have experiences and therefore can not be wronged in the way that sentient individuals can .
only individual beings can have positive and negative experiences and therefore they are the ones we should respect as explained in the argument from relevance https www.animal-ethics.org/argument-relevance .
attempting to preserve a species would n't be bad if doing so did n't harm anyone .
a problem arises only when respect for a species entails disrespecting sentient individuals .
this problem can be observed in common ecological interventions that aim to preserve a species with a particular set of traits at the expense of sentient individuals who do not exhibit the desired traits .
certain typical ecological interventions that occur in the wild reflect ecocentric views .
some interventions aim to bring the population levels of certain species down by killing the animals that do n't fit in to the ecosystem 4 http www.animal-ethics.org/sentience-section/relevance-of-sentience/why-we-should-consider-individuals-rather-than-species fn4 or by introducing other animals that reduce prey populations through predation and other related harms .
5 http www.animal-ethics.org/sentience-section/relevance-of-sentience/why-we-should-consider-individuals-rather-than-species fn5 despite the suffering and death of sentient individuals associated with these interventions the interventions are typically regarded by ecocentrists as something good because they promote the stability of the current ecosystem or of a desired type of ecosystem .
this type of intervention should be rejected for the following reasons
a sentient individuals have morally relevant interests in being alive https www.animal-ethics.org/interest-in-living and in not being harmed https www.animal-ethics.org/interest-suffering
b the interests in being alive and in not being harmed do not vary according to the population density or ecological function of a species
c the same position would imply that the eradication of human species for the sake of baobab trees would be acceptable .
after all the human species is overpopulated and has no beneficial ecological function but is actually harmful to the aims environmentalists intend to further .
why we should give moral consideration to individuals rather than species http www.animal-ethics.org/sentience-section/relevance-of-sentience/why-we-should-consider-individuals-rather-than-species
i mostly blame the owners for the dog 's lack of discipline .
every dog should get the same treatment no matter if it 's a 2 kg pomsky or a 45 kg pitbull
gold shiny would look very nice in the treasure pile right there .
my goodness and you think op has a shitty attitude ?
seemed like you were trying to deepen your voice a little too hard at times but other than that i liked this
my depression dropped a few hours after my first spiro .
my skin got softer about 4 weeks in and started actually having emotions .
i 'm truly wondering what happened to this team between spring and summer splits ?
who in the right mind decides it 's a good idea to replace a jungler that brought you to lcs finals ?
i assume he eventually errupted flamed someone and they decided to completely remove him from the team ?
tsm also completely dropped the strat of getting the top counterpick .
they did n't win the drafts anywhere else so i truly do n't understand why not just get bb a good matchup most games instead of putting him on aatrox duty .
i feel like him and zven do n't like eachother very much .
i think zikz is stuck in this tsm system where they draft scaling defensive comps .
probably has to be parth promoting that because he has been the constant throughout the last few years .
they also got rid of zikz 's assistant and put this annoying peter zhang in and they literally lost 70 of the games since he 's been there .
r/entexchange us a good resource for sourcing stuff second hand on the cheaper end .
you should be able to get you a good deal that you can make with confidence .
just be sure to check out seller post history and try to avoid trading with new accounts
that is a tricky question but from my understanding when there is a conflict between a state law and federal law it is the federal law that prevails .
so even though the state has a ban federal law does not ban the use or sale of ends or tobacco products in this case vape juice .
in other words out of state online retailers may still sell to their michigan customers .
just be sure to not carry 4 or more vape juices on you
a person who possesses four or more flavored vapor products or flavored alternative nicotine products is rebuttably presumed to possess said items with the intent to sell.
the 'thank you'-handshake in the end is actually very wholesome and made me smile
played rdr2 for like 2 hours and dropped it .
did n't get the massive praise for the game but everyone acts like rockstar always produces masterpieces .
so you might be able to get close to them with an 8 gates mitotic regeneration or hidan 's immortality combo .
this page only shows up when something has gone wrong .
if they had n't programmed this page you would see an undescriptive blue screen instead .
the mine '' is probably the place where people like you gets drilled ''
well on the second and fourth tuesdays of the month the place to be is the all souls anglican church hall for the australian traditional and bush dance society meet and practice dance .
it 's the best place to find a fun loving over-60 's woman who still has movement in her hips .
please make sure to read our rules and report this post if it breaks them
that thing was at mmorpg boss fight design levels .
i ca n't even describe the mountains of wasted ammo i spent in the dozen tries thinking how dumb it is that you get teleported into some realm where you die slowly .
i even killed a few things in there but only leaving the portal gets me out .
wait what is that icon under my health bar .
i have a buddy who will just out of the blue scratch his balls in front of people .
he 's done this since at least high school .
when you got ta do it you got ta do it know what i 'm saying ?
sorry buddy but too low of power level attempt 140 flawless .
it 's fun ragging on opposition teams when the game is on but at the end of the day we are all human which connects us all .
if i 'd been banging on about it so much you 'd at least know what the radio station was .
some people care as evidenced by the replies this comment is getting .
lee-sin falls off lategame tristana 's jump cd is high and she 's pretty weak early katarina is very squishy and threaten by any cc .
but yeah they can refuse to fight and there is nothing you can do to force a fight with a nasus yorick .
against tristana however i 'll play around the cd .
if you slow her with nasus and force the jump and ult i guess you can all-in when you slow refreshs .
that article had a lot of spelling and gramatical errors for an article on literacy .
it does no good to write in plain clear language if it is written at the wrong grde level ''
io poi sono altina per essere una donna cioè sopra i 175 e ho una chioma di ricci che mi fa assolutamente sfondare i 182 a livello di posto occupato avevo sempre i momenti di disagio quando arrivavo mi sedevo e sentivo dietro lamentele e spostamenti per piazzare alle mie spalle l'orso del gruppo .
salti il cibo e la bevanda e sei in pari .
finisci per goderti anche film assolutamente merdosi domani vado a vederci it e se mi danno buca tutti vado da sola .
it 's supremely stupid to criticize what you feel is not a fact yet not even provide the facts you deem necessary .
wir haben sogar spezielle cremes für jeden anwendungsfall auf der arbeit
generell sind die schutzcremes recht dick und bilden einen geschlossenen film der dreck kommt so nicht bis an die haut und setzt sich nicht in die poren .
i am not malay or english but i speak both languages
there was this guy who recently got a job in a mamak supermarket .
a malay person comes in and orders a chicken malay word for chicken is ayam '' pronounced similar to 'i am '
it took a few seconds to transform that malaysian 's intense stare to greatest laugh ...
i just tested it in tribute hall i with bodyshots againts a thrall and dmg drop off started after 33m tested with darci .
it 's strange because not forgotten has 74 range yet according to one post it start dmg drop off at 31m meaning that my 57 range service revolver with ricochet rounds and rangefinder has more range than not forgotten ...
this is the post that said not forgotten is 31m
is n't the objective we 're talking about here trying to save whatever they 're trying to gank ?
if you 've managed to force them to disengage then mission accomplished yeah .
junction would be second on my list after steel .
yeah now i deleted it but you were so fast !
what i wrote was that i had tried this but unsuccessfully but since many people are insisting that it works i 'll have to try it out more perhaps but so far it has been impossible indeed to hold any good and reliable aoe aggro as warrior .
4pm edt happens when this comment is 10 hours old .
i 'm a bot if you want to send feedback please comment below or send a pm .
yeah i am going to need the pets and the treats before paperwork .
astro and dancer are nice but require the full set of expansions and are not available when you start the game with the free trial .
for an easy start try conjurer or arcanist when looking a utility based classes .
the game is however fully playable with any class .
try them all it does n't cost a thing ...
about the story i took 200 hours from the beginning of a realm reborn to the end of heavensward dragonsong wars 1. expansion .
the first part a realm reborn can occasionally be somewhat of a drag storywise but the end will leave you breathless and the expansions are true rollercoaster rides ...
i was so excited about fallout 4 until i saw how the dialogue system looks like .
because then it would n't play on your nostalgia unless the droids would be looking like stormtroopers .
also former kidsoldiers is way more evil then droids and since the first order was n't that impressive on its own they probably needed some more elements to make it more sinister .
probably should n't have been led by this comical over the top trio .
losing an eye does nothing to hurt his hotness .
in fact the way he 's handled it and stayed so positive has made him more attractive to me !
i would but my mom said im not allowed to burn trash
except now he sounds like tig buk fesh wund duearhh ''
i understand pirating if you can not afford it .
but if you can just buy the fuckin game .
however indie devs can and have been hurt by piracy before .
he did n't lose he and cabana were both being sued for tens of millions .
they won the case but the state of illinois does n't allow you to counter sue for your legal fees or something like that .
or just tell them to put you on the do not visit list .
you were neptunemod yet you have a uni flair now and comment on more uni than neptune .
the freedom from a tyrannical government is protected by the second amendment .
not necessarily freedom from abusive or evil people who do government jobs .
i would agree with all of those points except the most dangerous job '' part .
it 's not the most dangerous job and i 've never met someone who thought it was the most dangerous job .
there are between one hundred fifty and two hundred deaths in the line of duty in recent years .
but yeah a lot of the dumb shit comes from on high .
that 's no way to talk about your mother .
look this is the most recent time i did this .
i think at this point i might as well be productive and do homework or something because i 'd actually rather do that than watch this
i put too much into attack before the last slew of updates and now i have to rely on blocking a lot more than i did when i spent the points
vg is n't an oil it is derived from oils but is fully soluble in water and structurally much more like an alcohol than an oil .
exactly which is why i 'm still waiting for a survivor objective rework that can help the m1 killers actually see some playing time in higher ranks
you could get them in game but it would be like 100 hours of grinding for 1 card .
what do you mean by in the context of a net gain goal ? ''
from time-lapse satellite imagery it seems there 's some pretty major logging operations going on outside of plantations and they certainly are n't for fire protection .
here 's an example https earthengine.google.com/timelapse v=-37.3064,149.62134,10.886 latlng t=3.43 ps=50 bt=19840101 et=20181231 startdwell=0 enddwell=0
i can see why she did that most guys are stronger then girls on average but i still see your point
i 'm not check my profile i do n't farm just thought u guys would 've found it funny
i will never understanding punching or hitting a guy with a helmet on .
more likely to break your hand then hurt the other guy .
are the legs of this desk as wide as the top of the desk ?
game balance is extremely important to the life cycle of a game and there 's an obvious reason why d2 pvp has n't taken off .
the exotics trump normal weapons in absolutely every way .
the nemesis sniper will one shot people int he dz while average guns take legitimately 20 bullets .
me having bad rng and not getting exotic drops should n't have any impact on my pvp performance but even the best pvp player in the world could n't win a gunfight against a nemesis sniper rifle if they only have an average weapon .
notice how my responses actually contain examples and info about the game 's design choices and yours are just get good scrub '' .
i think that shows who has a blind bias towards the game and who actually thinks about the issues with it .
around three-quarters of men will say yes to a bald proposition from a stranger .
so go to a bar or anywhere really and start asking strange men if they would like to come with you and have sex .
no small talk just hi i find you attractive would you like to come and have sex with me ? ''
you should n't have to ask more than twice .
so like he 's gon na get suspended probably .
the majority of people here are under the age of 12 or dumb as shit .
rarely is anything of value spoken on this shitheel of a webforum .
i came onto here looking for peoples thoughts on a level or two and forgot how braindead reddit tends to be .
so you design seatbelts for boobs now men die also how do you design them for boobs ?
there would be so many different variables you 'd have to account for .
and people not preferring to be called sis or something female is simply preference .
if you do n't want to be called gay does that mean you think being gay is bad ?
analysis of u/localfinancedouche 's activity in political subreddits over the past 1000 comments and submissions .
bleep bloop i 'm a bot trying to help inform political discussions on reddit .
stretching helps with those kinds of injuries when i dont stretch before i skate and i fall tendons and muscles get really sore in the days after if i do i 'm generally fine to skate the next day even if i do fall and hurt myself .
most of injuries can be prevented by stretching obviously broken bones can not i 've never broken anything but i reckon stretching could extend your flexibility and maybe prevent broken bones on some occasions .
i 'd bet money dd tried to implement the new pay model company wide and it crashed the system .
because after about 45 minutes of not being able to accept orders i got to accept a few .
they were 3.25 to 5.60 for 10 mile deliveries .
first time seeing orders below 5.50 in my area except one rare occasion months ago .
i was ok with it because i was parked in the 70 customer order area .
system probably crashed from the inability to handle the mass declines .
the str uses his dragon fist super and that 's pretty good considering when the unit dropped .
and the teq godku from the broly movie is really badass .
once you actually get into the meat of super though you 'll see more badass forms than that for goku that got a way worse shaft in dokkan .
wormhole society is very active with pvp and pve activities .
there 's a bit in a movie about cellar door being the most beautiful word combo english .
if we ever get behind in a game they completely abandon running the ball and the offense just becomes way too predictable .
and when you have guys like moncrief dropping every ball that hits them in the hands..
ooo i might be able to answer your question .
could you first clarify exactly what youre asking about the original sin ?
it depends on how your hair responds to keratin .
mine is curly as well and it despises keratin .
cutting out sulfates and silicones did way more for my hair than keratin treatments ever did .
your hair really just looks like it needs moisture more than anything else .
change your products before you treat it and see what happens .
probably a solid hundred plus dollars worth of fossilized goodness nice !
there is a distinct difference between having a blank mind compared to not attaching to or analyzing thoughts as they pass .
nono look at the top page 1 of 2 .
i 'm fairly certain that 's the best save anyone will ever make .
i ca n't currently comprehend better but am open to evidence that better exists .
i thought they were sleeping clothes he still had his dress shirt on in the earlier scene with tabitha .
i assumed he had changed before stumbling over to gerri 's room .
rough riders gm is watching this game and just recinded the toaster as part of the offer .
i am not a fan of the fabrics used in the guava 's .
love the color but really dislike the weird canvas material .
i guess 50,000 people watched catch me if you can and decided to try it for themselves .
i still have my portal floating around somewhere in my house do n't know where any figures went though
lmaooo i saw n was like why tf would u ask that😂🤔🤦🏽‍♂️
a woman in an inner city branch i attended once got up and said of mormon corp 's standard first vision painting i just love that picture of joseph and jesus and who was that other guy ?
doubt she was familiar with the various first vision accounts .
i love the look of black sand just hate what it does to the fish .
i just recently switched from black to white sand and their colors almost instantly became more vibrant
i think it was overturned in us v. losers weepers .
most sororities do n't use gpa to measure the quality of their new members .
they instead use more reliable measurement reverence for tom w. davis and his glorious clocktower .
if you have attended the clocktower ceremonies at least once every two weeks you will without a doubt be welcomed into any sorority of your choosing .
okay but how is it more likely that this is the true meaning than other reasons how do you rule out other motives ?
explaisn those other potential motives and decribe how you ruled them out .
as a canadian we are instructed at a very young age that if you open a door you have to wait around for someone else so you can make their day easier..
i would have like 5 jerseys if they were a little more affordable and also not total garbage .
what 's more romantic than someone else 's piss all over the floor ?
also we did set the records for most penalties in a game fool .
he did n't even use the link to her stream instead he used a screenshot .
enlighten us oh enlighten one so we may become euphoric like that one douche on r/atheism a few years back
i do n't think there 's a koseki at all since we are both foreigners .
we are properly registered though so not sure how they do it .
it is safer to stay inside ideally under a solid table or a counter .
when a magnitude 7 wakes you up though you forget it all ... most of us ended up in the street which is bad in case of broken glass and power lines which could fall off .
please remember to be civil when commenting and follow our rules https www.reddit.com/r/squaredcircle/wiki/index .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/squaredcircle if you have any questions or concerns .
first half of the film was cookie cutter of the first
pie does n't voice suction cup man the voice actor for suction cup man however was
yeah i like that more i 'd also place the healing tower closer to your units so they can stay alive between turns other than that it looks great .
she does n't think you 're here for sex .
i started talking to this group of people and this one girl kept telling me to look through this hole in the floor .
obviously i thought she was just trying to pull a prank so i refused .
after enough drinks i finally did it and you can imagine my surprise .
i do n't get how they did n't just have them stay with the first book it 's near perfect structure and story for a first movie to get people interested .
you know i think the politics and world events that were revealed in ao were never the main focus in cs1 and cs2 .
those games are largely the story of rean and class vii not the story of erebonia and its relevance on the world stage .
if you look at things that way the structure of those games makes a lot of sense barring obvious development issues yada yada .
it explains why cs1 was so focused on school activities and field studies and why cs2 spends tens of hours making the player reunite with the rest of class vii and other students from thors .
the politics and civil war drama in those games is mostly window dressing meant to give context to the experiences and growth of class vii as cast .
now if your response to this is well could n't have they done both a political drama and a character driven story at the same time ?
then congratulations you 've found one of the many reasons why people do n't like cs as much as the previous arcs .
oh awesome i 'm already so good at that ... ''
the world still spun around eos as the net was thrown over her .
disorientated she could not fight back as the net closed around her .
the only thing she could think to do was save abel .
reaching down to her belt she grabbed abel and threw her just before the net fully trapped her .
i do n't really need it anymore but it 's helpful to have here .
i wonder if the space environment on the way to mars would make it useful to have ss one half longitudinally reflective stainless steel and the other heat absorbent black .
i think the left '' as you call it is still a vocal fringe of the politically active left .
but yeah there are definitely issues in real-life too .
it 's just not as bad as sam thinks it is .
my experience would be it 's not a true sugar arrangement anymore as this is moving into a vanilla sort of relationship he should be understanding of your situation and the financial allowance would continue and be there to support you .
if he wants to stop the allowance you should explain you need some sort of allowance to help you withing living expenses but you do n't consider this a sugar arrangement anymore .
be honest but if he is stops the financial support you need to end it he is just playing you .
i still havent figured out what i 'm going to do with it .
i 'm thinking 4 drops per room ip cameras and maybe ip phones are in my future .
i never thought about that combo but now that i 've seen it allred 's style works really well for bowie 's aesthetic .
you were thinking about pence having sex with mother were n't you .
all posts must exhibit great execution quality craftsmanship is a must .
posts will be removed if they do not meet this standard .
this sub is about the quality craftsmanship and terrible taste not captions or social media comments .
posts should be self-explanatory and not rely on text/contextual clues for it to be r/atbge material .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/atbge if you have any questions .
i do n't know if we 'll cross that speedbump at this point i think the prevailing economic circumstances however necessary may have set the stage for a different eventuality .
i 'm hoping otherwise but fully expecting social fabric to become much more brittle .
my cat sleeps on my keyboard all the time and he 's a big 20lb boi
i kicked a hole in my wall once and i deeply regret it
i have found my schizoid traits are insanely triggering to both borderlines
i 'm not a fan of hers i just have never seen her come anything close to being sexualized .
if someone is just saying whatever to get a reaction why are other people obligated to respond in good faith ?
i agree that sometimes people just call others a troll or a bot because they do n't know what else to say but there are also situations where it 's clear someone is just trying to be upsetting .
the only way to win an argument with someone like that is not to play .
do you have a stable place to live where you can sleep peacefully in some quiet ?
do you have food to eat that is healthy and does n't make you sick ?
can you cook that food or bake some chicken ?
death can knock on the door far easier when the economic bottom falls out .
hahaha i noticed she spelled it that way in her post😂
by that logic you also ca n't say jimmie johnson finished 1st in points in 2016 and carl edwards finished 4th so jimmie had a better season than carl
its free and worth it for all flight planning .
you can even export the flightplan to load in the fmc and prefile through vatsim and ivao .
there 's always people defending christianity in most large subs .
hope he 's able to ask the right questions and get some answers !
and the bears are now in sole possession of last
good and bad that this has a tie-break after 6-6 .
good as i can catch up on some sleep before work and bad that this has to end .
are men going to fall into the toilet in the middle of the night if i do n't put the seat up ...
yea you have to know where to look i guess
constructive criticism is accepted and welcomed in every other industry but somehow critiquing an actor 's performance is off limits .
it does n't automatically but he lost the fuck out of it .
it came out his hand completely and was just sitting on his chest .
if that 's not loss of control then what the fuck would be ?
was just vacationing in queensland last month and it is indeed everywhere .
it 's extremely toxic to cows and eventually kills them pretty sad .
around rome italy and across all of southern italy if you see a pack of dogs you run or you shoot because they might very well kill you .
link in italian this is only an attack people are hospitalized all the time nobody actually died in recent years but that probably has something to do with the quiet killings of those dogs .
i dont really care nd also like just because you 're being a jerk yeah i might put the pansexual flag behind him cause fuck it ? ?
the fandom makes up shit all the time i know irkens do n't exactly feel love for other individuals but it does n't hurt anyone if you stretch that idea
like this does n't matter either way but irkens dont have biological sexes so them having a different grasp of gender than humans is actually even logical lol
also the only message i 'm trying to send is i like this i think this '' like get over yourself dude
are they scared of you sending nudes out and acting crazy ?
do they think it will explode or give you radiation ?
it would be easier to make a counter argument if we knew the details .
i messaged a college friend that graduated a year before me asking if the place he worked was hiring and i was hired 2 weeks later after he gave word to his boss about me .
now i 'm making decent enough money at a small geotechnical company 3 months post graduation .
honestly it would be nice if credentials were the only deciding factor but the importance of networking can not be understated when just trying to get your feet wet and in the door .
geology has a fair amount of career options especially moreso with gis experience .
however there 's definitely competition and who you know can make it much easier .
i just wanted to wait about a week to troll this warrior of justice flipping out xd .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/booty_queens if you have any questions or concerns .
or can you show me a physical manifestation of a philosophical concept which i can point my instruments at to measure its veracity ?
i do n't know where to begin with this because you 've bought into so many assumptions of the new atheists that it 's difficult to sort out the threads .
let 's start with a discussion of what reality is as you and i have very different understandings of it .
there 's no point in me responding to the rest of what you have to say because every thing you have replied to me with hinges upon that point .
simply put you have equivocated all of reality with only material reality .
how do you know that material reality is the only reality ?
i said science relies on both of these . ''
so material reality depends on things which are n't a part of reality ?
the laws of nature are inherently mathematical and are n't real '' in the sense you describe it .
how does it make sense for real things to fundamentally rely on non-real things for their existence ?
i have seen quite a few european events sell out .
while i myself have competed only a few months after i started i can probably expect that going to a big event like madjam or like some california events most wo n't place until after quite a bit of time just like if they compete at budafest .
though i 'm sure there are likely some smaller european events too .
yeah by scoing agaisnt the likes of fucking san marino in friendlies and qualifiers .
again trippier has as many wc goals as shrek .
i 'm not saying autism is bad i 'm just saying angsty self-hating autistic teens are a huge portion of the t\_d user base
no disrespect meant to anyone who happens to be autistic
some eu team should just sign him at this point .
na teams are too pg to understand how to fucking use talent .
your post has been removed for the following reason s
your comment has been removed as it is generally unhelpful simplistic to the point of useless anecdotal or off-topic .
it either does not answer the legal question at hand is a repeat of an answer already provided or is so lacking in nuance as to be unhelpful .
if after doing so you believe this was in error or you 've edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2flegaladvice .
do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment .
i know it 's compatible with xbox 360 a console i will eventually get but i do n't have one or the money for it
mom keep it up the dog will get over it .
you say this but there are plenty of people on here that will actively defend every bad game that sonic team have released .
the sad fact is that sonic team do n't need ambition or creativity .
if anything sonic team continue to test the waters of how to cut costs with sonic with forces being the latest incarnation of this .
outside of the sonic fandom sonic games have been a joke for a while but all you need to do is criticise forces or praise mania and someone will leap to sonic team 's defence .
sonic is a profitable bubble at least if dwindling sales do n't drop lower than the amount of time/budget a new sonic game takes .
everything from send a democrat there on vacation '' to why do n't they use some roundup '' to i suppose they want the us to clean it up '' etc ... read about 40 and did not see a single sensible response ... wow .
just tie a rope around your neck with the other end attached to the ladder thats ur harness just in case you roll off the side
give of yourself if you want to reconnect with god .
pick up trash on the sidewalk and mow a lawn for an old lady .
when we put others first we start to forget about our own issues and that connection is easier to recognize .
any idea where bleakness keep the jail housing darius could be ?
it seemed to be on an island somewhere in the middle of the city back when the showed it in episode 2 .
right so something like 9/11 which is completely legal under the law those terrorists operate under shariah can not be judged as immoral because that 's just an opiniom amd someone else would 've done the same thing anyway .
seriously woth thinking like this you 've given the people in power in whatever area you live in complete control over what can be consideres right or wrong .
also because nicole has proven to be a strong competitor in bb comics with record score .
she is perceived as their equal now in competition .
tommy or jackson for sure do not go to f3 with a duo and a strong competitor within the duo .
but i think in that scenario they will vote out cliff if tommy or jackson know they wont take each other to f2 they might want nicole to stay to win and take one of them to final 2 .
just the fact that they are labelled by gender is so silly .
i actually think her eyebrows look awesome but yeah big yikes on the lips for sure
same patch when the tiger h1 was lowered to 5.3 .
youll get your money when you fix this damn door !
well i 'll go after the low hanging fruit here and say o line help .
adding zeners between the output of the fuse and ground will make the fuse blow during over-*voltage as well so it does double duty .
adding zeners without a fuse will just make the zeners burn up unless the input supply has its own over-current shutdown many supplies will not and just pump amps through the zeners for as long as they last .
ad defintley does matter in guardian even more than ao .
i know people that finish g2 regularly with a slow as fuck bruiser offense because their ad with tian lang simply does n't get hit .
a good offense is a factor of course but it wo n't help you if you get hit 30 times in 10mins .
how many defense hits did you get during the last 20mins ?
confession i eat salt and shake without using the salt .
but there 's no law of physics that prevents us from producing more energy in a more sustainable way .
renewable energy is about 3.5 of our current energy production and we are already in shortages on metals needed .
also most of these metals that are used in electronics is not reusable and is never recycled .
to mine and transport these metals would put a huge influx of emissions in fossil fuels and because these metals are not recyclable we need this huge influx a couple of times even before reaching a reasonable of energy by renewables .
and that is not even the worst thing about renewable energy you need to store this energy .
if you are asking a question please copy and paste your submission to today 's daily q a https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3a 22daily+q 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day or resubmit a thorough and detailed question including your stats sex height weight age .
if you are posting an achievement sv/nsv please copy and paste your submission to today 's feats of the day https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3afeats+title 3aof+title 3ansv+title 3asv sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day thread .
if you are posting in regards to your day 1 please copy and paste your submission to today 's day 1 start your journey https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3aday+title 3a1+title 3astarting+title 3ajourney+title 3ahere sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/loseit if you have any questions or concerns .
got ta aim for the eyes or inner ear though .
i do n't get it whats the joke here ?
here 's my strategy for restaurants if there 's protest posters on the windows/walls/etc then i eat .
if they broadcast news from rthk or other pro-democracy news sources then i eat .
if they broadcast news from tvb then i be careful .
i 'm not always strict on it but i feel better supporting a restaurant that i know would give a free meal to a protester who spent all their money on gear .
i 'd feel unhappy about giving money to a company that donates to pro-police rallies .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've always done it at stand alone card readers and atms so it 's nice to see it actually result in something for once .
now you are talking about motion sensor triggered grenades .
minigrenades are grenades specifically designed for use with grenade launchers set to arm when they have traveled 5 meters from their point of origin and explode on impact unless using an airburst link p. 431 .
this safety feature can be disabled with an armorer logic mental 4 5 minutes extended test .
if you need to register to vote and then take steps to maintain that registration in this case not be inactive then i ca n't think of a reason why we ca n't apply the same standard to guns .
sorry my man i like being the tallest girl i know but you can have all my facial hair if you want it
imagine being a magnum gampie and seeing so many generations that your magnum dong created .
when alien archaeologists find our remains that dude will fuck those aliens and just keep fucking
anyone else disappointed that the origin demos are just instrumental ?
i grew up in the 90 's in a country where mental help was a privilege so i literally had to pull myself together in baby steps .
it was a very long and hard process but it got significantly better when my mentally abusive father left and i moved away from home .
i would n't recommend this to anyone though it 's so much better to fight this with proper help .
but sometimes they do n't grow up or they do n't take care of you why risk it
imagine the fuckin pulse on that guy when he realized he was armed and inches from the president lol .
i had a pocket knife in my pocket when going thru tsa screening and i nearly shit my pants when i realized it was there .
keep the s. the x is n't that big of an upgrade to it imho .
i got ta say this is pretty disturbing but the photography is actually decent .
every so often here it 's emphasized how exercise is the golden ticket despite comorbidities degrees of disability orthostatic and exercise intolerance .
instead of providing a one size fits all some and guilts the rest here is dr. susan levine discussing mcas presenting a case where mast cell activation adjacent to autonomic nervous system lead to pots and how it was addressed .
just give me an error message for me to google .
nah looks likes he 's saying you should n't have to prove residency for however many years it is and t should be down to the government to prove you were n't here .
seems like a reasonable approach when we 're looking at such a large change in the law .
but what if i do n't have any balls for the touching ?
i am building manamune on urgot after his w rework and people ping me .
i know about the flags since i was forced to use chrome for some sites i had it on but the flags are kinda forced things to do
if the option is there in the setting and you set it then it has no reason to disappear all of the sudden .
anyways i think figured it out when you turn on sync uncheck sync settings and youre good to go .
i already detailed all of this in the bug report i sent !
this is afterall the beta version so report report report and suggest suggest and suggest all you can !
if you make dramatic changes to a card at least give people an opportunity to get the resources spent on it back .
i think being able to sell downgrade cards for reduced payout is a good idea .
overall the player is still making a loss but allows more flexibility in deck building in the long run .
you seem like a nice kind considerate and well-adjusted person .
if you want a wife who will stay home and raise your kids full time you have to accept the fact that there 's a very good chance she 'll get a bunch of years into your marriage and realize that she is unfulfilled and wants more out of her life .
not a guarantee to be sure but it 's a real possibility that could be alleviated by loosening your gendered expectations of what a wife should do .
if that is the economic arrangement you want you also need to accept the fact that our society has put certain safeguards in place to protect partners who give up their economic independence .
you want her to be the primary caregiver for your children ?
that means she is more likely to get primary or full custody and more likely to get the house because that 's the most stable option for the kids .
you want her not to work meaning she 'll have no money of her own and a significantly reduced earning capability ?
that means she is likely to get alimony if you divorce .
alimony exists so that in arrangements like the one you want the non-earning partner is n't trapped inside an unhappy or even abusive marriage .
if you decide that this is what you truly want even knowing that you are choosing to set yourself up for the kind of loss that you lay out in your original post in the event of divorce make a prenuptial agreement .
they 're not just for rich people and honestly i think they 're a good idea for every couple .
negotiate while you love each other rather than ignoring the possibility that you wo n't someday .
the other thing you can do is and this sounds obvious be a good husband .
build a strong marriage through love mutual support and hard work and you will be less likely to divorce .
second option is to have a more egalitarian relationship which would lead to a different distribution of custody and property in the event of divorce .
if she is economically independent you are less likely to have to pay alimony .
if you share childrearing equally you will likely share custody equally .
so that 's the long and short of it .
your desire for a traditional '' marriage is the thing that could lead to all these things you are afraid of .
own it or get used to the idea of something else .
montreal 1000 i went on my first solo trip there for a week when i was 19 and i also took the train up to quebec for a few days .
so friendly cheap euro vibes on the cheap honestly .
but we should also say that the afd got something like 21k votes .
i did n't mention them because there are nazis who vote for them but it 's at least for now not outright nazi like the other both parties .
he 's probably a good one to learn from ...
i like that the top comment of this thread immediately refutes the post .
awesome would love to hear about the experience afterwards if you do end up crossing paths with it .
mine has mellowed out quite a bit starting at 6 months .
he 's get a walk in the morning and played with fetch/tuggies and we work on basic obedience in the evenings .
i wanted a mellow dog so i selected a breed specifically known for a mellow temperament .
the work of these dogs were meant to be companion dogs .
i was able to meet pups parents and observe their temperament-which was super chill and sweet .
so i knew my chances were good that my pup would have the same .
so i 'm on est but i be up all whackass hours and i can assure you that shes fuckn done these a few times before never witnessed anything good before .
she just sits in the dark listening to music and making 0 noise and it makes me ?
but also i fuckn laugh cuz all her 12 y/o fans are like wildin while she 's clearly having a moment
a good portion look drugged up and literally brainwashed .
speaking of which we know the cia has honed the craft of brainwashing https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/project_mkultra its victims with extensive torture and drugging and we know a former intelligence officer blew the whistle on the cia 's program to stage mass shootings https i.imgur.com/mn6spdr.jpg in order to compel the public to enact stricter gun control measures gradually over time out of fear of their own right to bare arms .
mind you this was the same man who predicted bin laden https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=h4gtvqzkr6a would become a patsy for a terrorist attack in 2001 months before 9/11 occurred only to be found shot dead http humansarefree.com/2015/08/bill-cooper-was-killed-shortly-after.html by police on his own property by the end of that same year .
i think it would look perfect to look up and see you just like that .
i 've played paris twice in one day and drew both times
i told myself i would n't make another serious character because i got too invested in them for my joke table .
so i made a goblin samurai who does n't believe that he 's a goblin .
and now ... it is soon to be revealed that this is merely a persona his brain cane up with to help him escape the trauma of losing his entire clan and the samurai hero he was is n't real and only exists in books and oral tradition .
i 'm wondering how was it a scam or they locked him out .
basically do just what you were doing but you can make a new sequence for each song track .
then you can select all of them and batch export in media encoder .
do all your edits first then do all your exports .
nah you need to tell him i ca n't do 2 things at once and i have to prioritize this can we talk about this in 20 minutes/when i 'm done ? ''
he 's a bit of an ass not prioritizing your assignment since he was aware it was due .
my so is a bit like that they have adhd are longwinded and loud cause they 're a bit deaf .
if i want to absorb what they 're saying i turn off any media and focus on them .
if they talk to me during a movie i turn off the tv .
sometimes they want to talk while i 'm preoccupied with a task that requires too much focus like parking the car math writing things down .
i have to remind them that i can not focus on conversation during a task to please give me time to finish this and they will have my undivided attention or do they want to just yak at me ?
there was a period of time where i also made cue cards that read please use your sexy voice . ''
because they were offended every time i asked them to lower their voice they were literally hurting my ears and i have a condition that makes loud noise extremely painful .
releasing this ep is a milestone for me after producing a lot of music in the last couple of months .
i 've shared a lot of those tracks in the feedback threads here and often got very useful and insightful comments .
this ep sort of celebrates the end of the summer and start of the fall .
and it celebrates this period of really producing a lot of music .
so with this project i feel like it 's the best i can do at this point and i 'm proud of it .
i hope after a short break i can get back into it again and hope again to share a lot here in the feedback threads !
by the way i do n't mind any feedback on this project from art concept mixing composition to whatever you notice 3
one of the only times i wish that was manningface .
i think your definition of conservative might just be off .
you are likely from a bubble where his opinions are far to the right of those you socialize with .
if you remember that most of the country he lives in believe that all our problems stem from an actual talking snake who is not a metaphor but an actual talking snake ...
i was taken to the dentist 4 times to remove a tooth .
they only succeeded the 4th time after they put me to sleep .
for my defense i was six at the time .
i do n't know if the movie would have worked with 30 other people in the back sit .
in fact most warriors in a raid will be fury there can only be so many tanks .
i 'm 100 our update is more recent and reliable haha .
yes it 's worth it and all you do is buy '' the item ons the ps store to start your subscription .
i recommend downloading the ea access app to link to the games quickly although you can totally just go to them in the store and their price shows as free .
but you can also turn off auto-renew in the ea access app so there 's that ...
further explanation in the 3 weeks since i bought a month and immediately turned off auto-renew my wife and i have played through a way out original reason for getting it and started unravel two https www.reddit.com/r/patientgamers/comments/d0vjr1/unravel_two_is_great_as_a_couples_game then i rediscovered burnout paradise https www.reddit.com/r/patientgamers/comments/d255x9/burnout_paradise_is_silly_racing_fun next up i 'll be playing the campaign for titanfall 2 and if it 's still active after that i 'll probably try out a fifa game for the first time in 10 years because why the hell not .
the original plan was to see if my wife liked a way out and worst case had spent 15 of the price of the game .
some stupid people think that they are helping their home country by throwing stones .
and the media rile up the indian population into further hate .
bottom line ... most indians are trying to get through the day-to-day ... same most pakistanis ... same as most people .
it 's the powers that be that want us riled up .
further it was sheer dumb luck that any of us are born in one country vs another .
i think the way it 's built it could survive .
mahomes kelce would carry me as kelce is likely to see a big uptick while tyreek is gone
not only are the parents being assholes to the op but to the brother as well by enabling him to not ha ha clean up his act .
may not be financially possible but i 'd look into acquiring your own car insurance too .
because holding that over your head especially if you paid for the car yourself and are buying the gas is another asshole move on the part of the parents .
okay but what if she says no to doing extra curriculums ?
slightly out of topic pero bukod sa may maingay silang alagang aso yung kapit bahay namin laging nag bubusina ng sasakyan kada dadating .
the back one and the smaller one with the tiara
i thought it was obvious but apparently it is n't .
it brings us back to derry and shows us how cruel that world is with or without penny wise but perhaps it is because of his presence that it is so cruel .
it is modern day times where homosexuality is widely accepted by most and yet it features a gay man being beaten half to death by strangers .
because the man is gay he is a loser '' or an outsider '' or not normal '' .
the same thing applies to vicky but much more so to adrian .
vicky is teased because she has a strange birth mark on her face that makes her different .
adrian is assaulted because of his lifestyle and sexuality .
pennywise did n't discriminate between either of them he ate them both .
they were n't afraid of him at the moment they had embraced him but he ate them anyhow .
the theme here is outcasts or losers being spurned .
the same losers who were spurned before returned to face off against penny wise and stand up for themselves and others where the others could not .
also one major difference to note between adrian and vicky as far as an introduction goes is that adrian is an adult .
we know from the 1st film that adults go missing in derry as well but no where near the scale that children do .
the original losers are also adults now which means they are still very much prey for penny wise .
they did n't just grow out of the danger he imposes .
i 'd make sure that my husband has a long healthy and happy life .
and we have people close to the person corroborating the claims so your phrenology example is really fucking stupid .
they threw away a bunch of money on an ai '' company .
i just thought they made it up for that blue mountain state episode
when we were thirteen i went to the beach with my friend crystal .
she forgot her top and swam in a white t-shirt .
a wave came through crashed upon her chest and i found out i was straight as an arrow and love boobs .
u/apiedra08 thank you for your submission please remember to supply as many details you can .
these include if applicable size origin store and/or geographic location age and any writing on the item .
additional pictures can be added as a comment in this post .
whatever you 've googled/found already should be included to save time and effort .
for everyone else if u/apiedra08 has provided enough details and is responding this message can be downvoted to get it out of the way .
if they 're not please upvote this so they see they need to provide more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/helpmefind if you have any questions or concerns .
warrior entity running math from various sources has the mass of an especially large star
it should be noted that those sources were talking about size/volume not mass
i used to give all my lvl 1 bank alts 7 stamina enchants on their boots just to have 'warlock trolling protection ' it was fun and games .
note you can not enchant starter gear but you can enchant white lvl 1 vendor gear
i think that if you wan na him it 'll be to be in the 20-25 range .
at least it will based on the way my league tends to spend faab
no i just think it 's funny how that was their first reaction
glad we 're making the colts wear their home jerseys .
just adds to the home field advantage this week .
is it really simultaneous occurrence or did agriculture spread from one place to the whole world so fast ?
i 've been doing diy car work for 20 years .
so i 'm familiar with checking the oil and plan to document clearly before going to the dealership tomorrow .
just covering my bases and confirming i 'm not crazy and nothings has changed with checking oil
i took it on good faith and assumed you were being sarcastic
so please elaborate if you 'd like what were you implying if not sexism ?
assuming appearance over ability without extensive proof is n't particularly good form .
i 've started and stopped the process of getting flying in bfa several times too .
oh i have to do almost every quest in my factions zones and grind rep ?
the thought of wasting even 10 min doing a quest that is not part of the achievement b accident makes me not want to even attempt it since i have so little time to play .
it just seems like if i get off track once i could waste hours going down the wrong path .
i may get it eventually but they have to find a better way to do it next expansion .
why is it a bad reflection on the campaign when you acknowledge it 's random people doing it ?
i do n't think this one is sped up or at least not by very much .
that 's what it looks like in real life .
virus bombs are way funnier than shooting an orbital canon .
you want me to cite a source that the gay pride movement was started by marsha johnson and other black transwomen ?
umm ... that should be common knowledge but okay .
yes i am aware that mlk 's legacy has been misused to fit generally white people 's causes which is why i do n't want you twisting it to fit yours .
yes mlk was a warrior in the the class struggle as well but you said he wasn't killed because of his anti-racism and if you 're making a claim that big you really need to have a reason for it .
you are making a lot of extraordinary claims and you do n't seem to realize it because those beliefs are a part of your worldview that i 'm not certain you have examined .
when i asked you for a citation i was n't calling you out i just want you to support your arguments .
are the academics at the helm of the discourse '' or is black twitter ?
a good case could be made either way but you stated the point as if your belief was obviously correct .
it is often easier to see movements as top down '' even when the reality is much more complicated .
we agree that class should be part of the discussion but a lot of reddit seems to think class should be the discussion instead of race .
if that is not what you 're saying then please be careful when you trod in that territory .
we got 775 apologems and what you got from story/challenge is a one time only
i too got a stupid amount of gems this month but it was special
looks dope but i ca n't even display it in my 0-11 dynamic
there 's 2 on the map where i live .
one played last sunday and the other is opening for grand casual on friday .
one of the better 3c 's in the league solid all around player .
not amazing in any area and not weak in any area and is pretty clutch
your lover album covers are incredible and i ca n't wait to hear more
i do n't understand how this is a crazy facebook people post
honestly i do n't know what i would have done .
i 'm so sorry that happened to you but i think your choice made her happy in her last days and it was selfless and well-intentioned .
it 's possible she was just thinking in very black and white terms while facing the end of her life .
i would n't take her words at 100 face value .
allowing for the possibility of cognitive dissonance could help you let go of guilt in regards to your friends ' relationship .
you 're a good guy and again i 'm really sorry for the loss of your friend .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with higher '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how much karma you need or how old your account must be .
the threshold for post and comment karma is very low and will not take you long .
persistent ignoring of this message will result in you being muted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
you forgot to insult maradona in 2010 batista bauza and sampaoli .
you can have talent but with retards managing the team you wo n't get anywhere .
i have a transoceanic h500 1950 's model that sounds awesome on strong signals .
the briefcase sized radio was considered portable at the time !
bine ai venit in romanica ... eu am avut proful de mate din generală care nu venea la ore ...
era director si trebuia să-și facă cumva minimul de ore. venea scria 2 mizerii pe tabla 10 minute si nu il mai vedeam o săptămână .
bani dati aiurea pe meditații dar am luat 9.55 si am ajuns la real la un liceu bun unde proful de mate din nou lăsa de dorit dar dupa 2 ani m-am mutat la uman recunosc nu eram prea bun la mate si nu imi placea foarte mult pentru ca trebuia sa pierd ore aiurea ca sa incerc sa inteleg .
acum sunt la facultate si stiu destula matematica cat sa ma descurc la capitolele de matematica si am invatat sa tocesc destul de bine încât să mă descurc să învăț teorie rapid .
vorba aia ... jack of all trades master of none but better than master of one .
renly killing stannis does n't change the stability issue at all .
labour 's brexit policy which btw was identical to ld policy until this move to revoke is basically the best one possible .
i am sure that if you ask anyone from any party they would think their brexit policy would be the best .
lib dems can differentiate themselves from labour with the myriad of other issues they disagree on
if it is n't popular then no one will vote for them and they will change it themselves .
he wan na make sure that turtle is not possessed .
georgia is allegedly a secular state but it 's only a facade in reality georgian nationhood and orthodoxy are two tales that go hand in hand .
mine is him watching interstellar with murph watching his family vids and reckful just breaking down because it makes him think about the brother he lost .
or when destiny talked about suicide when he was poor and had no future .
idk why but these are memorable and important for me .
if one in a million bites it 's worth it for them ...
can u do 135 bc shipping for me is ass ?
yes how to leave the poor unicorn by itself cry
i wanted to avoid making it 'too strong ' as it is always easy with cost reduction for abilities to become powerful out of nowhere .
perhaps rather than a keyword i do n't really see one that would fit servants a food creation ability would have been better .
i had to think for a second like yo who the fuck is aglhan ''
old yeller has left the building lol he 's on his break
subpar in comparison to cds and lossless codecs it 's easily corruptible by outside forces and other than the hipster factor there 's no real reason for vinyls to be gaining popularity again
yes i have eaten all my apples gold and bronze some rainbow ones reaching 204 boxes with 2k petals left which will be opened after the event ends .
as for the cqs i have the last four which i dont know if i plan on doing .
even so i will retry the olimpian one for the lore if i dont succed oh well .
i already retried that cq so manny times but that invul pierce just fucks me up .
beh at the end of the day my sanity is worth more than a lore .
hopefully we will get more lores in the upcoming events .
i really need two more lores for my clay .
my gf 's mom just retired from her career but still wanted a job to keep busy .
she makes more money as a whole foods associate or whatever their called then i do as a dsp and she makes more then my supervisor .
wild that i wipe someone 's butt every day multiple times a day keep my dudes clean and healthy and i make less then just about every huge retailers store associate .
if you are getting to chose between more than one go for the most expensive brick out there .
apologies i mis-read this one generally voted against a banker 's bonus tax ''
thanks for the detailed response too i appreciate it .
i do agree that jo swinson 's voting record does n't read very well and that a few good '' votes does n't negate the bad '' ones .
i sold my ucl vvd and my complete pl team because i could n't stand the ridiculous saves he made and he could kill people without even get a yellow card .
that 's just not how i want to win .
i hate it how ea make pl players more powerful than the rest .
must be the money they get from the pl .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
i have one of these it can cover about half a mile with a modded aerial
in the car the signal even goes pretty far it would cover more than a hole car park easy .
they 're smoking crack if they think people are going to believe that !
limiting player expression in a majority black league is always a race thing .
i do n't really get on well with turn based rpgs .
i 'm still willing to try this because it does look particularly well done but i 'd still rather stick with the beat em up style .
one of the things that made me love the series in the first place .
dude the language used in 'kabir ke dohe ' is in no way anything like the hindi we use today .
how can you even claim that the two languages are the same ?
yeah edron is cool no m lvl reduction etc .
and there are only 9 creatures in extra dimensional so if you like titles it is nice .
not looking for a pat on the back just wanted some opinions
i feel like if i upvote this i 'll be spreading whatever disease your post is .
she 's an itty bitty thing i 'd take a picture but i 'm away for a few weeks-but the pot is approx .
1 foot diameter and i 'd say my monstera is only a foot high from soil to the end of the leaf .
i thought i 'd been tricked into buying another philodendron because it stays so small but my newest philodendron has gotten massive in a third the time so i 'm really not sure what 's going on .
consistent watering schedule kept at 5 on my moisture meter
i have a whole home humidifier set to 50 humidity might seem low but i live in pretty much 0
thats a lot funnier than back foot open rub rub 7 days ''
irs oh sure here is our numbers and here is a book you can use to check our math .
irs never mind do it yourself or go to jail tax dodger .
i have n't put stuff i do n't like in it but only little scraps from the bottom of the tin of blends i like .
guess i 'm the only one happy with iceborne if reddit is any indication .
the seal can not hold him anymore he is free !
every doctor i speak to pronounces quetiapine differently so i have nicknamed it qweshapyne .
i think some people are trying to make it sound/look better than it actually is because they are of the mindset that reusing old maps/locations as new content in a full priced expansion pass is somehow okay .
i 've stated from announcement on here that if this had been available as a separate paid dlc as well as getting a brand new map for chaos or aether idc which for actual pass owners i would have been entirely happy .
i probably would have also bought it if that had been the case .
at this point though it feels like treyarch lied to it 's consumers by pulling this stunt .
i mean they sold the pass on the premise of 4 all new zombies experiences '' .
like i said above ao is not a new experience .
sorry ca n't get down with that way of thinking .
but it 's good some people are happy with this move .
guess that will not be in my lifetime then .
when we are done paying for pokhara/bhairahawa/nighghad international airports we would have sold lumbini and mount everest to the chinese .
it has been unbalanced '' for almost 100 years .
i filed reports and they tried telling me it was my internet ?
if you could not read the first paragraph i doubt you are a bernie supporter .
at war trying their best to defend their own country and the rest of middle-earth .
i mean did apex legends steal from fort night .
so in order to overturn a non-binding referendum you want to hold another non-binding referendum so that you can have brexiteers harping on about it being non-binding and remainers screaming will of the people '' .
i went up to 100mg a day split into 50 twice a day but found the side effects of lightheadedness was too much .
i also had tingling in my hands after a shower and issues with depression increased .
since then i experimented and found 50mg is effective with minimal side effects .
it did improve the severity of my migraine symptoms but not the frequency so are still looking at other solutions .
no i 'm not using the curve tuner because it 's inaccurate .
it buries it pretty far down and focuses early on setting the failed promise as a labour idea .
the project has largely been delivered on time but instead of a fibre-to-the-premises model most australians have been connected using fibre-to-the-node under the coalition 's model .
ask him first if he wants to make some money out of it give him options to either sell it to a store buy it from him with a friendly discount or if he really doesnt want anything back then just take it .
atleast you offered something in return as a polite response .
quran 4:89 they but wish that ye should reject faith as they do and thus be on the same footing as they but take not friends from their ranks until they flee in the way of allah from what is forbidden .
but if they turn renegades seize them and slay them wherever ye find them and in any case take no friends or helpers from their ranks . ''
it was n't the o-line 's fault in the sense of protection but they definitely deserve some heat for the penalties .
i think 2 of the holdings can be attributed to baker holding the ball too long but a lot of them were the tackles getting beat or using poor technique .
that 's not even including all the false starts .
not much you can always do as a qb with a ton of penalties .
hello your recent post on r/snapchat has been removed because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can check out the guidelines here http www.reddit.com/r/snapchat/comments/1saxrg/must_read_how_to_format_your_post .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your header
use only m f t a and r for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
you must have a hyphen between your r4r and your title .
if you are posting about r/snapchat in general please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/snapchat/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsnapchat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
i think i 'm gon na keep this in my back pocket for when i may need it .
does anyone realise that of all the shit that rains on the average citizen on a daily basis the actions of immigrants does n't come close to the actions of business congress and the wealthy who have you all spitting chips at the downtrodden .
you are getting fucked by the people who run your country and getting angry at an immigrant will do nothing for you .
i implore you to reassess the situation in your country and where you are directing your anger .
i doctor banana pudding because i like a light layer of carmel in there and i actually put a layer of crushed gram cracker on the bottom .
also no regular cookies laurna doones or how ever you spell it lol
this win percentage stuff is n't some magically certain prediction .
yeah what 's with those striped shirts with dark collars ?
why does nearly every young indian male wear those .
quiick edit made it into a more square shape and slapped a parental advisory sticker
if it was more square it could work as the wlr cover but does n't feel like something carti would do
who said i did n't believe the usa played a major roll in ww2 ?
why is it that you think atheists will benefit from pluralism ?
rinkeroo04 but i ca n't be online for a couple days .
you do n't have to feel obliged to holding it if you do n't want i do n't mind
digital i cant afford 2 copies of every game me and my wife play together .
i think i could definitely sleep on that and be pretty comfortable .
interesting thanks for letting me know what i think .
i mean you 're wrong but in other news i think you 're a dumbass .
if you make a mess clean it up right then .
then once a week on your day off do laundry sanitize the bathroom as well as the kitchen and vacuum/sweep the floors .
no he definitely would say the n-word on the air .
not really deragatory but if there was a story that had the the n-word '' he would say n****r '' .
in smaller markets for local news opinion and analysis it can be .
le devoir maintained most of it 's advertising revenues but now relies on subscriptions paper and mobile app combined for 70 of it 's total revenue .
the paywall let you read 4 articles per month on their website and it 's easily worked around by discarding cookies .
so fucking happy i picked up t. williams in my fantasy league .
jacob 's looks like he 's gon na be great .
the important question is always will it send you back .
if it comes put next year i 'll hopefully have a chance to grab both skk and tirpitz before i get their skins
the only thing wrong with this match is that dolph wo n't get to sell as much .
oh my i will definitely take you up on that !
but i do n't want to take advantage of your kindness !
i 'm a newbie so any pointers about how to choose plants that will work in my tank parameters would be amazing .
do you have a preferred type of air compressor ?
i have an air stone but the compressor is broken .
i want to get that set up and some plants to thrive so my tank starts becoming a nice home for an animal besides my snail possibly a bladder snail ?
we ca n't forget those kids that played fortnite 24/7 tryharding their balls off .
ca n't forget the media being retarded although that 's always been a problem for a while now .
i know the first smartphones came out in late 2000s but the growth of smartphones and social media .
that 's pretty much everything i can think of right now .
edit karens anti-vax moms and just people being stupid as shit .
i 've been on it for 6 years so i know all the tricks .
nothing works anymore and it 's been less and less effective .
my whole friend group was like that till i stopped hanging around them i always would try to be positive and happy and nice to them and everyone else including strangers like the cashier or the bus driver etc .
and they 'd make of fun of me or be like oooo someone has a crush .
like simply being nice was enough for them to start teasing me about it .
those types of people will never make it far in this world .
if they do they will have no one they for them and will not be loved by many people .
speed agility accel jump man zone 80-89 zone is about the same.. and 80 plays only incrimatally better than 99
it 's the advice that i know is the truth and keeping telling myself .
hopefully next week i can pull my head outa my ass
that 's the best simile i 've read in a while .
i 'm on once or twice a day sometimes more ! !
i was planning on crafting a chaos damage to attacks claw with the poison double damage mod but you make some good points when i get home from work i 'll make some changes for sure
could be your motherboard b450 is n't meant to overclock to the max
if you think he 'll play 2 to someone with 4 fewer world titles and 50 fewer wins then you 're mistaken .
all this means is neither driver will help each other going foward
colvin really made me question how people like him can get a chance at the nfl in the first place .
i mean i 'm a cheaper alternative if they want a cb that gets burned every play .
hook me up with that 100 contract per game lol .
... why would you ever want to wutang let alone wutang on command
to me height doesnt matter but others can feel intimidated by it still does n't give them the right to say that because its a shitty thing to say
this girl i met a while back and she started
went with it then clapped her in front of my
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
🤷🏽‍♂️ they love be him like family as far as i 've seen .
do n't really talk to her like that no more
holy fuck like 5mil sounds amazing but my life would blow up .
i 've done many things i 'm not proud of .
uhh we only have so many hours in the day .
how about spending them on something that actually matters is what this comment is saying .
solving plastic straw issues is easy so that is why it gets done .
solving homelessness is not easy which is why nothing is being done .
yet you would think the people that banned plastic straws had solved homelessness by the way the celebrations went .
it is n't just about plastic straws all of the little things taking away from the actual big problems is the issue .
when you take 150 little things and trying to devote time to them it takes away from the 3 or 4 big things .
you can try to solve 150 things and get a few little things done or go after the 3 or 4 and really accomplish something .
i never said it was you 're the one saying though .
feel free to keep on your delusion that i 'll buy it though xd
always the ez pz weapon guys talking much smack in the chat too .
you 're going to want to use sagemaker https aws.amazon.com/sagemaker .
if you have experience with aws you can get your model deployed in a day or two .
if two planes intersect then a line is formed .
i 'm a bot that can roll dice if you mention me in your comments .
do n't forget the 'der die das dem dem '
this was super recent and a little different ... the guy could n't be talked down .
one of the guys at work was obsessed with my bike shorts lol
i 'm not sure they work with skinny jeans they look a bit redundant .
that was a great post bruh i really liked it alot .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
i hoped this would get uploaded just for cole 's horrible commentary lol
damn i was hoping to get him in sharpish but if he 's pushing 500k that 'll strike that idea
i tried yesterday and it was n't working game was crashing when i use the ahk
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm american so idk what scanners you 're talking about lol .
except they 've been confirmed by the research you wo n't read
i think it 's safe to say that you have n't even read the titles of the research page that you continually hock because there is nothing in there that confirms '' the results of the rcts .
how about you read it and give specific citations where the results of these amazing rcts where men who were cut were given sex education and condoms and had a six week head start were confirmed ?
or maybe a citation as to the specific mechanism by which the foreskin promotes the acquisition of hiv ?
i know the research does n't exist because i 've been informing myself about this issue for well over a decade and have kept on top of all of the developments in all that time but i would be interested to see you scramble to try to find something to support your pseudo-scientific pro-circumcision stance .
i also look upon your repeated efforts to exclude the research from africa where we have the most data to be scurrilous .
there were methodological flaws and ethical violations involved in the original rcts as well as some extremely unethical shame-based ad campaigns employed by the current campaign to circumcise men in africa but that 's another story that would not have been acceptable if those same rcts were carried out in any developed country .
general conditions are also significantly different between the developing world and the developed world obviously and this is a significant factor as well .
but my primary contention is with the very deeply flawed rcts and the lack of data from areas where there would be more scrutiny .
saying it over and over again wo n't make it true .
to continue to spread bad science might cause someone to get hiv some day that would n't have because you have a philosophical bone to pick .
so i have absolutely no sympathy for your ongoing willful ignorance on the subject .
you are defending this practice to protect your own ego and advocating for men to be sexually mutilated under the guise of protecting them against a disease that they will still need to use condoms to protect themselves against is more unethical than anything i 've ever done .
if i 'm not mistaken someone posted a book club already
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
havnt projected but i checked the wiki suggestions and even there is inconsistnecise on whether its dangerous or not .
one talked bout severing the cord and other says there nothing to fear
the nasty reactions to my comment have been fairly amusing .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm pretty sure most of it 's a running joke more than people actually believing it but people are weird so some might ?
i do n't have much long term data ok whether it does n't if i go off but my depression has been much worse recently and going off keto was one of several factors .
so i 'm considering going back on again just to test the hypothesis .
also remember when jacob and sarah got together and were going to live in the dirty burger with phil then nothing else ever with those two ?
how would you cook it if you cut it out ?
i do n't have ac so its a little hot
i 'm going to דheдonald.шin where freedom of speech still lives .
i 'm never coming back to this communist sԧꙇt hole .
looking forward to seeing it unplugged after the counter-revolution has won the coming victory .
if you want to erase your online presence before the reddit red guards dox you look up power delete suite '' .
install it and you can mass-edit all your posts and comments .
this defeats reddit 's archiving system which saves all comments even those that the user deletes but only the most recently edited version .
guy and dont want a daddy to spoil me but i fucking love daddies .
but once i have that 1 daddy partner my attention only goes to that person no one else .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
one thing people forget ... is that this is a battlefront game .
the priority is to balance hero combat around how these heroes function on the battlefield .
i would love a game like this but it 's not really what battlefront is about .
imo they just need to iron out bugs and balance issues but do n't even expect hvv to be a legitimately competitive mode .
they can still see and reply to your comments if you comment elsewhere though
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
my fps game peaked in the highschool holidays of '09 when i played 16 hours a day for two weeks .
as of today i have n't played an fps in 6 months and my smash game is weak as shit .
having a full time job really sucks a lot of energy out of you .
so yeah basically 12 year olds can go to hell with their infinite free time and energy and their bullshit reflexes fuck you .
she also thought that if she blew up balloon with air from her mouth they would float .
anything online that was published by valve is basically 5 ms
overwatch on the us server gets me 90 ms because of the indonesia parts being a part of these servers therefore closer than eu
i just need to sort out cash before i can really begin to think about it .
onc thats sorted i can probably pay for everything id need to set it up .
is this even possible to make pose like that ?
this is bullshit appeasement which proves nothing without full video footage .
assuming your name is deeper in psn as well lol
you can use a dash of tonic in order to crush your sugar cube together with your bitter .
this is instead of using simple syrup and it is supposed to result in a drink that evolves more as you drink it due to the sugar dissolving over time .
personally i 've never tried it but it sounds pretty cool to me .
given that it was the bathroom and she slipped the first time it 's entirely likely there was already water on the floor too .
no idea how much but a little blood goes a long way and water mixed with blood will really go a long way .
it could have been mostly water from a sink left on or something and only some blood but that blood will disperse and make it look like it 's all blood .
it wo n't be quite the same color or consistency obviously but it definitely can make it seem like there is more than there is .
so lame ... but keep trying little man you 'll get there
all the recent mmo i have played were compliant also before a game to be live an google play and apple store theywill check privacy issue so i was trying to understand what was troubling you here ?
it is you who is a heretic for implying that i cato sicarius am a heretic
i do but where do you think the bottle comes from ?
reminds me of the story behind heroes by david bowie !
you do n't in life get to choose how severe an ass whooping will be when you square off with a stranger that 's the reality .
it 's really noble of you to take up for her like this though .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're making a lot of false assumptions about what i am and am not implying .
vent is a totally normal term so sorry i got confused .
from this picture i ca n't fully tell if he is swollen or not so i have to lean on u/flip69 or u/dexter_jettster on this one .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
lmao i am asian so i am good at telling
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
new users may not post videos to submit a video you must have gained some karma and have previous non-video contributions to r/minecraft .
videos uploaded via reddit are not subject to this rule .
if you feel this was done in error have fixed your post or would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the moderators
please carefully read the removal reason quoted above and the subreddit rules r/minecraft/w/rules and subreddit guidelines r/minecraft/w/guidelines before disputing removal .
here is the message link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/minecraft subject=removal dispute message=my post https www.reddit.com/r/minecraft/comments/d23j03 to use after reading the rules .
looking better than before which is never a bad thing .
this was to combat a bug with the straight up cancelform then switch to another form does n't apply feral melee damage buff .
if another patch fixes it then yeah cancel form would be better i suppose but right now at least for me it is not .
admittedly the script has issues too but mainly around use in combat but i think thats due to newer api 's in classic .
i 'm a bot that can roll dice if you mention me in your comments .
its a d d themed anime about a man who specialises in slaying goblins .
goblin slayer 's motivation is that his childhood village was pillaged by goblins .
the elf dwarf and lizardman that show up have each heard an epic bard 's tale about a man who only slays goblins and came to recruit him to fight the big bad .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
we need nuance but presumed innocent does n't really work when dealing with a serial criminal like epstein .
i 've bought myself one of the moisture probes and thankfully i live in a fairly humid climate anyway .
that was a great post bruh i really liked it alot .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/free_space if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah unfortunately i was too young to get one being born in 1999 and all lol i 've always wanted one and i was able to find mine for a good deal
there 's no such thing as a compromise with republicans .
the democrats do n't need their votes and they should n't waste their time or alter their platforms in an attempt to attract them .
the democrats must energize the blue voters who stayed home in 2016 .
those are the people who 'll make the difference .
afterwards they can just take it and like it .
yeah i 'm really lucky that he 's available in 1 of mine so definitely makes double sense to risk the claim on him .
waller looks to be a prime target on oakland which should be good
info did she want to continue speaking to you anyways ?
this sounds like a nah but i 'm curious why your even asking ?
i 've heard one where they were draft dodgers too
i guess i misunderstood what you meant when you said i 'd even include your favorite semi-auto toys in there as well . ''
to me that means you are classing any semi auto with full auto despite knowing the difference .
yiadom dropping back like he was playing zone on a 3rd down at the end of the game was a killer .
also it is so unfair to the baby for them to be experiencing pain for something as frivolous as earrings which they ca n't want or understand .
as a 12-year old when i was finally allowed to have my ears pierced any pain around it was something i signed up for and accepted and a good lesson on protecting my healing piercings .
i was kinda joking but it does sound beautiful anyways .
yeah these specific comments about her eating shit and filming it for clout makes me think she might be severely mentally ill
you might have missed my question to you do you have that quote for literally a majority '' etc ?
given how strongly you 're pushing this 'data/evidence ' line and given you said literally '' multiple times it should be in your interest to provide your evidence as i did with timestamps .
if you 're on instagram i 'll probably do more later slanginwithmrcooper https instagram.com/slanginwithmrcooper ? igshid=1h65yn3e6p8j0
if she told me straight up afterwards i would have respected her wishes and let it be but ask for a refund .
i think the whole biding on a date thing is bullshit but i did it to be fun and hopefully get her to think it 's cute .
because i read this in a british accent lol .
wonder how much is used in botox treatments for all of those middle aged housewives ..
please use chinese characters for your jokes and comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/darkjokes if you have any questions or concerns .
debating using my top claim on waller as an oj owner
the amount of asskickings they got on the frontier is so good
while true that t3 has a larger pool than t2 the drop rates dmg shared would have t3 being statistically better even if targeting only a single drop e.g .
dmg said t2/gambit are one drop every 4 successes/completions .
t2 has 3 weapons oryx week so 1/3 chance every 4 runs .
he also said t3 is a drop every two successful runs aka two drops every 4 runs .
t3 has 5 weapons that can drop or 1/5 chance per drop .
so in 4 runs that 's a 40 .2 x .2 .2 x .8 .8 x .2 36 drop chance for at least one of any individual weapon .
running t3 did n't seem significantly slower than t2 with the knights last week so i 'd say this also holds true from a time efficiency standpoint too .
edit fixed math cause stats is hard to remember after all these years .
i mean ... if this is something you consistently do which sounds like is the case i do n't blame her really .
you 're an adult pick up after yourself and do n't ruin your parents things .
i swear this sub has turned into adults who 's parents still pay most of their bills bitching that their parents expect respect from them still .
when she first told people about it and said he sees me and tommy as the third couple '' and the camera zoomed in on tommy looking concerned was hilarious
but jp does not get tickets or discounts and do they know how jp top grossing works
oh boy i 've wanted this for a long time .
i would replace them simply because they are n't supposed to be bulging like that .
the two consoles i 've seen had power issues anyways so there 's no reason not to replace them as a precaution anyways .
i know i was more hoping that the mods would take notice and just ban him from the sub .
hoping for another member of this communities family to die is n't really cool .
i thought it went through thank you for letting me know !
in all realness vaping as a society will be fucked even if one state gets a ban through because it will be a matter of time before the rest follow suit .
felt like the first one was way scarier and i laughed more times during this one even at the scary points .
i would n't say it was bad but its probably a 6/10 .
i think i only half jumped once and felt more like a comedy .
there is a website for the brand have n't checked it out yet honeycando.com it 's a cube storage that i twist tied a couple of the extra shelfing in between the top one to make it smaller .
i might 've been swayed with usb c but next year with that 5g and 120hz display will be worth the wait .
you 'll know that that character will be relevant to the story .
try motherland the same actress is in that and it 's really funny .
for a casual rivens have more use as trade items .
i still living off the plat i made from riven trades like a year ago .
it 's a good feeling when you do n't have to worry about weaponslots and farming primes .
once you 've seen it you ca n't unseen it
the only requirement for membership is a desire to stop drinking .
i sometimes pray for them although i am certain the only thing that changes is me .
because it 's not a for fun game you fucking casual .
update looks like she 's not even waiting for her video .
i bet all my diamonds that you wouldnt do it .
you got busted for thinking bahamas is boricua and still offer an opinion .
i see split i upvote ... really cute though .
completely agree bro just gon na try and finish up this seasons bp completely to get my moneys worth and then thats it im done wasting time and money on this game i barely even play much anymore
how did you do the yellow to red transitions ?
are you telling me the music discs in minecraft look like music discs ?
i would love for more high rise apartments in my city .
they chose high density suburbia instead with all the traffic problems that come from that given the city has a large footprint and older suburban roads are narrow with no room to add lanes .
some are barely big enough to take the buses they put on them .
others are choked because with cars parked both sides of the road only a single vehicle can pass at once was n't such an issue when less cars were parked on the side of the road .
one of my favorite snacks is greek yogurt with pb powder and chocolate chips !
i just got excited for a moment about indulging in the real peanut butter without guilt p
heated comment on how playing mesa takes a lot of skill alongside a salty comment on downvoting your may-may
not helpful at all but back in 08/09 when i flew weekly for work tsa in atlanta offered me a laptop that was n't mine .
i had just gone through the detectors and was putting my bag back together at the end of the conveyor .
a tub was sitting there with a laptop in it and one of the tsa who was collecting empty bins asked me if it was mine i told them it was no .
they then asked me if i wanted it i kinda laughed and said no and got out of there .
i 'm sure it was all a joke and they would n't have let me take it but i kinda get the feeling they were n't joking .
yep have x1c6 and ultra docking station the biggest and baddest sometimes display flickers .
you need a passport for either of those anyway which requires you provide even more information than you would for a real id for domestic flights .
edit anyway you ca n't leave 'cause florida would n't be florida anymore without flordia man !
they are house cats and have plenty of time to run but they get very excited when it comes to their hour of outdoor time .
like i said i 'll be getting a cat condo soon for their outdoor time so that they have a larger space while enjoying the fresh air .
it 's also just fixed for a lot of people right now .
so it might be that you tried this right when they fixed it .
first ak hits a pair about 3 times more often than 66 hits a set .
second ak has more equity against a made hand when it misses than a small pair does .
third ak can flop a draw to the nuts much more often than a small pair .
i 'm sorry that you 're having to go through this .
i ca n't imagine how hard this is for you and your siblings .
just remember that in a couple of short years you wo n't have to deal with this anymore .
do what you can to help your siblings and stay strong .
interest is 24 late charges every month for a decade plus there have been a few more instances where they tacked on charges '' like attorneys fees foreclosure costs etc .
i could probably post their accounting if anyone is really that interested
prevent microsoft '' and tax agency '' from scamming people .
started producing late last year but have been making music for a while now dropped my first instrumental release last week love making lofi music honestly
i 'd make the 1 equip cost only apply to that equipment '' and template it a bit different
looks like it 'll be a pleasant quickie with this one
let me guess you you have personal experience blah blah .
talk to your stalkers '' aka parents or whoever and stop blaming tech victim .
this is only my guess but let 's say you 're trying to keep return on the venusaur
the norm is that evolving something changes its attacks so that is why i think it would work that way .
i remember rumors about a new tm that would be able to teach the cday moves but who actually knows
maybe it 's anything that ends in 4 that 's divisible by 4
gift card mall a website where you can order visa gift cards through the mail .
i really do n't understand what you are saying .
is there a point you 're trying to make ?
look i 'm not blaming op and i 'm not pointing fingers but i was told that the music of slavery would be better .
can we maybe 14th amendment some lenny kravitz over here ?
it was the only way he could send dick pics from prison .
this is very black and white thinking — there are shades of grey and more skilful practices in between absolution and moral judgment .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
i ca n't wait to do it again when mcc pc drops .
i have friends who have pc 's but have n't played much halo .
introducing them will be a trip i 'm sure .
if knocking a ball down that would have been a homer and turning it into a double is a home run robbery is this a home run robbery ?
i think it 's possible that felix realized his mistake but did n't want the comments on his 100mil video to focus on that .
ironic since there 's nothing in else in the comments now .
i just honestly think she 's lazy depends on her sons doing everything for her and a bimbo again will call her sons to look up something she could do .
i think you should try to have at least some respects for her .
you know they say when you marry the man you marry the family .
these are the values and habits he was raised with .
so she tends to always want to give my daughters money and buy them expensive clothes .
she gets upset when i do n't put the clothes on or take pictures and post them .
first of all — they are 3 years old and 1 years old — what the f do they know about money and name brands .
second — i do n't put the clothes on bc she has bad taste in clothes .
she gets upset because she wants to see her gifts appreciated .
why not put the clothes on once to get pics ?
at age 3 and 1 they do n't care if she has bad taste '' .
besides kids that age outgrow clothes so fast in a few months the items wo n't fit anyway .
it was my 3 year olds birthday and she honestly wanted pictures of herself with my husband and 2 daughters .
but i mean not only with cake but in different positions throughout the event .
why are you so hateful towards a grandmom having fun with her toddler age grandchild ?
and now she mentioned to my mom about how she wants to take xmas pictures with my husband and my 2 daughters — to make xmas cards to send to family and enlarge it to place it in her living room .
mil wants to take professional pictures with my husband and daughters to make xmas cards to send to family and enlarge to frame it .
and i do n't think i 'm okay with it .
even if you do n't like her try to show her a little respect .
6ujktr has been getting notorious on many subreddits now one i moderate has recently banned him
they should have nakamura on the japanese commentary desk for clash of champions until it 's time for his match .
jackson is regretting his early game choices right now .
by going to the university ... i was paying for part of his salary .
the football program makes more money than it spends .
not a single penny you gave the school thru attendance went to a football coach 's salary .
fans would be fuming mad if they paid 7 million/yr to hoke or rich rod for their efforts .
fans are idiots if they give two shits what their coach is paid .
our boosters wipe their ass with that money and could put up any salary any coach asks for in a second .
it is inconsequential and does not matter at all to me .
i and most other rational m fans realize this .
i do n't give a shit whether he 's paid 10 or 10 million .
it does not affect my enjoyment or fan experience one iota .
i do n't lower my expectations as a michigan football fan if a coach is paid less and if you do then lol .
was it something like hello there n-words would you like to join me for a strawberry smoothie ? or more of a i do n't like n-words thing ?
you did n't need to write this i knew all of that lol .
fellas i 'd like to report that my grade rose 1 percent and my dad stopped bothering me .
you do n't have to vacuum seal ziplocks should be good enough .
if it 's cans what i usually do is take two of the case boxes and tape them around the cans then pack tight around the edges with clothes .
be careful with those 450n slushy cans though those things have a propensity to explode when being shipped .
mostly due to not being kept cold which wo n't be a problem but still
i think of the different writing periods as the pre-toupee dean koontz and the toupee dean koontz
i dont think there is any bug that causes vehicles to despawn .
if op is getting nothing but atv 's or tractors then those only have a 6 hour despawn timer
re diverting mail i think it 's important to have this conversation when it does happen .
while i 'm not looking for a confrontation it 's a boundary that needs to be defended .
a guy who became the lead singer of a rather quirky award winning band then an author and radio host .
lost his job when following some metoo allegations showed his bosses some homemade sex tapes he 'd made in an effort to show them that everything in the tapes was consensual .
next time i play with friends i 'll make sure to try that out .
i think it was season 4 where invades were highly prioritized around worlds where cherryo started at the enemy red buff because the enemy was always at his speed
i think so but i fear the time may soon come again
i will be reading sex pollen fics in the nursing home .
st. louis does n't have another large stadium that 's not being used at the moment .
green does n't look that good on the f type imo .
fox news wo n't talk about any negative trump stories unless they absolutely have to .
plus i do n't see cnn or msnbc attacking the younger generations or people on food stamps or immigration or the poor .
if you watch fox news you will see that most of the time they are attacking cnn or msnbc .
those two are biased but fox news is mind rot .
cnn tries to be in the middle and msnbc is more left leaning .
i mean sure he sent those texts but that seems pretty standard stuff for a young-ish kid to do to a gf/bf in a breakup situation .
being suicidal entails a lot more than sending a few texts .
it entails planning breaking off your relationships with close family and a lot of other stuff ...
weirdos as in people who disagree with you and are wondering why you are gatekeeping ?
english is not my first language so my phone just does that on it 's own
you 're so called joke was not funny and did not seem like a joke so you calm the fuck down .
you 're a lowlife pos who needs to play in traffic and end it .
i actually was sure esther was fine until i did actual builds and calculations for her versus rlightning zeno sabin and elena .
she fared dramatically worse than i expected damage-wise when gearing for survival at all .
zeno is used as the example because he 's the extreme other end of the scale so really demonstrates how wide the gap can be .
but all the others were much closer to the zeno end of the scale than the esther end .
thought it may be a sub rules violation or something and rattle some ppl
let me fuck that ass while you jacking off your cock
getting head is another phrase used for receiving a blowjob
rogue shits on lock if they 're any good .
your only real chance as a lock is to use consumes .
do n't forget the afc championship that got us to 52 .
sounds good hmu on playstation or discord if you wan na do any ees
as in he gave up any presumption of liberal party ideals and instead jumped into bed with the green groups calling for government action on climate change which will lead to his investments being rewarded .
a few jagged faces are showing make sure you set shade smooth '' and maybe add a subdivision modifier .
it totally makes sense now but i ca n't fully understand it because i 'm not the one feeling it .
i 'm glad you think there 's a positive correlation between gun restrictions and mass shootings i do too
if you have any questions please message the moderator through the link on the sidebar .
almost everyone at my chick fil a wears an apple watch
go try to do what he did with one foot and crutches and try to type that comment out again .
they need to be supported to be able to manage their anxiety .
take this time to work with her about what triggers her anxiety and help her to take control of it .
you might be able to help slowly expose her to presenting in front of people .
start with one on one then progress to small groups .
it would be good for everyone in the class to see you modelling this behaviour as there might be some who are in the same boat but do n't speak up .
consider how brave she was to come and talk to you in the first place if she has social anxiety .
anxiety usually comes from some sort of trauma not being coddled .
if she was coddled she might have deferred to her parent to have the conversation with you .
mental illness is a big issue people deal with their experiences differently and you are in a position to really help without much time and effort .
if you are in a teaching role to think everything is fine all the time then i 'm afraid you 're in the wrong profession .
society needs teachers to support our kids to find their place in the world and have the tools they need to survive .
do n't worry there is still time to turn this around .
speak to her one on one apologise and talk with her about a plan .
this is going to benefit you greatly as well .
that 's a lesson better learned after the wedding maybe ?
any input suggestions or advice is welcomed and appreciated .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
probably should have pinched hit with someone who was ready to hit .
go to the wicked whims website and download their current version .
when you download it you 'll need a program like winrar which i use or 7zip to unzip the folder that you downloaded .
you will extract the files into the sims 4 mods folder .
you can find that by going to your folders documents electronic arts the sims 4 mods .
once the files are placed in the mods folder you 'll have wicked whims installed in your game .
there are also additional animations that you can download many creators are included on the download page of the wicked whims site so you wo n't have to search around as well as nudity mods to add breasts and penises and pubic hair etc .
i live in the u.s. and do n't want to take part in a conflict between the two of them
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i think you are overestimating both the amount of effort that went into changing a portrait outline and the power that reddit has over literally anything that happens in the game .
who came up with the idea of trickle down economics ?
i was just expecting them to change the whole i take 2 steps without your input '' thing and maybe improve aiming responsiveness not outright remove dozens of animations and crank up the fire rate/reload speed of every weapon in the game by a factor of like 2 .
i 'm actually even more hesitant about coming back to this game than i was before .
project ara was suppose to be the answer to that in more ways than one .
purchase the quality of specific parts you wanted with the ability to upgrade or replace broken parts later .
that 's even worse than the people complaining about him donating only a certain percent .
it would be ignorable not good lol in most songs but when he cuts the beat off a hard ass trap metal song to say some random woke shit it 's ass no matter how insightful or big brain the line is .
idk why you brought up 21 savage in particular i ca n't think of any particularly corny lines from him off the top of my head .
epstein ran an undying third wing of iran contra out of columbus oh .
hillary and the dnc made sure trump was the gop nominee .
this is n't the best article on that but it has the advantage that it 's on my clipboard already https www.salon.com/2016/11/09/the-hillary-clinton-campaign-intentionally-created-donald-trump-with-its-pied-piper-strategy
so no matter who won in 2016 they were going to put a cia stooge in charge of the justice department in trump 's case barr who would take care of epstein .
i 'm a porn star and figured i 'd just awkwardly chime in and submit to you that there 's also manyvids now .
this video would be 9000 times better without the music .
the amount of work i have to do to get a win and get myself to diamond was way more than just a moving some roaches i zerg main
is it possible when more people get into the league it becomes more competitive and less likely to be people there using one or two cheese strats ?
i 'm an american currently making a new zealand income .
the exchange rate is tanking at only 64¢ usd for each 1 nzd i send home .
a few years ago it was closer to a 1 1 ratio .
in the end i found her as i always did completely on accident '' paraphrased i do n't have my book near me
there 's professional development and online resources https teaching911.911tributemuseum.org for that it 's pretty well understood that this is a hard subject to teach especially for adults who witnessed it in some way but it 's also so vital .
kids pick up on the tension around this time and if they do n't get their questions answered they will just fill in the blanks with guesses or google both of which can lead to serious misinformation and hate .
i remember when the oriental in cooks hill changed hands and they sold the pokie licenses .
there was a steady steam of punters who would buy a vb then wander around like someone had stolen their left thong looking for the pokie room and tab ...
i saw some pretty violent outbursts from punters at least they still had a smoking area to settle them down .
funny part was the owner was even on abc radio .
the interviewer implied that the decision was for social good.. in reality i think they wanted the money to put in a pizza kitchen .
either way in my opinion less pokies the better .
you should do a strip club or a dentist clinic
this reminds me of the andy stumpf st6 story about jumping a strap at night and it going hilariously wrong .
fighter and the kid podcast if you have n't heard it .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
damn he had his nose broken in a spectacular way .
me provides sources of multiple genocides commited by and in the name of god
if you play pac-man you have plenty of time to spot habits during the match .
you want to start with looking at how the opponent deals with hydrant and with your projectiles .
most people without pac-man experience do n't so that 's a free fsmash or combo with a projectile .
if they smash your hydrant you can throw something at them .
if they attack it you can attack it and hit them with it .
if they sit back then you get your projectile of choice and stage control if you want it .
once you get used to taking in their most important habits you can start figuring out what their pressure sequences are how they like to approach and whatnot .
it 's just practice and it takes time to get used to
if they like you or not does n't matter if she does n't agree the girl i liked for a while hated my friends for no reason
considering a lot of the other stuff you really ought to be bringing i 'm suggest getting them for a kindle and taking that instead .
yeah another defender to worry about would be neat !
damn i 've been waiting for a sale but you 're making me jealous lol .
this is the first time i 'm happy i did n't even have to talk about dating or the future .
we could just be happy with how we felt just then .
the future can wait till it 's in the present in my opinion .
there 's this thing called the sidebar where we wrote some shit called rules .
here 's the reason s why your post got yeeted
no content that has been posted in the last 3 months or is in the top 50 all-time posts .
if you have questions you can contact us through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/comedyheaven .
do not post your skype name in a public .
we recommend against comments like pm 'd you '' or check your inbox '' or sent you a message '' as they are never useful .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfwskype if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's the implication you make when you move the goalpost in a conversation about violence ... you seem to not care .
i 'm basing this question on the comments you 've made ...
i 'm against political violence but apparently not only am i a child for calling out your moving of the goalpost but it 's a strawman to make any inferences based on that move.. you seem to not enjoy scrutiny .
employing it and having it used on you doesnt seem to sit well with you.. why ?
cant your positions stand on their own two feet ?
does it not feel like a good comment to you unless you add snark and sass ?
i 'm now a disgusting bigot ... lol that 's news to me .
i thought it was weird because i saw her this weekend but i still miss her presence and do n't want to come off as needy .
you 're not smurfing if you 're constantly ranking up
they are so over the top and i feel like it 's part of the magic .
steve jobs was a great showman and i love that while they ca n't stay on his level they can still provide a genuinely entertaining keynote .
i 'm commenting on someone else saying this guy is a grade a asshole .
i feel like if this was 2 dudes no one would blink .
he 's spraying a girl with beer and suddenly everyone needs to defend her .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
i had a similar issue when i added a line last year .
somehow one of my promotional free lines was taken off .
i had to call every month to explain the situation and have a credit applied each month .
evey rep said they would restore it and that it should appear on the next bill .
so with the advice from people on here they said to contact support over facebook or twitter .
i contacted tmobile on facebook and explained the situation and they were able to restore the discount .
i do n't know why they were able to fix it and the other reps could n't but i will always use facebook support in the future .
believe in jesus christ and you shall have everlasting life !
bro ragley marley 2.0 is currently selling for 799 .
i do n't think we are ever going to see a player for one of the 31 other teams in the nfl see punishment as harsh as zeke saw unless that player is actually criminally charged .
i love this look so much she looks stunning !
and i 'm so happy she 'll be at an event with rihanna it 's what she deserves
i do the exact same thing with dgd and with circa survive .
i love their music so much that i never get sick of it .
right now i 'm listening to as 2.0 over and over .
it 's pretty much a new album for me .
i never listened to it in the past because of the piss poor production on the original release .
the mods justified locking a thread about the biggest nfl story today because they characterized mocking ab as people making rape jokes . ''
and of course they 're shadowbanning anyone who submits something about that .
my guess is it 'll adjust as some of those drivers will pick a different route e.g .
in the listing it says 6-9 days but wo n't guarantee it .
should have looked closer at the feedback he only has 43 feedback and several negatives already .
start making character sheets with your friends and then put them in a setting you already know just to try it out like ... .you all procrastinated on reddit and there is an exam tomorrow .
good for us if we do a good job !
please there 's no need to so vehemently defend the reddit hate-on for women as it if it does n't permeate so much of public freak out already .
i 'm all for equality and justice but there 's only so much i can take without calling out the shit that will slowly devolve this sub into redpill lite 2.0 .
it 's so funny calling out toxicity is somehow putting one gender on a pedestal .
i do n't care about the down votes i responded to the generalized comment against women i see pop up so frequently in the comments section which is a thinly veiled bitter rant against one gender which is damaging to society .
the point is to make the gear for your favorited characters to blend in more ?
like the thing homer simpson has in the episode where he gets so fat he becomes disabled and can work from home !
he did n't ignore his end of the deal hades broke it because harm came to meg .
no raise the pay by 10 and there would be no storage .
raise the pay by 25 70k instead of 55k and there would be thousands of people falling on themselves to get the jobs .
which has a cost of living similar to san francisco .
this is my first time sharing it outside of hose involved .
i have n't even spoke about it to my friends yet .
looking for this one where a guy is at a dojo and likes a girl .
he talks crap on another guy and that guys basically becomes the bully .
one day he fights his bully and looses then the guy drags off the girl he likes and rapes her .
turns out he 's been doing it for a while and she kinda likes it .
thanks for answering my question if you get a chance please do look at the edit .
i am not advocating for casteism at all im just pointing out it exists and kinda sucks and a lot of us had a sheltered upbringing which enables us not to see this as a problem .
they changed anyone under 18 to kids meals and got hit wiith a bunch of charges to replace those with adult meals .
appreciate what you what be are the make you appreciate what you dad .
i know lots of people huge into those sports and none of them is a homophobe it 's not fair to say that just because x type of people do n't do an activity that the activity is anti-x '' .
that 's like saying that just because there are n't any norwegians at a bowling alley that the bowling alley is anti-norwegian '' .
what i mean is current players how someone decides to express themselves when training is no longer a concern is n't relevant here .
for real like i just feel awkward getting random attention .
if i tell a joke or something and people think it 's funny i like that attention but just getting attention for no reason makes me feel really weird
the p does n't even deserve to be capitalized .
the one time we need them for something and they are going to fuck it up
bigotry is universal and is n't limited to one language or nationality .
you honestly expect someone to help you smear someone else just cus they speak a different language ?
you 're falling for a common misconception that frequently makes the left look stupid i 'm pretty far left i 'm not trying to antagonize you i 'm trying to educate you .
there is no such thing as hate speech '' .
there are no laws against it in the us at least at the federal level so a person is quite free to stand on any street corner and scream all the hateful racial slurs and bigoted shit they want to without fear of arrest or incarceration for the content of their speech so long as they do n't cross the line into inciting violence .
they might catch a charge for disturbing the peace and get a slap on the wrist but that 's about it .
hate speech '' is not an actual legal thing .
just from the church 's article there 's a lot of things he did and claimed that well ...
i 'm fairly sure most lds folk would call any other church leader a sexual predator if they said and did those things .
that 's not the only sketchy thing about his wives either .
http www.mormoninfographics.com/2012/09/the-many-wives-of-joseph-smith.html ? m=1 with many sources to back it up
he has a gori ma'am fetish and she has brown tall dark and handsome fetish .
there is definitely no gold digging between these two loser .
sort of a political behind-the-curtain play that gets public after a few decades ?
rofl us package handlers are under deadlines we have to load so many packages into one truck and make it fit .
we have to move fast or else we get yelled at .
think of the most amazing thing she was then be happy that such goodness can exist in reality .
wait until they want to put riders in plexiglass cylinders for protection .
just stay right there and let me eat you for hours .
i got bright futures disbursement but nothing from pell grant so far .
you 're right you do n't need those stones haha .
i have shem/brutus/tasi/lyca/fawkes so energy is an issue for me .
i would be highly concerned if he names betsy devos ' brother erik prince instead .
at least giuliani would too busy spending the majority of his day figuring out how to dress himself to do any further damage .
everyday we stray further from god 's light https knowyourmeme.com/memes/everyday-we-stray-further-from-gods-light .
in steps joseph bad start so far but one hit can easily turn their season around .
i would love to ... over and over and over again !
i dont people realize how any people 100 million is that is 1 and every 6700 people in the world watching pewdiepie .
well seeing as it says 0800 instead of 2000 https warthunder.com/en/news/6375-planned-technical-works-11-09-2019-en that 's 8 am utc/gmt .
what 's the big deal about it making it so controversial ?
this is your own assumption which seem to be entirely based on the fact that the post has too much positive info '' .
i can do the same your op is clearly paid for by malaysian airlines to undermine sq 's efforts because it has too much negative info '' .
if you want to complain that the op is slightly creepy for taking photos of strangers sure i can get behind that .
but to go from that to sq advertisement '' is quite the logical leap .
that 's not xbox forcing it the game developers are choosing 4k30 .
any specifics you can mention from the screenshot for like the kitchen and stuff ?
with the proliferation of 125 damage weapons either you 're full health and survive the first shot or you 're not and you do n't .
headshots do n't care how much hp you have as a pool or in total .
if i were in your position i 'd save my days for the time being .
save them for when she has surgery or procedures .
when i was going through some heavy things in my personal life i found being at school helpful .
school was my consistency the place i found smiles and it gave my fretting mind a break for a chunk of the day .
then i 'd head to the hospital after work and stay until they kicked me out only to do it all again the next day .
the secret is we reset every 10,000 years and have not gone any further in progress than our current time
1. r/gru r/jontron and r/4chan user g ... archive.org https web.archive.org/20190911051157/https i.imgur.com/rin4yf1.jpg archive.today https archive.today/hkq3d
i am just a simple bot not a moderator of this subreddit bot subreddit r/snapshillbot contact the maintainers message/compose ? to=\/r\/snapshillbot
well to be blunt she sucked the first couple seasons .
and also alot of normally good actors had some problems in the last season mostly because alot of them seemed to hate it
only half a fish costume but why do both halves smell like fish ?
it was n't so bad but that 's because the traffic pre-1992 was n't as harsh and we did n't have much to compare to either ...
if you still want to go north or south and not outskirt the city the same roads take you through the core so you can roughly experience what it was like if you 're interested !
otherwise you could just take something like hwy 21 or east or 170 156 142 street for the majority of the way out west the river screws with doing the same out east as it more of less crosses the city in a diagonal fashion .
i moved away prior to the major construction and came back just as it finished and it totally changed the way you drove across the city .
for me having grown up pre-henday and then plopped back down after it was done it was like night and day .
it normally does n't give me much any trouble but then again i do n't mind yellowhead so maybe my standards are skewed a little !
you made it harder since you do n't like dragon age but i still have to say dragon age origins because i love that master piece .
or if you like older games check out the risen series gothic series and dark messiah of might and magic .
wow good job this sure will be helpful to lc shoes .
you should make a guide for the off white blazers and maybe aj1s ow
relative to the league he 's playing with a lot of talent around him .
carlos vela diego rossi mark-anthony kaye adama diomande and latif blessing are all very good players .
lafc is a really interesting team to watch and right now they 're playing leagues ahead of most competition .
in the mls western conference at time of posting the top 7 in playoff standings are
that means lafc has a gd of 44 and the second highest is a two-way tie at 9 .
fixed a bug where hitting esc on main menu would not open the exit popup.4 .
fixed a bug where canceling the exit popup on the main menu would result in not being able to do anything.5 .
adjusted hitbox size of back button in settings screen6 .
fixed a bug where game would sometimes freeze after playing a local match9 .
improved loading of resources when starting up the gamegameplay1 .
fixed a bug with the interaction of fireball and airblaster cube2 .
fixed an error with the animation in the airblaster cube 5 .
fixed bug where fireballs would sometimes not get pushed up by the airblast cube6 .
fixed a bug where cursor would stop reacting in certain situation9 .
fixed a bug where the drone drill would not rotate correctlyonline play1 .
fixed a bug where you could sometimes not cancel online queue if it was canceled beforemusic and sound1 .
added missing music track when going into matchmaking after finishing a match8 .
fixed a bug where the wrong sound would be played when using a fireball above the anti gravity generator
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
you have never even seen a vagina before have you ?
this is what i had going through my head when i saw it happen https i.imgur.com/jogyhrm.jpg
definitely know what you mean my brother wanted to get into destiny when he saw me playing and he was younger at the time so i had to do raids and higher level things without my stuff .
even if i do n't get the shirt im going to be ticked off if i dong get ikoras ship from these engrams .
thank you for the concern but i am most definitely not the impulsive one .
i am a coward and a plan and schedule everything .
that 's why i went to just talk to the tattoo artist yesterday to figure out if it 's really what i want fun fact i was terrified for that appointment
i hate to agree with you ... .but it is true to a certain degree .
when rossi started in motogp ... .he said that the bike was not everything that it was the rider ... .this is one of the reasons that he left honda .
now the bike yamaha is not that good now he is blaming the bike ... but other riders are blaming the yamaha for not performing good .
i srongly believe that marquez will dominate next season as well .
the only way that mm can be stopped is ... .if he gets injured but we saw that with his shoulder ... .and look at him now ... .still performing awesome .
you raised her and for 18 years you lied to her about who her father was .
you 've done enough damage so do n't you think you can honor her one wish ?
i feel like sex is an essential part of a relationship .
if you ca n't please him then o feel like he needs to find someone who matches his sex drive
阿尼哥 could be a transliteration of his real name which we will unfortunately never know .
hey rookie did you just call my girlfriend a cow ?
and we are proud to have you and your father .
do they make mini headphones and laptop charger cords ?
hahaha i set all my alarms to down with the fallen and attempt to get out of bed before the 18-19 second mark it 's been a fun couple of years😂
its a nice change from the usual floating yoda homeless guy playing a traffic cone crap you see in leicester square .
oh shit you can find more than just oxygen that way ?
i keep my most important girl 's valentine 's until a super success rate up right before valentine 's
lol but for some reason at 35 my brain was like fuuuck
even my doctor was like i 'm twice as old as you .
white is great but ewbaite is easily their best album since pinkerton in my opinion .
i honestly like it more than blue and it 's my favorite behind pinkerton ... .. do n't me i 'm not ashamed to be in the minuscule minority there .
yeah professional football players are well known for being savvy with investing and personal finance .
i was really hoping i could make money off potions so witches would be a viable money making profession but it was sad .
several negative effects of poppers have been identified.1﻿﻿ these include crusty yellow skin lesions around areas exposed to poppers such as the nose mouth lips and face .
these can be misdiagnosed as impetigo or severe seborrheic dermatitis .
these skin problems usually heal up within seven to 10 days of stopping use of poppers .
poppers are also quite irritating and can cause sinusitis .
they can also trigger allergic reactions accompanied by wheezing and breathing difficulties .
as poppers can be scented allergic reactions can also be triggered by inhaling the perfumes in poppers .
headaches which can range from mild to severe are also common as a result of dilation of blood vessels in the brain .
poppers can also increase the fluid pressure in the eyes known as intraocular pressure which may be problematic to people who are at risk of glaucoma .
you 're only allowed talk shit if you 've been double champ ?
mcgregor was shitting on the fw division from the second he arrived did he need to be quiet too ?
seen this happen a few times and even without and rulers or embassy stepping in they will eventually waive it .
those people who are laughing at you are just juniors and time wasters .
it 's glued/cemented into the wall does n't seem to get off .
i 've seen people with reasons to criticize the cops ranging from ignorance to just outright insane .
you install the radiator in the front of the case now
villainous definitely not my favorite game but it 's my wife 's as it seems to be the one game that she consistently wins at .
i enjoy having a wife that puts up with my hobby and frequently plays games with me so i will always play this game with her as long as she enjoys it .
eclipse one of the first games i fell in love with and discovered it was out of print .
i spent quite awhile looking for it and thought i would have no choice but to spend the premium on the aftermarket but out of pure luck i found it sealed on sale last december at a flgs .
on top of all that i absolutely love the game play .
a great 4x game that 's pretty accessible for new players and plays under 3 hours usually .
gloomhaven before i played board games i played video games and this is easily the closest experience that imitates my favorite video game genre rpg 's .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with higher '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how much karma you need or how old your account must be .
the threshold for post and comment karma is very low and will not take you long .
persistent ignoring of this message will result in you being muted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i thought you were still talking about animal crossing and talking about your villagers giving you random fruit bells lol .
yeah given past experiences i figure fucking a situation and leaving a mess for someone else to clean up is definitely an american tradition that americans find delicious .
because it 's part of the event that was just released on global .
and if you want it to hypnosis can do so with a bit more intensity than most things since you open yourself up with a nice trance .
and the more you enjoy the fantasy the more likely it is that you are affected by it .
had one of these for a loaner the other day while my 19 tucson was getting the 3m chip protection stuff on .
seriously i quit and i 've found some games that i actually enjoy and its honestly crazy booting up a game and being excited about it .
are they a merger of two species the larva and the imago ?
that would be a lot like birds being a merger of a bird species and an egg species .
or better frogs being a merger of a tadpole species and a frog species .
even if one could mate with the other it could n't you 'd end up with a frogglewog or toadpole not something that changes from one into the other .
if reproduction did work like that it would be really exciting to own a mixed breed dog .
or to watch a donkey pass through the mule phase and turn into a horse .
at this rate i 'm hoping to get 4 bikes and 10 blucinas in 1200 orbs 🤞🤞
did she forget the part about the fact that humanity will literally go extinct ?
1000 1100 rtx 2080 ryzen 3600 300 rest of the parts for like 200 .
maybe even after i lose this damn weight ill be the 7 '' i always wanted
you 'll need to try harder than some random data without any explanation .
but after this discussion there are things i see as factual
you are a skinny guy but you look great your abs are showing your arms seem fairly big and you look strong .
spot and work on your weak points chest seems one to keep building balanced physic .
given your levels of activity you need to take in more protein .
given that you go 7 times a week to the gym play lacrosse and run it 's difficult for your body to build muscle at the rate you would like .
accept or at least the trade-off of decreasing your levels of activity to let your body rest and have more calories available to grow .
7.5 weeks is too short of a period to conclude anything significant .
i was replying without watching the video i posted funny right and just with my hazy memories where i see original estelle/joshua faces i 'm dumb .
what does it matter what he thinks of you as long as he accepts you the way you are ?
if everyone did that uni towns would n't be so strongly labour .
op told me to kill myself then deleted their posts .
great job to your ana i still do n't understand how people do n't see reaper like ilya like that coming at this point !
house arrest is a safety measure while you are on trial .
basically while you are being judged for a crime the judge can put you on house arrest so you dont escape or run away from the trial while being judged .
its basically like being detained or arrested only its seen as a softer '' measure .
at least thats how it is in most eu countries .
do n't worry since each turn takes a billion years we will have settled on mars by then .
serious question if this is nsfw is the alma costume nsfw as well ?
https en.gfwiki.com/images/4/4e/alma_costume1.png it 's official art from the game that 's tagged pegi-12 in the play store .
every build i tried seemed to cap at 60 .
you 're not from around these parts are ye ?
there are less than 50 days until the oct. 21 federal election !
the green party of canada has momentum do your part to help elect more mps to join elizabeth may and paul manly in ottawa !
join the green party of canada https www.greenparty.ca/en/civicrm/contribute/transact ? id=43
and of course subscribe to r/greenpartyofcanada and share it with your friends and family !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/greenpartyofcanada if you have any questions or concerns .
except it lasts so long i 'm still using it .
they might of did a shot or something but you ca n't score a bag of dope in a hour when everyone is going to die any second
with ranch dressing to the point where i almost ca n't eat it myself because he will .
i 've seen this phrase tossed around quite a bit in this thread ... as if op has any responsibility for their thought process and these people are entirely without agency .
because the us and britain had no interest nor efficient capability of taking much of their manufacturing and economy capacity and shipping it overseas for themselves .
if you do n't chew big red then fuck you
me too i 'm going to send it to everyone i talk to .
when you message something like that it 's safe to assume you 'll be ignored .
those people usually also have an instagram but i 'd like to believe he follows !
hun meldte ud for flere måneder siden hvornår hun ville være rask ?
ja det mener jeg med den korrektion at det var hvornår hun forventede at være rask .
of course he ca n't be mad what done is done .
but one thing for sure is you broke his heart which is something even far worse than anger itself .
anger wo n't lasts long heartbreak lasts for a long time .
people who loved and got hurt by one sided love knows this feeling really well .
he 'd be reneging on the 52 of leave votes on the referendum question should the united kingdom remain a member of the european union or leave the european union ? ''
how did he have time to do all this shit ?
i rather collect my shit in a tin can for a few months let it ferment and down the entire thing at once rather than listen to a pair of fuckin beats .
i did n't think the papal state has the power to actually seriously claim that land seeing how they need naploitan protection to even exist .
it 's probably quite obvious but i would say more regular practice is the best way to help you maybe look into getting a pole at home and lots of core exercises even if you do 5 minutes of an ab workout everyday that will get you stronger .
finally check that your form is right a lot of people struggle to get their inverts and it 's not because they 're not strong enough it 's just they realise they 're not doing it properly i hope this helps
i liked lis and lis bts but i literally could n't finish lis 2 and i 'm never one to just quit these types of games halfway through .
tja nun ersetze sklaven '' durch maschinen '' un huch ?
war ja am ende doch nur eine frage der verteilung von kapital ?
well it is n't my national tragedy you know .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
i mean everybody says stupid things every once in a while .
he/she who has never posted something dumb ill-informed or cringey should throw the first stone .
that said some of the comments i 've seen on reddit are so utterly wrong and delusional i do need to wonder whether they 're from some parallel reality .
depends if you still believe that johnson actually wants this to happen so that leave voters are pushed to unify under the conservatives .
well only grand armour can compete and it doesnt have a lot of spr .
im not going to moogle offensive things because they get powercreeped fast and i have elenas stmr already
where was this from and why do i remember it
it is a staple of magic but they did n't want it and lovestruck beast together in the same standard environment
lol ok kid you have no idea what you 're talking about
no-one deserves life in prison or execution unless they took someones life
you mean like faslly arresting them then losing their job their car their freedom massive amounts of money most likely their homes/apartment or renal and the myriad of other losses of your life and livelihood that come with being falsely arrested ?
make no mistake when a cop falsely arrests you you are losing your life .
this is a great trade for you i probably would n't accept as the saquon owner .
shadow and dragon seems unlikely to get one because of their inherent theme shadow is all bones and death while dragon is well ... uh ... dragons and reptiles .
yup its always the same and it always feels like the first time
yo i see i raccoons eyes up in that bitch
indeed those are good just look flat when it comes to 3d rendering that 's why i added the inspired shape from the original texture itself
it 's just more hits to activate overpower and also higher white attacks .
have n't read the rest of the thread but they are billions
these lovely girls in the box like they are treated like puppy 's
if you 're eating a healthy balanced diet you do n't need a fibre supplement and too much fibre can actually be bad for you .
if he 's doing it properly he will be using enma shusui and wado ichimonji in the big battle .
plus nidai kinda vanished somewhere when luffy was captured .
we do n't entirely understand what a black blade is .
but if it 's something that a blade can become then it should n't be a factor in zoro picking his best swords .
you can only use this card name 's 2 effect once per turn .
monster is destroyed by battle with an opponent 's monster you can destroy that opponent 's monster. trigger-like
spells/traps with different names from your gy destroy all cards on the field also you can not special summon monsters for the rest of this turn except danger ! ''
i 've just read the man in the moss '' this trailer really reminds me of it .
perhaps that 's just the nature of rural horror they all deal with the same things .
this review that is tagged do judge the quality of this movie and it did gave insight about the merits and demerits of the movie .
you can change your personality and habits just like that ?
better go through j1 again and use the next one year to build new better habits that will serve you well in j2 .
how is it any different from the pile of different stash tabs you can pay for that make leveling and vendoring gear easier ?
do any injuries really come from grub plays though ?
most bad ones like acls etc tend to happen by accident .
only concussion is common from a grub hit but its punished really harshly so its not worth it for the offender .
your post was removed because it broke the subreddit rule on post titles .
check out the rules https www.reddit.com/r/googlesheets/about/rules and submission guide https www.reddit.com/r/googlesheets/wiki/postguide for details .
i 'd agree with him except at the same time he 's the kind of guy whose love for film '' does n't go far enough to watch one with subtitles .
probably because of a mixture of they think we deserve it and it 's pretty much a prefect example of british banter instead of getting offended go prove them wrong about how great brexit is ?
det er værst på r/politics hvis man er kritisk over for kina så er man lige pludselig en trump-supporter .
jeg har også et andet sted kritiseret nogle af putin 's tjetjenien-venner og fik at vide at min regering i usa '' var endnu værre .
det at gøre dem opmærksom på at jeg ikke er amerikaner og det ikke er min regering havde nul effekt .
jeg har også diskuteret med en super-zionist der synes det var helt normalt at de pløkkede ubevæbnede palæstinensere ned ved grænsen .
så spurgte jeg så om det også ville gælde hvis en nøgen baby kom kravlende hen mod grænsen .
he will transfer all of our top players to miami fc
i mean that can choose multiple roles was very well broadcasted in the first solid article about the update
he had enough of everyone 's shit when they would n't shut up .
the smiley hawaiian shirt guy who was always cracking jokes suddenly started roaring and almost ragequit .
after everyone was shocked into silence he kept teaching like nothing happened .
i 've just started never surrender solo on all realistic multipliers .
i 'm planning to extensively test as much my code as possible .
shows up summary on all resources/power can control assemblers to sustain a declared level of components serves as a substitute for conveyor sorter setups and weld drone resupply handler .
so it basically helps me with tedious micro and analytics .
also it 's very satisfying to watch numbers grow after another big ore haul .
that 's another thing essentially no monitoring in that area is being done right now .
im pro-vaccine but its events like this that cause people to fully mistrust the medical industry and sometimes i really dont blame them .
the people i hate more are those who trust the medical industry implicitly .
i mean i could seriously give no fucks about dick size and such but why do all the guy on reddit seem to be uncut .
maybe it 's because it 's incredibly rare to see in the usa .
it 's like saying wow it 's a neet to see someone with 10 ties that the parents did n't amputate at birth for no reason
hello you have previously posted a submission to r/dirtysnapchat within the past 3 hours so your post has been removed .
please wait the required 3 hours before submitting a new post .
you submitted 19 m4f in bed very horny and bored any girl who want some fun ?
add alexsavarina https www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/comments/d2n09k/19_m4f_in_bed_very_horny_and_bored_any_girl_who '' at 2019-09-11 08:41:26 utc .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdirtysnapchat
i think maya 's trying to hide mizzy from her parents
dns over x is a transport mechanism it secures a hop to a dns relay .
the upstream dns resolver can be as at-risk as any other dns resolver for mitm .
dnssec is the only real way to verify dns records are correct .
but dns over x does provide encryption between the client resolver and a relay .
this is useful only to prevent your current isp from intercepting your dns traffic what you 're essentially doing is moving your trust from your isp to another organisation just in the same way you do when you use a vpn on top of your standard connection .
it 's about who you trust to not tinker or snoop on you .
even with school lot of jobs require some sort of aptitude test in order to qualify working there as an employee .
i know that radiology tech in my area requires one and definitely air traffic control .
we do n't have voter id because of our history of racism .
and because voter fraud almost never happens and it never happens on a scale that would tip an election .
on top of that getting an id usually requires money .
maybe not for the id itself but probably for the birth certificate to get the id and that requires going to the county registers office during the day .
in my opinion it is a round about poll tax something that has been ruled unconstitutional .
that and we have so many states that each have their own different id and many people move between the states .
it would be a costly poorly managed nightmare that would disenfranchise mostly poor people and/or minorities and solve a problem that does n't exist .
i feel like i 'm under a heavy sedative and i 'm unable to do anything other than go back to sleep .
i 'm hoping someone can tell me a medical term for what is happening so i can research it properly .
i ca n't help with the rest but that one is called sleep paralysis '' .
not to inerested in the weapon 30k and some odd amount of general repair junk ?
yeah boss i did n't realise i was reading the utilities map upside down .
it does not matter what term you use you little shit the fact remains same people are paying the tax that goes into govt treasury and then allocated into isro 's budget every single indian who bought anything with indian rupees from within india contributed into isro 's budget and it gets divided equally to everyone unless someone donated it directly to isro
jax mains are the last people in the entire world to be complaining right now .
but like for real i ca n't agree more with the title .
plus jax into riven is n't even a hard matchup xd
kind of bummed netflix only offers season 1 in subtitles
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link karma and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
i think they meant kill me '' because they say on oneone '' .
when i googled firefighter and gym this is pretty much the only other one that popped up that was somewhat similar .
a firefighter in full gear amongst a row of stair-masters .
once saw a video about a line of dogs humping each other
i 'm sorry i do n't take a waiting list for next season .
i 'll do the signups in mid-july next year and i always make a couple of posts ahead of time laying out exactly when i will open the league up for new people .
the returning players always get first choice and they get two weeks to sign up and pay and then the league gets opened up to new people .
so i would say to make me a friend '' on reddit or follow '' me i do n't know how that works and start looking in may or june for my advance notice posts .
a lot of people claiming it 's a shame the woman got treatment and can no longer hear trees talk .
talking about how modern medicine destroys our link to the spiritual realm talking about how people are too quick to squash out anything that does n't fit societies definition of normality talking about what if she were actually right and was just better tuned into nature than us etc etc .
i imagine they were removed because it 's pretty dangerous stuff for a bunch of laypeople to be talking about .
and some of it was joking around so it probably broke the rules about the serious tag .
it takes a lot of patients and trial and error to get the far this is probably my 70 attempt at it but i find it too be fun that way .
i mean my second highest character was a level 40 paladin and i died from the behemoth at fort strong cunt hit me vertibird but i have gotten close with dying with this character especially with piper picking up crap like moltovs and throwing them in the smallest rooms but if i die i die got ta delete the whole character and start at level 1 again yup i am insane
esh and controversially you more than her because of intent malicious vs saying stupid stuff
obligatory two wrongs do n't make a right '' but what you said was revealing
i am also in full support of treating and accepting everyone no matter their body type .
however i do believe that everyone should be healthy eating right exercising taking care of their mental health etc or at least attempting to be .
i do n't support those who use the body positivity movement to as a cloak to shield and justify their unhealthy and damaging behaviors .
that 's not full support '' for body positivity .
gon na get flack for saying that but it 's always that excuse people use to try to claim being progressive while still being judgmental .
it 's used with more marginalized groups as well i do n't mind gay people as long as they 're not stereotypical '' .
body positivity is n't a promotion of obesity '' it 's usually a request to be treated like a regular person regardless of weight .
and yeah i 'm not going to sugar coat it a lot of obesity does stem from unhealthy habits but unless you judge friends with less-than-average mental health and everyone who has unhealthy habits you are judging someone for their weight .
most of her comments except the last one were n't meant as digs .
if it was bothering you you should have told her or hr not gone into an insulting diatribe .
now you have no grounds against her and you 're probably geared to get into more trouble .
seems like it would just have banjo fly right through you
i 'm working on doing the byoc relay bypass mod https buildyourownclone.com/collections/sd-1-mods/products/relay-bypass-board-for-sd-1 for my boss sd-1 .
i 'm having trouble and have run out of ideas of what to troubleshoot .
the issue i 'm having is that i get bypassed sound through the pedal but the effect can not be triggered by the footswitch .
i 've checked the continuity of the wiring for each contact to and from the relay board .
is there a way i can troubleshoot other parts of the circuit like the relay board itself or to check that the board is getting power ?
here are some images of the boards https imgur.com/a/ovgz0fp .
thank you and yeah it 's super weird how a lot of n 's are caretakers ... it 's all a front but very conflicting with their natural behaviour !
it could have worked 70 years ago though but not now .
double check if he bought in australian sizes or usa sizes or if he knows which he got aha .
i have a pair in the mens and they are my regular size not sized up or down .
i have a rubber sole on mine but i like the leather soles with a topy added afterwards for comfort too .
not to mention that all taxes even those focused on upper income brackets are regressive and disproportionately affect the poor .
his specific words where ‘what just happened there is that i went into a future dimension with such advanced medicine that they had broken leg serum at every corner drug store . '
i just went back to the episode to double check .
considering the lack of artwork and rare instance of an artist making 6 figures to afford a place like this i 'd guess no way
i do n't think they are hence my comment and hence why their opinion is to be ignored .
but instead of recognizing what i said you choose to try and insult me instead .
i 'd like to be able to get a few tho and to be a bit more confident
and that space after this '' but before the question mark makes me feel like they were going to write what this '' is but decided to cut it short .
scout rifles have received a 10 reduction to range and damage .
duration and damage of fist of havoc increased 50 .
have you committed yourself to hard core research of this phenomenon ?
before proclaiming that hardcore me experiencers are not using critical thinking you should do more research into the very high quality thinkers who experience this phenomenon .
there are numerous individuals who have critically examined their me experiences with a very detailed objectivist-materialistic-rationalistic approach and yet still believe that critical thinking leads them to believe it is most likely not confabulation or imagined or false memories .
honestly i feel this way about all of the building cards
stop posting on reddit you guys already told me this like a thousand times
my story is a lie even though i 've provided proof that it is n't ?
that obviously varies based on the insurance policy and er triage ...
my copay is on my insurance card which my mom carries and she was at work so she had to send me a photo on the way to the hospital .
at checkin i was worried about how much the copay would be so i asked the receptionist if she could check she used my insurance information to look this up .
i think it 's fairly obvious that receptionists at least know the bare minimum of billing information to answer basic questions.. of course complex issues would be directed to billing but.. looking up a copay ?
look into the appalachian trail or pacific crest trail .
i 've done both and both are the adventure of a lifetime .
they also already have a built in culture and amazing cast of characters so it really is like stumbling upon a whole new world .
that 's fine but how exactly do i extract it nevermind insert the graphics ?
its hard to see with the green skin but she does .
it 's only the front though just a little bit .
i dont know her at all but if someone is being a dick to someone then yeah i will leave a comment .
why do you never think i care that much about downvotes ?
if anything they are only really a way to gauge people thoughts on things .
it cant be that this is the the prevailing opinion in much of the western world irl that would make to much sense it has to just be people on the internet that think that as if they cease existing in a pop of smoke when they get off of reddit
that 's what i 've been doing for a while now and it 's pretty nice .
pre ordered dark edition from eb games new zealand had to put a 50 deposit down .
besides ssb since i do n't have her who 's a few good 4th champions for tama/mont/yuna in raid you 'd recommend ?
the first time you get high will probably never happen again lmao .
idk i remember my first time being so different than my highs are now .
the first couple times can be kinda trippy lmao ? ?
oh and smoking a blunt definitely upped the high too w all that nic .
sometimes i forget you have to login in conjunction with adding to cart to see discounts .
i was going off the shown price 5 flat rate shipping .
for the one i have on thursday well we 'll see how much borderlands takes up my time .
commit honorable seppuku and go out on my own terms .
fear and euphoria have controlled people for decades when it comes to market .
currently a college student with one and a half jobs plus i 'm pledging a fraternity so really 2.5 jobs .
my main job is as you said once i clock out i 'm done nothing to take home no stress carried away from the building i work in .
my other job is with my dad working on rental properties .
it 's an on and off thing and i do what i can but since my dad is getting older i 've had to take on more to help them run .
last as a frat pledge it gets busy all the time .
between school work and pledgeship i 've been busy dusk to dawn .
it 's a busy life but a happy life .
could n't be more thankful for my frat brothers and pledge group .
okay i was n't going to go to area 51 but now i 'm in !
it needs to be recognized that nuclear demolition devices are a form of dews
wood makes it clear that nuclear dews are possible but she deliberately does n't try to assign cause to one specific technology .
reminder that the public voted to leave and the government is working against the will of the people .
it 's kind of hard to hear and you started talking right as the sound started recording better but it sounds like a fox .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qanzh9sav5c it 's getting close to mating season .
this to the max i still have trouble brushing my teeth twice a day !
you should clean up the aliasing on the edges of kerbin and submit this to the loading screen contest !
tv status finished episodes 12 genres comedy slice of life
the pain of the election was not a fraction of the pain of 09/11 .
to be fair i 've never seen or experienced it .
i think the main thing is it is meant to accentuate the elevated heart rate which results in things like blushing erratic behavior boners and more .
i did n't make any of the brush sets i used i just downloaded them paid for one of them .
060 when you burn the forbidden wood in a mexican restaurant .
but actually do you have a question to ask me ?
i did n't say it violated the rules nor did i say boys ca n't be quirky^^tm .
every football player now has brain damage and is completely free from any accountability for their choices in life .
this study of 100 dead people totally proves that and is super meaningful in applying these results to everyone across the board .
how long it took you to get 94 if you do n't mind me asking .
the info question can be addressed by telling you to either search the state bar association and there is a website called avvo that 's basically the linkedin of lawyers with reviews and info about the lawyer in question .
it 's not perfect but it 's a decent place to look .
you are right in that free food should not have high standards placed upon it but what good is providing food that is so poor in quality that most kids can't/wo n't eat it ?
in every school i have been in the vast vast majority of food in the school cafeteria is good enough to eat but occasionally a menu item is objectively disgusting .
for example in my secondary school they decided to switch from ordering pizza in bulk from a pizza chain in the area to something the district called pizza squares '' .
these pizza squares were either nut fully baked or the sauce was so watery that the texture of the pizza square was closer to that of warmed porridge with a crust than actual dough .
the kids universally hated it and to the districts credit they switched back to pizza after a couple months .
okay i 'm just so happy for kitty that everything else is just kinda fading away .
stats post incoming but i was n't expecting that until i heard was not a ghost story '' .
you also use them for your team store and concessions discounts
this combination got me past my stuck boss so thank you !
pretty much going between that and the line up i posted depending on who the enemy front line is/if shemira can survive it right now .
do you get the intro screen with the sword and the thalmor ?
mine doesnt even download any data i 've checked using an app it makes a request and then does literally nothing
here is the results for your search for these search tags
no results found you may have an invalid tag or all posts for your tags have a score below 25
it is also possible no posts have an safe rating this bot search for that with this mode .
i 'm not shallow or anything he 's just ... not my type .
this subreddit does seem to be filled with some genuinely awesome people .
i debated policy but went ld one year because of partner issues .
my first time was at a national circuit tournament that i went to with the cx guys and i got absolutely crushed .
at the end of that year though i went to nationals .
no need to be afraid of tough competition as long as you learn something .
the way the ot plays it it feels like a longer time but the pt means that the gap between rots and anh is exactly equal to luke 's age in anh which is 19 years old now that i check wookieepedia
just because your cousin molested you as a child does n't mean you 're 100 fucked up you do n't need therapy ''
do you feel this kind of cutthroat tactics makes america great ?
thank you very much for putting your time to leave a comment .
i 'm very happy to hear that things worked out well for you .
that was one of the concerns i had for switching the jobs i was n't really sure how to break it to the people at the company when i do get the opportunity .
although the pay was n't great this was indeed a good place to start as i was able to learn a lot and i also like the people here .
i will make it simple and polite when the time comes for me to give them the notice .
but you 're telling me it still exists and you do n't technically need whatsapp ?
either way you do n't really need more than a 150 cheap android phone for it nobody is buying flagships for their needs
i think that they wanted a new cast with some of the old people
i honestly have no idea where this could be located that this is ok/legal .
nah y'all are just getting to experience the classic capcom shitboxes of the older games .
that 's right from the base of the food pyramid .
but i agree streamanity should use moneybutton so you dont need to register
can india and england do some sort of exchange deal where we send our top order batsmen who are n't getting games in exchange for some quality middle order bats
as someone who has watched ebl extensively and followed the balkan scene for years colamax is just not very good honestly .
the popoff games in this tournament actually surprised me a lot .
i hope asus can upgrade top and jungle for next split as the quality is there with the rest of the squad .
maybe lotus and gentlemanhero would be willing to join ?
i think that would be a very good team .
for us there 's no requirements but it 's recommended that you 're a leader and are involved ''
they did n't answer the questions from the workers in their response
i try to be the best possible dad and example to both kids .
all kids need good strong examples of mothers and fathers .
barst is the most powerful character in the fe universe .
at a certain point you have to realize that some people are evil and want to see society fail .
like he 's trying to explain it in simpler terms .
cheers talk to the bar seller and he said a 25.4mm kalloy quill stem works but i 'm not sure if it is only cost 3 so i will jump the gun and bet on my luck here
edit the seller retract his statement just right before i ordered a kalloy stem back to searching again
i think he got in contact with boston dynamics and is going to bring a robot on stage saying this america is going to be who is replacing your jobs .
there is the possibility that your last statement is true all we know is that day was n't yesterday .
additionally you said earlier that not all things can be derived .
also true since not everything can be known completely at once .
i believe it 's possible to know more than we do now but it 's a fine and delicate process .
i like the quote but have n't read the road .
we are but mere subjects to the nature of existence .
i forgot rid of social media for a similar reason .
no one messages me with something cool or something important i wasted hours on the explore page on ig and those weird ass shows on snapchat .
all you need is to keep tabs with a select few people if possible family close friends and even though we 're taught not to talk to strangers they 're cooler than half the people at school so why the fuck not you know ?
it 's been a month and a half w/o instagram and snapchat and i feel no negative impact .
i was convincing myself that i needed it the whole time .
except it did win over some dc fanboys who were completely fine with that lackluster cameo the nostalgic theme .
my piece of advice is this do n't worry about how horrible you 're doing .
you 're on the ice trying and that 's something .
i 've found the hockey community to be exceptionally supportive and welcoming .
i play on a team with my husband and have zero business being part of all advanced skill level and each guy consistently treats me as part of the team by passing and helping me throughout the game .
i always focused on i suck or they think i should n't be here because i 'm a woman. and find it to be quite the opposite .
they 're all supportive and helpful—even when i make mistakes .
everyone has been in your shoes so embrace it and soak in the advice they give to you when you 're on the bench !
this just in lack of sleep affects intellectual and physical well-being .
scientists still uncertain whether physical and intellectual well-being correlate with quality of chess play .
upper wisconsin is a part of michigan so it should have a blue logo on it
were n't sires humans infected with immulsion that were further experimented on ?
we ought to fix that by punishing them for working harder .
claiming the judge is going to somehow discriminate against the 80 asian student population to favor those poor minority white students is overreaching .
he should n't be a coach because he ca n't be trusted around children .
not that he 's going to be racist against the majority of the students there .
i feel like the gstl was just trying to salvage their pride haha
i 've done that overextended myself too much with making it right that i end up digging myself into a hole
last i checked republicans were the ones running pedophiles for the senate .
but maybe that 's just normal behaviour in alabama .
hey man i work on the back side of retail at another big box store .
just tell them how awesome they are and how amazing the culture is .
i 'm just throwing this out there but is it not possible that the first time jack got there is because he followed raizou ?
remember that we have been told that kinemon and co got noticed then chased by kaido 's crew when they were leaving wano .
as for the second time could it be that they have that permanent log pose to record zou 's magnetic field or something ?
instead of traitor maybe orochi intel is that good !
he got oniwabanshu working for him afterall the ninja can just be everywhere and heard gossip and whispers .
version control '' is how you make sure that if you and someone else or a group of people are working on something like a document you can trace who made what changes and when .
so you do n't accidentally overwrite something and you can go back to the last person who made changes and what they did .
if you 've ever used google docs on a group project you 've done some sort of real time version control .
git '' is a type of version control software that 's especially helpful for maintaining version control not just for documents but for all sorts of files you 'd need when developing software or a computer program .
so right now i 'm working with someone else on a website .
we both want to work on the website at the same time but we do n't want the changes we make to potentially mess up each others work or the main version of the website that is running .
if i make a change somewhere it wo n't mess up my partner 's work or the main site .
when i 'm satisfied with my changes i can commit and push them and i can then make sure nothing conflicts that would cause problems .
or someone else can review those same changes depending on the actual workflow .
an online git project or repository also makes it so that i can easily get the files i need if i 'm on a different computer for some reason like i 'm at home or i 'm using a virtual machine or something .
i do n't have to go get the files off that other computer .
i can work on the new computer push the changes back and then when i 'm back at the old computer i can then pull down my changes and i do n't have to start over again .
yesterdays foods https www.instagram.com/p/b2smpfwgsrw scrambled eggs breakfast meat cheese and olives snack lilith gets to have some cheese too and kielbasa and cabbage dinner .
currently prepping home for the incoming new couch today will be moving one small 2 seater to basement tomorrow night will be moving the large couch to office ... . then saturday is the glorious day ! ! !
i planned movie night and moved five guys friday to sat !
have n't decided on what to watch ... omg i am fucking excited still ! !
love to you all 3 kcko ... and may the macros be ever in your favor ! ! !
why do people rush to pick someone up immediately after getting knocked down or falling like that .
it 's like they think if i get them to their feet really quickly they wont be hurt .
he only hears the negatives and never the positives our law enforcement provides .
plus its the cool thing to hate on reddit because being cool is important .
now imagine all that shit while also moving every year .
sure having fucked up parents can be destabilizing but having fucked up parents while also going to a new school every year is absolutely stunting
so does playing sleepy monster '' with a 9 year old girl as big as my wife count as creepy ?
i 'll facetime her tonight without my shirt on and ask her for myself .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with higher '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how much karma you need or how old your account must be .
the threshold for post and comment karma is very low and will not take you long .
persistent ignoring of this message will result in you being muted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i keep seeing people talking like this and it 's like they do n't understand his base still loves him and he 's attracted many many other republicans who were lukewarm in 2016 .
if the democratic candidate does n't whip up a lot more votes than hilary did in the places that matter we will be looking at 8 years of trump .
this is utterly amazing we 're so deep into fast and easy communications that we forget how to take really advantage of them .
since there are too much to do in my world beside sex dota movies college friend work and stuff that be my responsibility .
in my mind sex is special things that must be given after i married could be before .
if its too hard for you to have sex my advice try to join some community or people that you know you can blend in with .
human are stronger in group and trust me you might do n't know what you can do with that power but when you have power over something it feels like orgasm .
i never had sex but i masturbate so i know how orgasm feels
okay this might not help you get sex but i hope you can be more human by doing this .
if this might help its easier to chat with people you know have similiar interest .
even though you feel the awkwardness of talking to new person you can feel the connection buliding up .
then maybe if you lucky it can help you get sex
really only need tens of millions to make millions .
actually the body donation and free cremation would be perfect .
i already have my organ donor checked and have never really thought about full blown giving the old corpse away .
or find a tool that does it https github.com/benbanerjeerichards/spotify-history-downloader https github.com/benbanerjeerichards/spotify-history-downloader
or get the data yourself https developer.spotify.com/console/get-recently-played ? type limit after before https developer.spotify.com/console/get-recently-played ? type limit after before
so are you suggesting people are entitled to jobs now or entitled to force employers to change the way they do business to suit them ?
i 'm guessing they 're playful caricatures of celebrities .
really cool track layout though i feel like the scenery and the tunnels could use a little sprucing up here and there .
also it ends nor is it exceedingly long i feel disappointed in your mr. bones ' wild ride reference .
if her father was tortured by pinochet he was likely a communist ... what 's that say about her ?
i will be happy enough if you just keep sharing content .
aquarius venus when the stars have friends with benefits !
do you really think that ippo will beat a guy sendo could n't even touch ?
why are people downvoting me instead of just commenting me why they dont like it ?
jacinda and haworth both said they did n't know that there were sexual assault allegations but sarah has proven that these allegations were made .
and we know that they were informed we do n't know when .
it 's likely jacinda would have been the last to be informed because those in charge of maintaining pr and those dealing with the initial investigation into the allegations were doing two separate things ascertaining what exactly happened and preventing more leaks .
now you say that labour did know what these allegations were but are unable to comment ?
yes for the same reasons that any other person or organisation involved in an investigation internal or internal could not comment on that investigation until it had been concluded .
that way what was established in that investigation could be either disseminated to the news media and by extension the general public or it could be kept under wraps .
i 'm sorry but that is false and completely not what was said .
it is n't false for the same reason that labour 's handling '' can not be determined to be poor or not poor .
are you saying that jacinda lied about not knowing about the sexual assault allegations to protect an internal investigation ?
no what i am saying is that was n't able to comment either through not being informed of the contents of the investigation other than what was occurring or that she could n't do so because it could impair the investigation process .
spinoff have been provided with actual labour party documents .
the labour party could say that these were not real documents or provide documents that follow up interviews were conducted if indeed they were .
they could n't do that because it would portray the party as people are attempting to portray it now that it is covering up sexual assault allegations for political purposes .
that narrative is what is dominating media coverage whether that narrative has any merits to it or not or even if that narrative was the intention of leaks in the first place .
if an organisation company or in this instance a political party releases documents that contradict those of an alleged victim that have been validated what kind of perception do you think that has on the public ?
those who want to construct a narrative that there has been a cover up will scream that those documents are fake those who believe what labour mp 's and the pm have said will end up claiming that the alleged victim is lying .
that ends up making then situation a lot worse and puts the party between a rock and a hard place .
darvish was nasty before he got hurt he had decent command on 6 pitches and threw hard .
o b j e c t i v e l y wrong .
the gameplay in mz sucks it 's a corridor shooter for a game that 's got terrible gunplay .
i suppose i could have made my take hotter by saying it 's funnier than old world blues which i genuinely believe owb has absolutely godawful pacing and it ruins every joke by repeating each one at least twice .
obsidian 's humor is also quite a bit more juvenile than bethesda 's although i suppose that 's another thing that makes new vegas more faithful to the originals .
what do you mean by set their own goals ?
just the self-direction of having lots of things to do from the start and deciding when and how you 'll do them on your own .
so like in bethesda games i can totally ignore the main quest to do things like collect money to buy a house or visit a location not even involved in the main quest or join the mages or thieves guild and do that stuff or just run around and explore dungeons off the side of the road .
breath of the wild 's plot is so barebones i can do the divine beasts in any order or not at all or find a bunch of shrines first or do some side-quests i started .
these open-worlds also have the aspect of you see something interesting on the horizon and you can go investigate it and it is interesting .
breath of the wild was engineered purely for moments like these usually rewarding you with a korok seed or a new shrine or something .
compare that with the witcher 3 which i called out for having a weak open-world the main quest is level-gated so despite starting with three separate threads to follow you 're pushed into always doing them in the same order .
the side-quests are also level-gated and fairly localized so it follows a more standard rpg formula of visiting one zone completing all the quests there then visiting the next and never coming back new vegas has the same problem yes i 'm still bitching about that game .
and there 's nothing actually interesting to just happen upon .
the only time i decided to go off the beaten path to investigate something weird i saw on the horizon was the fyke isle tower which was all haunted and cool but i could n't actually do anything there until keira metz ' questline sent me there later .
there 's various monster nests and bandit camps across the map but they just feel like filler .
wait i thought he was back for the guardians 3 is n't he ?
i 'm just using the biggest parts i can to keep the count low the launch stage is the only place i 've had to put two fuel tanks in a row that was n't size adapters .
i 'm dropping most stuff to get me home but if i have any leftover deltav i 'm going to return the planes too
you 're implying that each dentist surgery and bank only have one employee .
obviously it 's not going to be practical for every single occupation but that 's not what 's being proposed here .
this are all the legends i have link https imgur.com/a/owv0nqf .
with the multi sugo i was going to pull but now i 'm hesitant because i 'm afraid i 'm gon na get outdated or bad legends .
is it better if i skip this and wait for a good limited pool ?
i follow them on fb but i hardly get on there .
just something about an evil entity that always knows where you are and is always walking towards you is deeply unsettling and makes me feel like i have a cold blanket on me .
love him for who he is not how he used to make a living .
that your even asking makes me feel so bad for your bf
the strawberry part is one of my 5 a day .
agree with everything you said ca n't wait to see more !
this person was talking to people for like 6 hours so they would have had to do nothing but that for how many dudes they talked to .
have n't seen people in canada stop '' for these signs in a while either ...
and anyways they already did an 8-years study in metro toronto turns out long-time canadians are statistically more dangerous on the road than recent immigrants .
if the mortgage is 100k then it 's costing them 5k per year in just interest to maintain it at that rate given they can not refineries at a lower rate .
nidhogg is a gigantic creature honestly so if you keep on with that trend your creatures should be on a similar level of power .
i could recomend charybdis for gluttony with her being just a huge mouth that exists to devour .
like i said in my previous comments a person like jesus could have probably existed but the stories around him are fabricated .
king harod having all male babies under the age of 2 killed .
classical historian michael grant for instance stated the tale is not history but myth or folk-lore '' ''
the government ca n't get everyone to vote and that takes like no effort .
you really think they 're going to get everyone to gay-fuck ?
3 months ago i could do 1 ... .i 'm up to 5 straight now ... .i probably up to about 30ish a day .
there are some seeds where i have no problem figuring it out and others where i 'm baffled by what the hints are .
i 've read a ton of posts comments and articles in r/fitness and elsewhere it seemed everyone did something different ...
but a couple things were basically present in every discussion from people with good calves
the achilles tendon is tough as shit and need to be really broken down to get any growth .
we can walk for a long time and never be sore our calves are literally built to withstand a lot of volume .
so you need to add a lot of quality volume in terms of reps sets and weights .
if you bounce weights you will get shit results .
bouncing is easy and does n't break wear it down or get a good stretch .
for me and others i read it never seemed to better if you do heavy weights vs lighter weights so long as reps/sets were higher .
again control the motion no bouncing always ascend and descend slowly squeeze at full stretch for at least a second .
currently this is what i 'm doing but i switch it up every program so i 've done this for 12 weeks and will change it over the next 12 weeks
smith machine calf raises stand on a block or plates to get full range of motion 5x8 .
leg press machine holds press the with your calves until you 're fully extended hold that squeeze for 10 seconds release and let the weight push your toes back down hold the bottom of the range for 1 second that 's one rep. do that for 5 sets 6 reps per set .
standing bodyweight calf raises on a block or plate for full range of motion 5x25
i try to have 1 really heavy day 2 medium ish days then 1 body weight day .
if you do n't groan a little after each set you can do a little more weight or reps .
it 's the one exercise imo you should pretty much always feel when you 're done .
if i do n't i throw in one more set and do it extremely slowly to feel the burn .
note this is also a great time to superset in some of your other accessories or core work !
i 'll do lateral raises pullups v-ups etc anything that does n't tax the calves from my routine i 'll superset in to knock that shit out .
the tiny orange flecks are not an aberration in kupny 's film .
as kupny snapped photos the multitude of photons of radioactive energy swarming around him imposed their image on his film .
imperceptibly as kupny pressed his shutter button the effervescence of the decaying reactor fuel jeweled the atmosphere in the buried chamber lighting it up like an elaborate spidery chandelier .
until it comes out of their pension fund there are n't going to be any good '' cops .
... is no one going to ask about the murder ...
do you think aaa games have become cheaper or more expensive to make in the last 20 years ?
take any ps2 game for example that took 2 or 3 years to develop with a fairly large team .
today it would be made in a fraction of the time for a fraction of the cost .
large publishers choose to invest more into their games because hitting a larger market means that it 's more profitable overall .
the barrier for entry is cheaper than ever but potential returns only go up with more investment .
it 's not like aaa games still have the same net profit as they did 10 or 20 years ago .
also worth noting that the rise of digital sales has made games far more profitable overall and not just by cutting out physical shipping costs .
games only had a real profit cycle of a month or two back in the day when new copies remained on store shelves .
games continue to sell for years after launch now bringing continuous revenue instead of only a month or two of any notable profit .
profit per individual customer is down but would you rather make 40 1000 times ?
so a clijsters-andreescu match is possibly on the cards .
would be awesome considering kim was bianca 's childhood idol
two you need to be clear about what really happened .
the 9-11 highjackers did n't do it because of their religion .
the highjackers and the people who got them to do it used religion to justify evil deeds in pursuing political goals .
what matters to most people is who won on the court
tell that to the louisville fans catching endless shit on this very sub re 2013
now you made black door question it 's own existence and gave it crippling depression .
guys calm the fuck down its just a stupid gimmicky marketing tool .
no-one 's hailing it as the new bible no one 's coming for your penises .
i feel like a lot of people are way overreacting over here .
i do n't think cliff and nicole handled it that well maybe burning tommy after giving him hope letting the showmance in on the fact they were close to turning if they do in fact vote tommy out but it still comes down to the f4 veto .
it 's hard to know jury perception until we get more info on that front and getting out a jury and potential comp threat is certainly not a bad thing .
it 's intended so you do n't keep going into uncreated areas of the map without giving you immersion-breaking walls its not intended for you to troll others with no benefit to yourself .
the argument it 's a feature '' falls apart if you know the devs would patch it were a more widespread issue .
orient kamasu or ray 2 koulld be dressed up and still look right..
everytime i see a post like this ... fml .
wait it 's more like everytime i see a post in this subreddit i get sad .
i supported him with going to 4 of his concerts vip tickets and countless merch purchases and feel like i 'm never going to get this .
i 'm about to pay resell prices on ebay so i can complete the vinyls on my wall .
honestly i also did not find the dialog vague in any way it seems really clear to me .
but since you strongly interpret it in a very different way i figured it must be vague in some way i was n't seeing .
i think the way he dejectedly dwells on how his body is swollen and grotesque then immediately after that saying nothing fyr has done has helped is completely clear he 's talking about the physical symptoms .
otherwise he 's just spurting random unrelated sentences like a neural net .
and it further seems clear to me that he did n't just spontaneously get better he discusses getting better immediately after saying he owes his life to fyr and talking about how he took him in .
again otherwise he 's spouting random sentences that do n't relate to each other or build on the previous ones in any way .
plus i think if he made a miraculous recovery on his own he 'd surely mention that .
but again you 've interpreted it differently so i guess it is n't as clear as i think it is .
it must be at least slightly vague despite what you and i think .
thank you to everyone who helped out ! ! !
my wife 's video is now the most viewed video and we got a lot of great feedback !
oh and also each software update apple slows down older phones
being an intermediate boss tasked with learning people some bossing.mechanics i 'd say they are in a good spot .
perhaps make granite dust tradeable otherwise i see no reason to change them .
if you dont enjoy them just camp regular gargs .
not everything needs to shit out cash either and being an mmorpg it cant be expected that every player likes everything in the game .
wait until the message saying your game is ready pops up b4 you stop testing and then yes yes it does .
i dropped it on my leg while vaping in bed earlier this week .
have a nice circle where it landed and then rolled around .
i think it 's instinct to try to slow the fall .
i stopped a hammer that a dropped with my foot so it would not mess up the floor .
of course my foot was messed up for a month but at least the floor was good
blame the failures of these programs on a lack of leadership and oversight .
similar failures occur in the for-profit system with outrageous fraud poor care medical errors and widespread coverups .
almost every time i see a doctor or dentist i do battle with insurers providers on the phone for hours to make sense of the billing .
i 've always kept notes about dr visits and discussions to prevent being improperly handled charged which happens more times than not .
the us healthcare system has not ranked highly compared to other countries for about a decade or more .
although the u.s. has the most expensive health care system in the world the nation ranks lowest in terms of efficiency equity and outcomes according to the commonwealth fund report .
one of the most piercing revelations is that the high rate of expenditure for insurance is not commensurate to the satisfaction of patients or quality of service .
high out-of-pocket costs and gaps in coverage undermine efforts in the u.s. to improve care coordination the report summarized . ''
just because we are forced to pay a lot for care does n't mean that we get quality care .
france australia germany canada sweden new zealand norway the netherlands switzerland and the u.k. were all judged to be superior all nations with a national health care program .
the first year was fine then came the republicans who stood in the way of improvements adjustments that were needed to keep the program affordable .
still people continued to buy it because the alternative was having nothing .
no one should have to pay 1000 monthly for premiums face a 12k deductible before insurance even kicks in .
face it there is an aggressive for-profit health care industry that pays our elected officials a lot of money to protect their financial interests which means forcing us to pay the highest prices in the world for care and medicine to thwart any attempt at a reform that would favor the consumer over their profits .
i have n't been an re fan for too long i just started playing the games when 7 came out and have n't done much research on the past games but i do intend on playing them .
does anyons else still have the extremely annoying bug where if you go to loot someone or revive your horse you just stand there for about 30 seconds stuck in the animation ?
they get sent automatically from a list as you become eligible .
most likely just happened as your term did n't go through all the systems in time to stop the card from being sent .
it will just instantly call for a member of management to take it from you .
of course something that obvious is something i did n't try
maybe he can learn from my mistakes in life so he wont repeat them .
backstep+melee on some weapons has a different attack mostly unique .
i understand a low risk pregnancy can sometimes lead to a high risk labour i 've seen it a few times .
interventions at the start of labour increases this chance too for example inductions regardless of risk factor .
if 0.000001 is allegedly the chance risk of a serious adverse reaction source ?
what is the actual risk even of developing the cancer cervical oral ?
do all the pre-requisites before you transfer if you have any specific questions email the aerospace department .
try to keep your gpa as high as possible .
if you can get involved in your community college and/or apply to the honors college in miami dade you can add it to your application too .
also start your essays since early so you do not stress about them too much and can start brainstorming since early and do not miss the deadline !
every major/program/department has different deadlines especially for engineering programs because they usually wait to get all the applications and then they decide among the pool .
attach a harpoon rowboat to the back of your ship and try it with that .
they look like if tmnt was actually a magical girl anime and i kind of love it in that light
go home start a fire lay a steel beam in the fire .
now get plenty of fuel and get an air source blow into the base of the fire while feeding plenty of fuel watch the steel get red hot .
that is exactly what happened the breeze blowing accelerated the fire temperature .
and the fuel got a really good fire started .
just imagine all those double-d characters naked in the pool o
how did anybody here play this without a trans lens ?
well question was a little bit open this person is not saying that is has no studies and my answer edited was very abstract as well
why ca n't i just get basic windows without fucking mcafee trials and other bullshit .
also why ca n't i be the one to determine when to install an update .
i 've had times where i 'm shutting my computer down to rush out the door and suddenly your computer is updating this will take a minute ''
hi it appears you may be new to this subreddit !
please check out the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/mechanicalkeyboards/wiki/index for general information about mechanical keyboards and consider posting questions in the daily sticky post at the top of the page https old.reddit.com/r/mechanicalkeyboards/about/sticky for any smaller questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mechanicalkeyboards if you have any questions or concerns .
iirc the tigers got some sort of aam that can only be countered with flare spam but yeah .
he 's right the depths of the gear system only kicks in when you reach the dlcs .
but that does n't mean that the game only gets good there .
gear is important before that but because you usually do n't keep your gear for too long it 's not critical to min/max .
just sort by level equip the best after each mission and mass sell the rest .
the game is still awesome even without spending time min/maxing your gear .
it 's a little country with only 50k inhabitants to the extent that i think i might even give up his identity if i said which one it is !
if jackson was a superfan he would n't be as mad as he is right now .
heck all bluetooth earbuds after a year of daily use .
the battery life has gone down on all of them and you ca n't replace them without destroying the casing .
even if all other aspects worked the battery will be an issue .
first have a fire character with the 5.3 weapon .
preferably a mub 'd 5 star dragon too as you want as much damage as possible but i bet you can get away with ifrit if everyone is on their a game and it 's not a team of them .
create a room make it fire only remove staffs match the room to your might and click the endeavors option .
this removes you from the join pool and people have to specifically click on your room you want this .
you want your wyrmprints to be a skill damage print and a mub 'd choco .
i 'm unsure about dprep since in every one of my runs even non-epithet runs i get dragon before he breaks but that could be other people bringing prep .
unload your skills at the beginning and start force strike spamming unless you 're bow in which case the adds are gon na fuck you .
when he 's close to breaking transform and start wailing on him .
tl dr fuck the petrify res weapon praise choco use the epithet tag .
i bought a 25 225gb ssd from amazon and it 's a significant increase in performance .
i suspected something like that but the whole cannon ball threw me off .
might be a lack of sleep help contributed to the brain fart as well .
imo if it 's a node web server we 're talking about it 's overkill and async/await is more than enough and arguably more readable .
i use rxjs daily in angular and it really shines when it comes to reacting to multiple event sources composing them using operators such as debounce throttle auto unsubscribe with takeuntil etc .
for node web apps however you mostly have a sequential flow i.e .
you 'd most likely be flatmap-ing all the time and not really using many operators .
bro you should do that every day for yourself not your crush
i did think that evicting tommy is the better move
but the way that cliff and nicole are doing it .
if they flip back tommy might be mad at them
i 'm trying to go for the soft boy style and i currently have the trousers however i 'm struggling to find oversized sweatshirts that have my size s do you guys know what brands might have some good ones ?
steam_clan_image 4596947/c8d2cccad6b14db5681c31a9a2ff7b8152a3a68b.pngyarrr ! all hands on deck ! a ship sailed to the bay of your castle .
the captain extravagant gimpy jack follows a unique code of honor he only attacks his own kind — pirates .
your people were about to get scared at first but quickly realized that the crew was not threatening them at all.but before taking a hair of the dog that bit you you have to earn for booze .
that 's why the pirates decided to sell off some of the treasures they found .
the talents are of no use for them but will come in handy to your heroes.hurry up to the fair to get talents from the pirate adventures subset !
steam_clan_image 4596947/751d5cb454613898a5fd1a735ff4486476b8bbac.pngfor the whole week until 12 p.m. utc+3 september 18 look for legendary chests at the fair with 6–7 talents from the pirate adventures collectible subset ! the chests will cost ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ 70–100 prime crystals for a 6 chest 90–110 prime crystals for a 7 chest.do n't let the chance slip and obtain the desired talents ! always yours prime world team
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
uncharted 4 and red dead redemption 2 showed just how little gameplay you can get away with in a 60 game and that for a narrative-driven '' game having the appearance of depth is far more important than actual quality .
swbf2ea showed where the limit is for lootboxes which is the game being directly p2w so anything else will forever be defended by gamers because it could be worse lol ''
smash ultimate and mario maker 2 showed the industry that you can release broken and never patch as long as your company has a good reputation .
amiibo showed the industry that gamers will accept or even desire microtransactions as long as they 're not called microtransactions .
halo mcc and no man 's sky showed the industry that releasing broken is actually favorable since after patching your game you continually get positive pr points .
division 2 and destiny 2 showed that reputation does n't really even matter since even a terrible first game wo n't prevent people from buying the second if you market and hype it enough .
you know what 's more interesting is that the clerk said i 'm not the first to return the model o i checked the shop website and they actually have more used opened '' model o 's than new on stock '' .
but really weight is not the issue it 's the click .
you really do n't need to try to get used to it when you already know you have an issue with another mouse that has like 50 less force required to click .
even with that being sad it 's not a bad mouse at all i 'm glad it got produced and that it 's out there .
with my dearest friends i do although in most parts of the netherlands the 'bise ' has transformed into a single kiss and a hug .
it 's a single kiss and a hug most of the times .
but i 've already seen it once so why not .
because she was supposed to be serving the mfg at the time as part of her training .
nobody punished her for all the people she killed after her training was complete .
hey i visited you and saw you needed a lot more bits .
are you sure you only want the one ad agency ?
let me give you a ride to school on my motorbike so everyone sees and then if you want i can politely talk to them while wearing my full motorbike gear armored jacket reinforced knuckle gloves and explain to them how their actions effect others .
heres to hoping youre no more than like 10 years old so i 'm actually intimidating
for anyone that follows my fan kit stuff sorry for not doing these as often as i usually do .
been under a lot of stress at work lately making me feel burnt out and not having motivation to do anything when i have free time .
i 'm still going to make more though that 's for sure .
and hopefully i 'll pick up the pace again .
this post almost reminds me of shaun of the dead
this post has been removed because it does not follow the proper title format on r/therewasanattempt .
see the correct title format here https www.reddit.com/r/therewasanattempt/wiki/titleformat and please message the moderators if you are confused using the link below .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/therewasanattempt if you have any questions or concerns .
sadly your post has been removed for the following reason s
rule 12 no pedo content submissions/content should not be of pedophiliac character or involve the sexualization of minors or extreme physical harm of minors .
failure to do so will result in the ban of the user for the duration of a week .
if you have any questions you can message the mod team through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/cursedcomments replies to this removal comment will not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
i do n't see ewan mcgregor in any of these photos ?
that does n't make them less amusing to ridicule .
my prediction and my wish luffy is pumped about his new ability thinking he could beat or even scratch kiaoud and then gets one shot k.o.ed again .
it would perfectly show the insane gap of strength betweeen a youngster like luffy and an og yonkou like kaidou .
in case you wanted to keep veering over the edge https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foucault's_pendulum
ya honestly all that talk about it 's unethical to use hugh to destroy the borg '' and they did n't even ask hugh if he would be cool with it and honestly he probably would be excited to be the one to end the borg .
it might be a better option to replace the monitor with a 17 '' monitor that already has the needed connection type for the build
yep and especially considering that it 's pretty common to find even 20 '' 4:3 monitors for about 40 and the monitor encoder for the a1u monitor costs about 30 you 're almost always better off getting another monitor .
especially if you were planning to build a cab from scratch which likely means you have enough experience and access to proper tools to mod the stock monitor frame or build a new one then for 10 more than an encoder you get a much bigger and higher quality display .
damn i thought i was the only one who did this
cf-18 was flying a twilight demo with a ton of afterburner .
it was pulling a lot of g 's as well so it matches your description .
u/notuneven your submission was removed because you do not have at least 300 comment karma .
please see the sidebar or wiki https www.reddit.com/r/food_pantry/wiki/index for a full list of rules .
visit your local churches soup kitchens food banks salvation army and other charities .
usa call 211 find your local food bank http www.feedingamerica.org/find-your-local-foodbank apply for snap http www.fns.usda.gov/snap/apply or try a wic office http www.womeninfantschildrenoffice.com
canada call 211 find your local food bank https www.foodbankscanada.ca/utility-pages/find-a-food-bank.aspx
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/food_pantry if you have any questions or concerns .
i just finished a storyline that heavily featured a couple .
they tie in to a larger story/world but are fine on their own if you 're interested
the more i follow american politics the more gop voters feel aliens to me .
i feel genuinely incapable of putting myself in their shoes and supporting him .
shitty pass to a open man under the rim .
it 's common with young people these days to address a group in a genderless way some people do n't like you guys apparently .
when i was in college it was a popular option .
any time you double tap either a comment header or an inbox item header the item should collapse .
to open an inbox item you need to double tap the content of the message .
i totally get though that this is a bad and confusing design .
do you have any thoughts on how i could better design it ?
i said i feel sorry his coworkers have to deal with him ... ..
once i tell him about the deal and promise to either split it with him or donate half to the charity of his choice he 'll probably just go to town on my kitchen and we 'll buy some hospital a new wing or something .
has it occurred to you that they were busting his balls so he was just going along with it ?
he 's never shown an inclination to be a gold digger .
tell him what you heard and give him a chance to explain himself .
jorm has plenty of things that needs to be fixed .
999 and vlr midgame dialogue s you know when g-olm started talking about his brain communicating wirelessly with his body in vlr i started suspecting that lotus was zero .
it was so similar to lotus 's speech about wireless monitors in 999 that i assumed she had programmed zero jr . ''
try inkscape or maybe consider affinity 's drawing program .
learning that the book of daniel was written in 167bc was one of the most stressful things i 've ever experienced .
in matthew jesus says the fulfillment of daniel 's prophecies are going to be in the future .
you know how in the 1800 's loads of protestants did a bunch of calculations based on daniel and concluded that jesus would return october 22nd 1844 ?
if you 're unaware this was a massive movement and all seventh day adventists jehovah 's witnesses millerite groups and even mormons came from this movement .
well it just so happens that at the exact same time the shia muslim world believed the return of christ was coming because it had been 1000 years since the occulation of the 12th imam .
it just so happens that somebody made the claim to be herald of that return in 1844 .
the dude who claimed to be christ 's return 's birthday was october 22nd .
this was also in the year 1260 on the muslim calendar and one of the primary calculations in the daniel prophecy is the 1260 days prophecy .
this moment was the start of the baha'i faith .
if the book of daniel is inauthentic then none of that is prophecy fulfilled .
i could live with that but here 's the part that really messed me up .
there is a figure in the baha'i faith named abdu'l-baha who was granted infallibility in his words by baha'u'llah who baha'is believe is the return of christ .
now abdu'l-baha specifically said that daniel was a prophet and that everything that was happening in the baha'i faith was daniel 's prophecy fulfilled .
since i believed that daniel was a second century anachronistic forgery i believed that abdul-baha was wrong and therefor baha'u'llah was wrong for claiming abdul-baha could be infallible and therefor baha'u'llah could n't be a manifestation of god .
what 's worse is that jesus himself claimed that the book of daniel was true prophecy so either the writers of the gospel were lying or else jesus was not a manifestation of god .
either way the gospels would n't be a good way for me to find truth about god .
so i looked a little bit further back into judaism and found out the exodus never even happened and at that point i was like aight i just dedicated my life to a giant ponzee scheme based all of my morals and worldview on the most insane web of lies i could possibly conceive of and now i have no idea how to even conduct myself as a person because every thought i have and every shred of community i have is built upon this mess of a religion ''
these are all un upgraded stuff they 're for a new character
had to beat the game for the dammned wind gun .
now the agency shotgun has taken its place in most scenarios .
surely you did n't have to be told you were fired .
they should though i want to see them cry .
yes but because of the accident jennifer 's mind will never progress past an infant 's .
yea but idk if you 'll need more cookie cat is a bop
that joke literally broke her she had to do the robot to reboot .
why didnt you mention the immaculate inning or jd 's catch in the title ?
1,000 square feet of roof space and 1 of rain 690 gallons of water .
it 's ridiculous how much water you can store .
many places will have huge dumps of rain then severe droughts as the climate changes .
they are living off grid in a wicked dry desert and have an amazing rain catchment system .
as for the heat cob or earthen houses can hold a nice 50-60 f degree temps when it is 120 outside .
i think this is a really good plan for collapse prep .
you are away from pathogens garden pests and human populations by living in less than ideal areas and building it to be hospitable .
colloquially it 's often called a tractor but front-end loader is the correct term .
black was such an awesome fps game for the ps2 .
it always bothered me that it was not multiplayer and that there was not a sequel at least while i paid attention .
i felt like there was a lot more they could have done .
i take this article with a complete grain of salt .
did popcap just lean in to eurogamers ear and say hey go spoil the game secrets for me
a judgment then requires you to pay somebody to collect it .
in ca there will be a judgment then a repeal of judgment as dd claims they never received notice from the plaintiff .
i 've been to small claims court as an actual business owner suing another business .
even when i won the maximum amount i had to spend a day collecting records multiple days looking for actual california code so i can cite it as opposed to just say it ai n't right your honor '' .
the defendant can be ignorant of the law if the plaintiff is ignorant of the law .
i had to sit outside and then on the backbenches an entire day watching countless cases before mine .
with different judges because the first go round was default judgment then i had to go back when they claimed they were not given notice if they refuse to sign they win .
every case before mine the amounts were cut immediately when the plaintiff could n't cite the actual corresponding law .
and when they said wait your honor what about this law ? ''
the judge says that part of the claim is already in the past .
and they do n't tell you if it is in your favor or not .
you really have to guess if you made your point and find out the actual damages later .
and prior o that you have to go through an arbitration process in the hopes it does n't even have to go to court .
then you will get a call after judgment as the business tries to negotiate lower .
if it is a big company many will take the lower offer despite judgment because they do n't want to spend more on actual collections .
all of this time you are not earning money .
and even when you win you feel like you 've worked 8x for payment of 1/8th diluted value .
you have to metaphorically become a professional small claims court plaintiff to get what you should have been paid in the first place .
hey man can i use this godly image for my meme ?
i contend that there are also trades that are not traditionally seen as one .
so there are bs collegiate paths sold for the profession that isnt nearly as useful as focusing on certifications and practical experience .
if you were to approach it by the latter method you end up saving tons of money and accelerating your professional growth .
if you focus on getting certified non-bootcamp process over a few years while spending time in the workforce you can within 2 focused years be at professional '' level making 70-100k .
there upper limit over your career depending on your proficiency can be upwards of 200k .
there is no shortage of demand and the skill 's marketability will not go away any time soon .
it will require you continue to learn as the industry evolves but that 's anything really .
address it when kids are young before they develop it further .
omg i remember playing that game on my game cube
its actually the name of an album by the prog rock group genesis .
oh fuck i thought it was gon na be out today lol fk me
constant tiredness is also a sign of depression so maybe even both .
our defense is too good and stanley while still a bit shaky has been looking much more consistent than he ever has
if you want your comment to count toward judgment include only one of the following abbreviations in your comment .
if you do n't include a judgement abbreviation the bot will ignore you when it looks for the top voted comment .
you 're the asshole the other party is not yta
you 're not the a-hole the other party is nta
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
fantastic one of these is only 6 minutes walk from my house .
i 've watched moths reaction about 20 times now .
4700 is nothing i 'm at 10k with no legendaries .
it 's in the html editor section under footer i think .
if you ca n't find it there a google search has easy answers .
best answer i 've seen on this for a long time .
yes it 's about a hope to revitalize the heartland and offer more industry here in the states than abroad through outsourcing .
the bottom half of the american economy feels forgotten particularly if they make too much or have too much pride to apply for food stamps and just want to make enough that they dont need them .
ultimately the american dream achingly breathing and remembered here for everyone to have a home and a job .
this is a translation of a cn site i 'm using right now although i appreciate the effort of translating it
automod the following is a copy of the above post .
this comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
i come from a pretty broken home my dad was a deadbeat who is n't in my life at all .
anyway i run track for my school and i 'm really good at it and so is our team .
well the same school 's head volleyball coach apparently does n't like that too much since it 's taking away attention from the volleyball team maybe funding or just attention from top universities or something i 'm not too sure .
anyway he 's been spreading rumors and stuff about me around school to try and make me quit so our team will disband and eventually i had enough and the principal would n't believe me so i attacked the volleyball coach on a whim and lost self control and then he broke my leg and claimed self defense so he 's completely immune .
our team has disbanded and that asshole got what he wanted and no one believed me and i didnt know what else to do
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
yep marner is great and all but if he 's turned down 11 million for 8 years and want the same aav as matthews it 's just shows you what kind of player marner is .
maybe it 's more towards his agent father who wants more money but it 's not good being associated with the marner camp when the leafs show that they are willing to spend long term for marner .
this is gon na turn out like nylander all over again if he drags this out .
this has been posted a few times already they stopped signing it a few hours ago
then it must be just a decision on the voice actor .
maybe she thought adding that ah sound added an effect to that particular sentence .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/freefolk if you have any questions or concerns .
and yet she could never get him sent out again .
i 'd say he 's the only point guard marcus smart does n't count .
he 's a pg the same way pat bev is a pg .
and kemba is n't really a passing pg either way more known for his scoring .
do you not have a group of people anyone at all you normally hang out with outside of school ?
i mean sure on occasion my friend group hangs out without me but for the most part i 'm usually invited .
it definitely hurts a bit but there 's nothing you can really do about it .
i actually think that part hurts the most but i think if you have at least one person at least someone cares about you for the most part .
not being able to hold baby and stand up was awful ... i literally got stuck sitting because my so fell asleep in the hospital .
did n't want to tell to wake him and wake the baby lol had to wait till a nurse came in .
as for lifting baby if you prepare your entire sitting area say snacks drink bottle if you need it and have something lower like a bassinet or playpen bassinet then you might be okay .
just put baby in bed next to where you plan to sit and if it 's low enough you 'll be able to grab baby on your own and not need to stand up as everything will be ready for you ...
unconventionally i slept in a rocking chair for 6 weeks could n't get up on my own from laying down lol and used a computer chair for my feel .
i would stand from the rocking chair and sit in the computer chair with wheels ... changing mat was on the couch and baby was in a playpen bassinet i was able to just scoot around in my chair and tend to baby .
i sleep under a blanket so i do n't really have to do anything
if christianity is true then the events surrounding jesus just are the most important events in human history
if we look at this from the point of view of god 's plan ...
i think that 's good to try i do n't think that is necessarily possible ultimately while embodied .
it may be the spiritual equivalent of asking an infant to look at the guy in the white coat stabbing him with needles from the mother 's pov .
why pick such an illiterate and poorly documented time and place for his central act of revelation ?
but i can see how it possibly it could from someone else 's pov since it is possible that some if not most people are quite capable of denying with their hearts what they know with their minds .
changing hearts in the sense of growing them spiritually may be harder than we assume it to be .
so god deliberately limited the revelation so that you can set yourself the mental exercise of believing things without evidence ...
i think mental exercises is actually one likley accurate way to describe the possible situation explanation as it results in growth and life in the long term despite the temporary difficulty in the short term .
and in christianity the time scale of a person 's physical life is the short term .
this is quite the silliest bit of the whole religion .
at best this is a cop-out which can be applied to any view .
and methodologically speaking using an argument which could equally well prove the existence of invisible fluffy unicorns on mars is pretty much equivalent to just saying that you 're wrong .
but then again there is a lot more historical evidence that jesus existed and convinced a lot of people of the resurrection than there is that unicorns exist and live on mars .
so that 's not really relevant to the methodology underlying a christian 's beliefs .
i agree there is no physical proof making it most likely jesus rose though .
but admitting as much is not necessarily saying i 'm wrong to believe it happened .
i would n't say the documentation that exists requires everyone to believe in miracles or even god .
which is a problem because christianity rests on historical claims
i 'd say it rests on experiencing jesus through his church .
it has historical roots that can be traced and it involves beliefs about past events yes but so does everything recorded in history .
so that does n't necessarily make historical records it 's basis .
and historical claims can by definition only be demonstrated historically .
not every past event can be demonstrated physically though not even many past events that have surviving writings about them .
at least he did n't lie in the title this time and say it was from the holocaust museum
some guy lost weight eating only twinkies believe it or not !
plz dont try and do this lol edit why are you downvoting me ?
i do n't have time to write a long catch all answer but i am happy to answer any specific questions people have .
i 'm the first employee of a startup which built a fully working aws lambda competitor .
we specifically were providing a higher perf lambda with no cold starts and incredibly low response times .
there is no devops at my company all engineers are expected to architect develop and operate the system .
i 'm very familiar with aws services iaac and obviously containerization .
i 'm specifically well-versed in kubernetes as we actually ended up moving from k8s to our own scheduling/orchestration which obviously was not a small undertaking .
direi che la bigotteria '' non ha colore religioso e si vede su questioni tipo l'omosessualità condannata aspramente praticamente da tutti i cleri '' delle varie religioni ma non dalle religioni stesse .
agreed that 's y i tell everyone in the comments to go by attraction on this instead of relationships
kind of nervous tbh because if it is n't a tumor i 'm at loss at what is causing my symptoms and instead they 'll have to cut the nerve to my ear from my brainstem so i 'll be half deaf for the rest of my life
so from what has been reported the dolphins absolutely do not want to trade him .
minkah wants a trade and they 'll accept one if they 're blown away by an offer .
this mission elevated the game from great to unforgettable .
isnt object quality the one that allows you to see other hunters better
wow bro are you graduated from harvard or something .
great post and agree a td lr with an expert would be great .
if a family is paying 14,000 a yr to anthem
and that changes to 10,000 a yr for health insurance tax
its clear that taxes will go up but out of pocket costs the thing that actually matters will go down .
corporate types know this but they just wan na keep digging for that sound bite .
nope she has a guaranteed place should she choose to stay .
but i guess there 's a good chance to see her do an f3 season in 2020 with her earnings from wseries .
thank you i might be able to start off of this !
would you be able to answer questions about get-itemproperty ?
ive been trying to use this commend to get the hashes of certs in the root directory but when i run for example
not at all then op would be the asshole .
he asked the plane crew if it was ok to move and the crew thought op was right
i thought you could n't get back to the wish wall once you used it that week unless you have a friend obviously .
speaking from experience depending on where you are and who 's car dies it can ruin decades and a family .
yes they are cancel-happy just like regular tv has been for years .
here 's how things ought to work in tv land that would avoid all this horseshit any show that gets greenlit for a season should get a guaranteed two hour or a couple episodes or whatever to wrap things up in the event of cancellation .
since most shows are at least 8 hours or whatever anyway this would n't break their bank .
and they would recoup the cost in higher ratings when viewers like me would actually be willing to give their shows a chance .
i barely have time to watch anything as it is .
i 'm lucky if i get to watch 3 hours of television in a week .
i do n't want to waste my time watching someone that wo n't ever be finished .
aligulac predictions are amazingly accurate as we 've seen .
like the previous day of gsl it was correct down to the exact count of games .
if the predictions are correct the ratings are correct too .
if the ratings are wrong the predictions will also be wrong all the time .
cite a verse in the new testament that says death to apostasy .
lineage 2 m will be multi platform phone pc tablet that got released in korea no eta for western audience .
i 'll just buy another disc copy then it 's probably cheaper to be honest cheers
off topic but in 02 did n't kairi slap the other girl for being sympathetic towards evilangelwomanmon ?
that remains to this day the most stunning place i 've ever been .
i still want to try to get this account back but does that mean other accounts i make will be fine .
yes but i 'm referring to their gameplay and fighting style for instance king groot is still super slow even when ai is aggressive
i recognize that awful looking air exhaustion art piece '' in the middle !
i would add the chronicles of narnia the lion the witch and the wardrobe and the rite to that list .
acronyms initialisms abbreviations contractions and other phrases which expand to something larger that i 've seen in this thread
index r/googlesheets/comments/d3nbln/stub/f04k9lm last usage '' returns the content of a cell specified by row and column offset https support.google.com/docs/answer/3098242
match r/googlesheets/comments/d3nbln/stub/f04k9lm last usage '' returns the relative position of an item in a range that matches a specified value https support.google.com/docs/answer/3093378
n r/googlesheets/comments/d3nbln/stub/f04lo60 last usage '' returns the argument provided as a number https support.google.com/docs/answer/3093357
4 acronyms in this thread the most compressed thread commented on today r/googlesheets/comments/0 has acronyms .
thread 1008 for this sub first seen 13th sep 2019 19:33
tbh if you ca n't afford a sub gw2 is really your only good option
religion is a whole thing you have to actively educate yourself about it if you want to understand it
that 's why there is so much misunderstanding between religious and non-religious people
he spent a lot of time hovering his board hitting pedals right at the loop point .
he must be starting the pre-recorded part at that point ?
then make them legal so that they ca n't be exploited ?
so this is a data center in flint mi .
i was clarifying a little not disagreeing with you .
sounds like you 're making a very good argument for biden 's electability .
do n't care about the downvotes i got it because everyone on reddit said how cool it was but it was a clunky watered down albeit cool art style gta .
as of september 1 which was the 244th day of the year there have been 283 mass shootings in the u.s. according to data from the nonprofit gun violence archive gva which tracks every mass shooting in the country .
the gva defines a mass shooting as any incident in which at least four people were shot excluding the shooter .
283 mass shootings does not pass the sanity test .
even more suspicious is that the study was done by the gva which is a political lobby for promoting gun control .
they 've got a good motive for cooking the numbers .
damn i just tried to join that group to help and also in case i need help and they blocked me !
is it because i have the toronto skyline in my cover photo ?
your friends are gay and want to be happy with each other but one of your friends must die
yeah the monkeys bore me but a lot of gen 5 is just really amazing looking like scolipede golurk eelektross and so on .
you do n't have to give specifics obviously but is your account a newer account or an old one ?
soooo i 'm not alone except for the car .
this is a friendly reminder that we have an official discord link here https discord.gg/pvbncbd in there are instructions on how to join our official minecraft server as well modded java edition no it is n't cracked
come on in to play some mc talk to the mods and just hang out !
this automod response is still under development and any suggestions on whether it should stay go or be reworked/changed would be greatly appreciated .
please let us know your opinion feel free to mention coderdude69 or talk to the other moderators about this
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/minecraftmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i need to reiterate that i 'm not saying this is ok ... just that ... it did n't bother me personally .
and of course girl was dynamite in the sack .
eventually it was her verbal abuse that while again not really hurting me grew tiresome enough to move on .
looks pretty good but you could add a few more details like some delivery vehicles forklifts pallets and boxes scattered about .
to import samples you just hook up the digitakt install the drivers and drop in the files .
overbridge is only necessary if you want to get multitrack outputs to you daw .
overhub is not necessary it 's just a usb hub .
this is a fair point and i think we should recognize that donald trump might be our first middle class president .
if nothing else he understands the lifestyle of the average american because he has lived it .
the trumps are the sort of family who understand taking family vacation once a year if they 're lucky and doing so by greyhound bus or saving up for a used corolla or feeling proud of finally paying off your 2 bedroom 1 bath ranch-style home on an eighth of an acre .
really he understands what it is like to be destitute .
even my poor cousin frank has n't had four bankruptcies and he is broke as a joke .
i 've offered to interview sloth in good faith so we can get some transparency but he wo n't respond to me .
maybe people would trust the mods if they stopped giving themselves awards and telling us how great they are .
well a lot less actually cuz i was n't flush with cash i only had one shoebox full of cash to devote .
did n't matter anyway a stock 66 gto would still blow my doors off .
suzie q you are big jerk that was 30 years ago
i 'll cum on your back if my name is mbc
what in the flocky fleecky fuck is this nokia ?
how 's the weather in year in the past that never existed in ideal fantasy village ?
yes to be most fair to the employee they should reimburse at that rate .
i was just pointing out that they are n't legally obligated and depending on company policy saying someone should be likely getting .58 per mile '' does n't necessarily mean they 're going to .
just wanted to clarify on that point that 's all .
facebook is advertised as a means of connecting friends '' or some shit but at the end of the day facebook is there to make money for mr zuckerberg or whatever his name is .
enemy pokemon crit every other attack it 's crazy not to mention crits are a 2x multiplier and in now it 's 1.5x
people begging for gogeta blue but we need spopovich asap .
maybe it 's them or you have n't found the right person yet
what was the point in changing it from 2 ?
not having items separated into categories is extremely annoying and disorienting hope this gets fixed .
running away from the urges is not a good option in the long run .
running away might not work for example when people are bored and feel depressed and think pmo is the only way .
so it 's better to let the urges come and then conquer it by your method .
y'all could cut into fours then your just getting an idea of what lucy 's like .
i only took like half or less than half a tab my first time and it was just a nice intro to the substance .
edit just save the shit for a better time when u guys could all enjoy it with a trip sitter .
if that is your primary concern you may want to search around for areas heavily populated by hispanics in america for an upcoming move .
florida is pretty stellar except for the summer heat and most cities along the east coast of the state have large hispanic populations .
i am married to a mexican man and we grew up in a heavily hispanic city in the northeast and now live in a suburb of nashville—he has never felt like he 's faced racism or discrimination .
this may be a different scenario if you have only lived in non-diverse towns throughout the country .
i think its honestly random whose list gets it .
im not quite sure myself as ive nvr made the list whenever ive rarely 5-0ed .
maybe its whoever makes it first i honestly couldnt tell you .
however there are often some repeat pilots you find week to week ...
also this is a rare and fringe case but sometimes near big tournaments ppl who are playing unique brews/decklists or simply dont want to publicize the deck theyre practicing will sometimes go 4-0 and concede so their list doesnt get published .
this is rare but occasionally a spicy new deck can fly under the radar
they would also need to change tropius to a different grass in this case since probopass is a 5 point mon .
if people learned how to do math and included hidden costs they would realize postmates is n't a fair or live-able income source .
if that does n't prove it look how many hours you do that are overtime or double time and you are nowhere near .
could be right i calculated an efficiency variance as well based on the volume used vs expected for the actual total units
back in my day an soj was a ring and they were currency .
for anyone wondering yes pc performance is pretty weird and unpredictable no matter what machine you have .
i tracked it a few years ago and it did n't even measure .9 mi .
i do n't really get sucked into games like xc2 but damn i got sucked in and loved every second of it .
u/thekisk thank you for your submission please remember to supply as many details you can .
these include if applicable size origin store and/or geographic location age and any writing on the item .
additional pictures can be added as a comment in this post .
whatever you 've googled/found already should be included to save time and effort .
for everyone else if u/thekisk has provided enough details and is responding this message can be downvoted to get it out of the way .
if they 're not please upvote this so they see they need to provide more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/helpmefind if you have any questions or concerns .
however queen amber is lookin fine on the stream .
when my arthur got diagnosed i kept letting his hair grow out .
i roleplayed it a bit acting as if he just did n't care about trivial things such as shaving his facial hair .
not a fan of grazna raid either for similar reasons .
hackney yard just feels incredibly momentum based and if someone controls the main power buildings you 're fucked and ca n't do anything to reverse the momentum of a match
on top of the tutorial i 'm already signed up for ?
ironically i miswrote and put that word instead of ho .
i was gon na spell how but i misspelled the wodr .
i am on the bernie train and warren is my second choice .
but watch bernie on joe rogan it is certainly worth the watch
the deaths of thousands of nightelves are her fault .
the only way for things to be set right is if she is stripped of her plot armour and defeated and every soldier who supported her is executed .
im so tired of people like you trying to validate the actions of a monster .
i 'd do all my homies at their house .
sanders and warren have been friends and colleagues for years i think or would hope that either one would happily get out of the way if either one ends up the clear nominee .
just want to point out that clinton r nixon 's the shadow of yesterday from 2004 features bonus and penalty dice that work this way ie a normal roll is 4df fate dice a roll with a bonus die is 5df keep the four best a roll with a penalty die is 5df keep the four worst .
i would n't be surprised if other systems used a similar system prior to 2004 .
the concept is the same as advantage/disadvantage in 5e or at least as close as the bol mechanic .
come to think of it i believe vincent baker 's otherkind 2003 also uses a system with a dice pool that can have a bonus die added letting you discard the worst roll .
we are on the west side of town otp and had them flying super low .
guess they 're coming to this side of town too for drills ?
i am just quoting the conclusion portion of the study .
before i was five months pregnant i was a workaholic .
so our best dates are watching movies and going to a burger joint after work .
would it be a good idea to try to have a new experience for a date ?
we are parents now so we do n't have many date nights .
this one offered a pint of beer and a plate of chicken goujons for £5.99 .
ffs to just say that and not give one god damned example ...
skrillex plays lan friday and nectar plays it saturday so i guess they 're going to just swap spots .
nectar usually does a crazy week of back to back shows leading up to a nye event though .
also virtual self plays lan friday night and is doing a porter dj set here at hijinx i guess saturday .
it 's highly doubtful denver sits a guy who averaged 5.4 ypc as a rookie .
if you are in the north east then we are acting stupid !
i 'm calling him papa ty from now on .
my boyfriend just showed me this and i thought it was real ...
do n't like funco pop but these are pretty cool
i base it on entertainment value per dollar spent and compare it to a movie .
a movie costs roughly less than 20 for about 2 hours of entertainment where i 'm from .
so divide that to about less than 10 for about 1 hour .
so multiply that by the duration i play fgo ...
i had this whole argument planned out but i really do n't want to do this i came hear to try and be positive but it 's clear that this place is truly a place on conflict call it what you like but my whole thought was that both on wing is not better than the other .
because if we focus on the more positive things each side has done that will show more than the issue where as each side pointing out every bad thing insues more chaos .
if we could focus on the good of both but certainly take the wrong doings from each side into consideration this would make for a better country .
but your arguement is invalid the same things in history that make the right wing look bad to y'all are almost certainly associated with the things in history that make the left wing look bad to them .
the ones running the show over there are greedy fascist pigs .
the ones running the left side are illogical irrational thinking folk that do n't understand the scope of things .
but like i said before if we could set down our beliefs .
whatever it maybe from anit vax to white people being the superior race if we could just set down whatever we believe and get to know each other maybe you 'd see the other side ai n't as bad as you thought .
this applies to both sides but seeing as you are to heavily built on your beliefs i doubt that will ever be the case .
this is not a defeat i am not for either side .
rather a spectator in all the chaos of politics .
the only solution is to stop taxing rich people .
then you 'll get rid of the poor people flight '' .
there 's not exactly time to redraft your speech live on stage 🤷‍♂️
because it takes two million years to reach and might just be a gas giant .
water is exciting hell yeah but the average person is looking for something more exciting
most central american countries are in the conditions they are now because of the united states invading they 're borders and funding wars
i ca n't even remember the rare places that allow it .
pundit is triggered because castro fucking dunked biden out of the fabric of reality lol
one of the worst ways to break up with someone imo
thats your wifi being shit and the page not being able to load correctly .
i would like to participate in self deletus now or is my mother getting an abortion for me to late
your posts are pretty consistent with the same talking points .
when they went on vacation to mexico hank had a big can of wd40 that he was having difficulty opening so he pulls the pocket sized can of wd40 out from his back pocket and sprays a little bit on the cap of the other can so he can open it .
getting tied down to the bed and my girlfriend fucking me hard with a dildo while i 'm blindfolded and gagged and sleep play
i can get 500 every 10-15 minutes in hvv .
i always say this also manu its the single biggets athlete in our story its way harder to make your name an do all the things he do in basketball here i mean i love messi but when you are good at football you get the spotligth on you since you are like 13 manu made himself being a 57 draft pick in a sport dominated by north americans damn south american bball wasnt even on the map .
if rogue one taught me anything it 's that the time to run has passed by then
well one thing is for certain this is now dmd 's roster .
though people will try to pin this on reese dmd owns this no matter what direction it takes .
we keep going back and forth on this ol bit and i 'm not going to give an inch .
by 2021 the year of competitiveness you keep referring to the ol will be in need of a full rebuild again .
zeitler will have as many years on his body as snee did in his final year and solder will be worse and remmers ai n't making it that far and who knows about halapio .
he built an ol to win now because with his not so good talent assessment skills he identified the 2018-2019 giants as a championship contender .
now it will be the next guy 's problem again .
i finally got out of it and made it to the preorder page and when i signed in it sent me back to the lobby
ty in a tight matchup but i will probably just stick with houser tonight
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
he 's not wrong there were plenty of prospects in the system they were just mostly not very good in retrospect .
spending resources to ‘care ' about one person may prevent you from ‘caring ' about 100 others in a more efficient way .
that 's why spending 100k of shared funding on a medical treatment to save one person may not feasible even though depriving someone of this intuitively feels cruel and uncaring
ah wer erinnert sich nicht an springers hautpwerk kritik der politischen ökonomie ...
war der nicht auch federführend an der aufklärung in europa beteiligt ?
depends on whether the guy is polite does n't it ?
my friend had gotten like 3 hundos but no shiny .
in the wyrd sisters cartoon https youtu.be/hgkp2vvwcdg ? t=495 it was pronounced 'lanker '
do not lewd our nep nep you can have vert or noire she 's loaner anyways .
theres under them over them around them hell even through them if your kyle .
rj we need to reestablish kkk for gamers like these
there 's a mention on hulk 's possible salary requests being an issue .
if that 's what would result in him dropping out of f1 it would make zero sense for him .
he would never get f1-level salary anywhere else so by asking too much he would end up ruining his earnings for the next 2-3 years of his career the time he has left on his f1 career most probably .
i find osx clunky and ugly as all hell .
many of the smaller civilian jets are as fast sometimes faster than commercial airliners .
a g5 is gon na be somewhere in the vicinity of m 0.85-0.90 whereas your average airliner will cruise at 0.76-0.80 .
at any rate a wild guess these two could easily be doing mach .76 .
at around 32,000 feet that 's gon na be 440kias .
that 's a closure rate of over 1,000 mph .
i assume it could work but only for moderately low air pressure your maximum lung capacity is fixed so you ca n't gather more of the low-pressure air to compress it .
and if the air pressure is high enough to do this likely it is high enough for you to survive for a while after all humans can breathe and stay alive at the top of the everest unaided just not for a long time .
it 's because it 's all a show for us .
trump does n't actually affect these rich people in any meaningful way .
if he ever does actually they 'll have a little chat with him and he 'll go back to saying and doing the right thing .
for example do you remember when trump said he 'd close the border ?
that would not be good for the rich people who benefit from cheap illegal labor .
so he probably had a little chat and then promptly never mentioned it again .
bernie sanders is the only candidate that scares all of the establishment .
hi there i got your chat request and would be willing to discuss .
you might want to try adding your own post to the sub so other users are more likely to see it and respond .
if you 'd like to pose specific questions we can either discuss in replies here or you can send a regular dm to my inbox .
a little over a year after working where i do now my director called me into his office one afternoon .
when i arrived i was a bit worried when i saw the director of hr in his office too i started panicking when i was asked to shut the door behind me and have a seat .
however much to my relief it was my company that had been screwing up seems that they had n't been paying me my on call pay since i started .
we get paid 3 hr when we 're not at work for being on call .
i carried the on call pager a lot because some just hated being on call .
i ended up with a 4800 check before taxes .
best of luck to artie and i really hope he makes it .
i say what everyone else is thinking again no you 're just an asshole
the morning just got alot brighter and a hell of a lot more beautiful .
fortunately the developers are n't going to change on a dime just because five people complain they 're gon na look at the data and they 're gon na let things play out and slowly adjust as needed .
this game is great so far i hope they stick to their guns
not working i think its imbossible in my case 😭
which could mean the way those properties are resolved might be in a way you 'd totally not expect .
it 's always better to keep things simple and clear instead of trying to be overly clever .
the pinacoteca is really bizarre and kinda creepy,7/8 years ago my old school made a visitation there and during the whole tour i had a bad feeling some kind of discomfort yknow
how did you survive being the prey of a master predator ?
poor andrew you can tell he is trying to remain calm cool and collected .
then theirs amber loosing her mind rambling on about nonsense .
want to be able to see the green but not scratch it .
it could be if he was unsettled but it could also be that he is n't fully on board with the whole 'not peeing in my crate ' thing .
at 10 weeks ours was holding it for 5 hours so we started letting him wake us .
after a few nights he stopped waking us till 6am and we realised he had started to pee in the crate .
so we went back to potty breaks every 3 hours then one break at 2am and now at 13 weeks he reliably sleeps through from 10.30-6.30 with no more crate accidents .
might be worth a try if he does it again .
i never thought of going in unarmed for the kill ! !
overall theyre the best class in vanilla in terms of viability .
fury is the top melee dps and arguably best overall pve dps .
in the july livestream we showed off an early development version of a fresh new sanctuary zone for the first time .
this feature was met with some confusion as the greater vision for why it was even seeing development was n't made clear to the community .
while it is n't time to reveal all our long-term goals for the zone i can offer some context for its initial implementation .
full disclosure is that you 're going to see new currencies coming to planetside 2 when sanctuary drops and a do-over on alert rewards in their entirety .
that 's where the vendors come in among other things .
a new currencies b undisclosed other things '' c reward restructure side-talk less potentially concerning topic just by itself .
never said they dont have the right to hold it there just that noone in this city wants them here and we all have the right to protest and call them all assholes as they scurry from their limos filled with unwilling women to their hotel rooms bought with russian oligarch money
i have a reserve but when i go to complete it its giving me the option to upgrade early by ending my lease for 160 but only giving me the option to purchase upgrade at full msrp instead of leasing .
new female hairstyle short flared version 2 '' is outrageously shiny
details aforementioned hairstyle has a near-mirror finish material parameter s may have been miss-set
it 's not because she has sympathized with the dead female football fan plenty have done that already but because she used hate-speech against holy figures .
if a progressive ends up getting the nod i think they will try to get a more moderate person to be vp .
hrc should have done that last time though i am not sure if bernie would have chosen to run with her .
honest question why is using getters and setters for database communications a bad idea ?
you can make flying machines on bedrock which is cool as i play on xbox .
i do wish we had 1 tick sticky piston spit too though
i actually have a can of compressed air i 'll give that a go today
mine would n't let me pick any of the apple stores near me .
decided to have it ship and caused the shipping to slip but the way the app reads i 'll get an updated shipping date once the application is approved .
do n't know why it 's being used here though
did the administration make an announcement about this place ?
i have never denied that there is currently a crack-down underway .
what i am pooh-poohing is the idea that thailand has now gone into an irreversible decline it 's time to get out and anyone who denies that is in denial .
that sort of sentiment has been going on for more than forty years probably longer .
the events that provoke that change but the sentiment never does with some .
having said that if anyone feels that thailand is no longer right for them i am not going to stand in their way .
i 'm having animations issues in game and i 'm wondering what this means when i run fnis .
322 animations for 1 mods and 18 creatures successfully included .
why are the first and last lines so different in the amount of animations/mods included ?
are a ton of animations being left out somehow ? ?
the team on the right has the fastest route to the middle
honestly just give him back 1 armor growth instead .
morde is incredibly tanky when his shield is up but otherwise he 's about as solid as wet paper tissues .
other juggs with much better defensive tools illaoi darius nasus aatroxity mundo all have more base armor .
even garen who gets 50 armor and mr for csing has the same base armor as morde .
buffing his shield just makes him even more reliant on cdr as a champion whos 3 core items provide 10 of it .
i do n't know where to find pay protect .
if you 're referring to play protect its working fine .
it is a nice challenge but changing everyday is a bit over the top .
i mean it 's not 100 guaranteed but woj did say he plans to sign a long term extension
games like hoop jones angry birds technokitten nba jam and the like cost a dollar or more to download but they were actually fun and did n't have any ads or micro-transactions .
i 'm not saying they were ever as good as console games but they were at the very least better than the mobile games today .
please go play cod4 just because you 're bad does n't mean changes should be reverted .
you and the shit players like you need to step out of the way of progress
provy saw farabee frosty and rc play and called fletch after
feel bad for the people who found this out the hard way
there 's also a real confidence that the game itself and not just nostalgia is driving the popularity that does n't feel proven .
maybe a certain population would be into it but if you lose that 80 of the playerbase that 's here for nostalgia your financials are real different as a hypothetical developer considering making a hypothetical game with no guarantee of making your money back
should n't they be paying attention in class not building a card house ?
jon a frat learn to juggle wait until one of them punches you in the dick and now it 's a sport .
you can post off topic/jokes/puns as a comment to this automoderator message .
for cmv '' and question for x '' threads parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
if you want to agree with op instead of challenging their view or if the question is not targeted at you post it as an answer to this comment .
op you can choose your own flair according to these guidelines .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/purplepilldebate if you have any questions or concerns .
it could be corrosion is interfering with the battery connection .
if you know how to use a soldering iron pick up a new 9v battery plug they cost about 1 at an electronics part store and replace it .
there are only 2 wires red and black and it 's really a 5 minute job assuming you can get to the solder points and know what you are doing .
zed is statistically better in soloq at high mmr .
i called my gram prime kilogram after i made this https old.reddit.com/r/warframe/comments/9frmi2/i_am_so_sorry
also you might be interested in the mightiest weapon of them all ...
that 's awesome did you follow a guide or something ?
i 'd like to make something similar along my iota full node project
that 's a nice bass 😉 yes i have finally been able to say that
this dad is machine gun let 's talk about it '' .
yeah but i hope elden ring will look better than sekiro tho sekiro is actually beautiful but i think they can obviously do better than that and still keep the same artstyle just need more detail in term of texture .
i hope they can find a way to give their monumental architectures an insane visual without relying on budget just like how shadow of collosus did .
sekiro does't have many massive architecture only basic japanese castle so there 's nothing i can rely on to form my expectation for elden ring right now
dunno if this is really my best compliment but i bragged to a passenger while i was uber driving about how much i work everyday and he said to me damn you 're a machine . ''
and i remember feeling pretty stoked after hearing that .
if he was 6 ' he 'd be quite a stud imo
i 'm planning to use it for another 2-3 years but i 'm not a heavy phone user .
i mostly use phones for social media youtube and music .
games not so much on the heavy side as i have a pc .
do you think 2-3 years on this phone is good ?
i will be messaging you on 2019-09-15 09:59:37 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2019-09-15 2009:59:37 20utc 20to 20local 20time to remind you of this link https np.reddit.com/r/tasker/comments/d3hwhu/project_share_my_commute/f03ssx2
1 others clicked this link https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2ftasker 2fcomments 2fd3hwhu 2fproject_share_my_commute 2ff03ssx2 2f 5d 0a 0aremindme 21 202019-09-15 2009 3a59 3a37 20utc to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
half the fun is running up them to the top i think .
i can see tons of people just camping on the other side
and what 's the aveeno ultra calming gel like ?
i ran through this like 8 times and regardless of who went first both players made horrible miss plays that the other was not smart enough to capitalize on .
you post in more masstagged hate subs than anyone ive ever seen on this website and it 's not even close .
ive never had to scroll down with masstagger before rofl .
due to spam and trolling all posts made by users with fewer than 40 comment karma will have to be approved manually by a moderator .
this is usually done withing a few minutes but could take up to an hour .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/borderlands3 if you have any questions or concerns .
with a double check system which was already there back in 2013 you ca n't purchase things by mistake .
and rather than farming and buying other you decided to go the easy way to get a refund .
with that mentality they can give you 10 more refund it 'll still not be enough .
this means that either you spend time to get what you want or you use money to make things easier .
if they are too kind the all system can fall .
we 'd field strip the mre 's down to the inner containers and shove those in our cargo pockets so we could eat while road marching .
cuts back on the trash significantly and just makes it easier to grab a nosh while on the move .
literally the exact same argument could be made for the uk government
i understand that progress is being made he said of the attempt to secure changes to the so-called backstop insurance policy to prevent a hard border on the island of ireland .
and as we come to that brexit deadline i am encouraged by the progress we are making .
in the last few weeks the chances of a deal have been rising i believe for three reasons .
they can see that we have a clear vision for our future relationship with the eu something that has perhaps not always been the case .
but i personally am not going to take boris or gove at their word nor am i going to take sassoli at his word .
i think it 's inconsiderate for her to keep you on the phone so long .
if i did that which i could t because i hate talking on the phone my boyfriend would tell me he does n't feel like talking so long and it would n't be a big deal .
she needs to listen to your concerns as much as you listen to hers
do n't take me wrong but i know that i just needed to know where the alien vs predator movies stick between the predator ones .
a lot of people who havne't studied their religion in depth have a lot of misunderstandings .
all unjust systems require a scapegoat cultural marxisms is straight white men .
i guarantee you that as the climate goes to sh the same people that deny climate change today will be blaming scientists for making projections that were too conservative .
they will pretend they were warning us all along and this is the scientists fault .
this will be helped by the fact that unlike climate change/climate risk deniers these scientist are honorable doing the best they can .
when confronted with abrupt climate change and their conservative predictions they will not squiggle out with lies like the deniers would they would actually tell the truth .
the deniers will take full advantage of this when the time to pay for climate change comes .
after you set it initially is there any way to set it back and compare ?
ls aka losing shinshin '' is a well know doctor in lck that is widely known for diagnosing the first known case of hashinshin '' in tangent with a well-known internet personality iwilldemote '' .
he is specifically known for his angry op.gg reviews whenever he loses patients to 'riven buffs ' or 'placebo nerfs ' .
reminds me of dragon quest xi for some reason tho
using 'logic ' instead of data is making up garbage .
after months of being a regular here i 've never seen you cite actual numbers .
i 'm gon na start an anime youtube channel where i 'll do video essays and reviews about shows that interest me
yeah that 's why i asked my teacher if a word was missing and she said no xd english is weird
just build a chemical plant for every foundry arcology and you 're good .
except jackson is the kaela in that situation the one with the strategic game and the most comp wins and holly is the derek the one who could also win a few comps but would be dead in the water without their showmance keeping them afloat .
you make it sound like it 's a car they 're stealing .
this comparison gets posted on here at least once a month .
prolly for acc/res rng though for the last type of team there is no real threat so you can also run jeanne tetra 1 bruiser-ish monster or just some destroy runes..
step one do n't pinch his nose shut when you kiss
rough riding down to cuba like what 's up bitches !
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
yeah gets on my nerves when people say a character that was created in a manga that later had an anime is an anime character
why could n't he just point at his mouth ?
to understand the debate properly though we need to recognise how artificial our racial categories are to begin with .
i wish all the nazis on this subreddit understood this point .
in addition if you are in a non-english locale the calendar may be named differently in dutch its agenda .
this all depends on what he user has set as their locale which can be a horrible mix if you do n't manage that .
i have the master set with all rev holos lol .
ill look what i have extra gove me a sec
this post violates rule 7 there is no interpersonal conflict here for our community to make a judgment about .
aita posts should not be about feelings or opinions .
aita posts should be about specific conflicts you have had with other people .
please be sure to read any sub 's rules before reposting this elsewhere .
we can not direct you to another subreddit we can only say that this post does not belong here .
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole subject=/r/amitheasshole message=please+link+to+post+or+comment+for+context we can not review+without+this+info 0d 0ddescribe+your+question+in+detail if you have any questions or concerns that are not already answered in our faq https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq .
do not repost this without contacting the mods for approval .
if you make changes or edits to this post do not repost it here without our express permission .
i have no particular dislike for mibr i 'm just slightly tired of the cycle of hype with mibr that has now been going on for almost two years .
ever since boltz fell off every roster change they made was supposed to be the one '' and none were .
considering they just lost their hard carry i 'm more than a little dubious that this will somehow propel them to the promised land .
when is the last time mibr was even relevant ?
they are n't even a dark horse anymore more like one ready to be taken out back .
he has produced 10-3 seasons every year except for when they had the qb fiasco .
can you really expect much more than that in the b1g east ?
this is the same misleading statistic that is always raised when people point out that the patriots benefit from playing in a terrible division .
the statistic is the patriots record against the afc east rivals but the original claim was not that the patriots benefit from a weak division because they easily beat their divisional rivals .
the original claim was that the patriots benefit from the fact that the rest of the afc east teams suck and consistently fail to challenge the patriots for the best record in the division .
therefore the real statistic we need is the win percentage of the jets bills and dolphins .
that statistic reveals that the jets bills and dolphins win percentages place them all in the bottom 12 teams in the league .
so rough statistic would be throughout the entirety of the brady/belichick years all three of their division rivals consistently lumped in the bottom third of all teams and not one ever developed a franchise qb to compete against brady.
that combined with the consistently elite defenses is another feather in the cap of my brady is overrated argument .
some topics are better suited elsewhere with more care please view our wiki for better suited subs and our reasoning behind them » https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/rules/banned
statements on a crush ex significant other date or relationship and dating advice — try r/relationship_advice r/teenagers r/dating_advice r/relationships
if you have any questions we ask that you message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/casualconversation subject=my submission was removed message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission 28https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/comments/d3hrzw 29⇢ directly for appeals .
rules https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/rules etiquette https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/w/etiquette prohibited posts https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/rules/banned subreddit directory https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/directory support https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/support message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcasualconversation
we are british when the waiter comes and asks if everything is okay you just sort of go mhhh even if it 's shit
kicking myself for taking him over cmc in my full ppr league especially knowing how bad the giants would be this year .
got ta watch out for that old man strength .
it 's going to take more than that to improve this season .
there are a lot of holes on this team .
tokoin is attracts the growing interest of the global audience and investors !
the company has very ambitious plans to conquer the market !
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
they usually do that because it makes sense to dissociate themselves from white supremacists .
there is no white culture it is canadian culture .
so then china and the un will point out what israel is doing and congress will look like hypocrites .
yes that and our propensity to eat certain kinds of cake for breakfast and pretending like those kinds of cakes are n't really cakes are amongst our great national sins .
the salty liquorice on the other hand is glorious .
ah is only comparable at the same voltage ... an iphone battery is a single 3.7v lion cell1900mah .
dewalt 4000mah battery is 10 2000mah 18650 batteries in 5s2p connection .
i get the meme but quite cool '' does n't even begin to describe it .
i think there 's some dust over that matte look at the back window .
i 'd say a big piece of spider wood that extends to the top or near it combined with a load of tall plants .
side note though you meant bala shark and was very scared for a second
been there 5 years and yea that 's basically how it is
because he just wanted a girl so bad . ''
imagine being the kid that grows up being told you were not what we really wanted '' .
he already is lethal this kills me every time .
ugh srs moment here but this makes me miss my grandma who would listen to me talk about makeup for hours
what the general public does n't know is that the reason it 's deemed adult content is because the people who make the rules are children and ca n't be bothered with all the boring real politics adults have to face !
feel like we 'll hear it eventually even if it 's way down the line
let us ignore nothing and therefore not be ignorant .
highlighted in yellow here https imgur.com/czqpbmq on page 67 shows that domestic hiv/aids prevention and research decreased twice since trump took office in 2018 and 2019 .
the first year by 3.5m and the second year by 35m bringing the total amount defunded to 38.5m .
this line item is part of much larger budget where all kinds of research happens .
when you reference page cdc page 23 you are misquoting the name of the department that reads hiv/aids viral hepatitis sexually transmitted infections and tuberculosis .
this department as a whole received an increase in funding but you refer to this simply as hiv in your post .
you have quoted the number highlighted in yellow which is clearly at the top of a column of many important aspects of hiv/aids treatment and prevention .
the number you quoted is a 2m increase into emergency relief part a .
yet in the same list is the elimination of aids education and training centers for 33m and the special projects of national significance is 25m .
you are pointing to meager offsets as budget increases on table where it is clear to see otherwise .
i do not want to ignore trump 's supposed plan to eradicate hiv advised as he is by vice president mike pence and other republican luminaries .
while governor of indiana mike pence enabled an hiv outbreak that was predicted and preventable .
https www.hivplusmag.com/treatment/2019/9/03/hiv-outbreak-tied-opioid-epidemic-west-virginia another republilcan governor rick scott has created a spike in hiv infections in florida .
https floridapolitics.com/archives/305551-investigation-reveals-rick-scott-administration-rejected-federal-grants-for-hiv-aids-prevention there is everything to suggest that this dismantling of hiv/aids research and care will lead to a spike of infections and deaths .
ignoring this would be literally dangerous to my health as an lgbt person .
the effects are n't just on tables but are ricocheting off the lives of people in my community .
i 'm all for them chatting to jimbo and getting a divorce and living chastely .
i 'd expect lots since he 's so welcoming right ?
funhaus alone pulls more views than achievement hunter or let 's play but less than both combined roughly twice the average subscriber growth rate and a few more ad reads per month than ah .
also cpd was targeting the gang leaders with long prison sentences .
this depressingly real bbc documentary shows how fractured the gangs are now and how that is part of the problem .
it has nothing to do with lack of affordable housing what a joke they all have housing .
our high school had 80 with 10 days missed .
they do n't think twice about taking their kid shopping on a school day
i just dislike it when users spam the same post on different subs .
if you go to this guy 's profile he does it constantly five times for this article alone .
it 's just karma farming and the most irritating kind .
i was planning on another visit in october but my best friend has her engagement party scheduled that day so i ca n't miss it hopefully i can make it back to detroit soon !
i got pregnant and about 6 months into my pregnancy he cheated again .
i stayed because i was scared of being a single mom .
it has been over 2 years and i finally decided to leave because my daughter deserved a happy mother .
i am finally free to work on my own issues about why i hate being alone and i have never been happier .
trust me you and your daughter both will be happier in the long run if you do n't get back together with her dad .
no little girl deserves to grow up thinking that is the normal in a relationship .
that is another reason i stayed is because i watched my stepdad cheat on my mom and treat her like shit .
i do n't want my daughter thinking that a man to treating her like she does n't matter is okay .
do what is best for you and your daughter but do n't teach her something like that .
we 're you fired fired '' or get off site and we will pay out your notice period fired '' ?
to be fair after the doctor testified that the baby was most likely stillborn i do n't see how you could convict her .
i would say i have a reasonable doubt and that 's all it takes .
from his spot on his thumb perch he looks like a gargoyle !
a direct knock off of the netflix movie with sandra bullock that was a sideway knockoff of a quiet place .
on a streaming service i do n't have and will likely never have .
cover upholstered furniture with tapestries/blankets that you can wash every week .
put baking soda on any rugs let sit for 20 min or so and then thoroughly vacuum once a week .
if you have any shoes that have gotten soggy put baking soda in them and let them sit .
replace any that are old and have gotten sweaty/wet and stayed soggy for a while .
i had a partner that i used to say smelled like sour milk whenever they sweated hard .
turns out they were allergic to milk it stopped immediately after they cut out dairy .
try cutting out dairy for a week or two and see if anything changes .
try cutting out coffee my armpits smell super acidic when i drink coffee more often than a couple times a week .
try cutting sugar and things made with yeast these things can cause yeast overgrowth .
you can basically get a yeast infection anywhere on your body .
if your skin seems overly dry or oily especially .
if you have a funk from one of the things i suggested here then it 'll linger in your house .
scrub the fuck outta your skin once a week .
not only does it feel amazing but it 's really good for your skin too .
even when i 'm really depressed i still take a long bath once a week and scrub everything hard af .
if you do n't like taking baths just take a long hot shower and then scrub .
i use exfoliating gloves for my body throw in the laundry after every session they 'll get nasty if you 're doing it right a pumice for my feet and a loofa for my neck/face .
also maybe go to the doctor and ask them ?
you might be a heavy sweater or on a med that makes you hella sweaty .
if they try and blow you off like it 's not a big deal make them believe it 's a big deal .
i drew her blood personally and it was actually translucent like red kool aid or fruit punch .
at first glance i thought they were cowboy boots .
it is because of your jewish half that you are not understanding it .
ghar wapsi and you will start seeing the beauty of full sanskari sangh logic .
there 's at least 3 entrances at the southside of the building .
so chris godwin is wr1 over evans at this point right ?
two weeks in a row of getting more targets and points
yeah and since the oath of redemption takes you to a diplomacy first '' playing style this gives more chances for nice roleplay a thing that i like a lot too .
and if the bad guy wants war so bad ...
slap his/her face with all you got rebuke the violent counterspell hold person and remember you are a paladín so smite hard !
obviously what this guy said makes sense but there 's so many different flyefits now some in the city centre some in residential areas so it 's going to be different for each one .
for what it 's worth i 've tried them all around the city centre and macken steet was by far my favorite .
nice open layout never got extremely busy and had plenty of equipment .
i found george 's street to be the busiest .
portobello has a nice crowd but the building is n't suitable as a gym it 's all over the place .
tbh i do n't see the point in owning a super/hypercar for the roads .
just buy a german v8 luxury car c63 amg drool if you 're going to be travelling a lot and have a track day beast like a supercharged ariel atom or something..
anyone know where one could learn how to play this song ?
that they just had nuclear launch codes and hillary 's emails
not a biggie but every now and then i like to dress up all classy like go somewhere nice and have dressed-all-classy sex on the way home .
she 's smoking hot but never wears flattering clothes except under duress .
also we have very different hearing and temperature sensitivity which is annoying .
saw that still not sure who trump is suppose to have killed though .
i do n't care because i 'm not a u.s. citizen .
i think most americans are dumb and ignorant of a lot of things .
and neglecting climate change in favor of personal gain .
i actually hope it blows and takes a lot of humans out .
hopefully the earth will cool a bit because of it .
the prophecy foretold of the 'legendary paved road black skinned warrior '
my group were late to that set and we were only approaching the first few delay stacks by the time the transition began .
so i remember watching trey peak over and over again 10 choruses like i said on the video screens .
i remember thinking i never really thought about them playing blues that much but duh of course they would kill it ! !
i got goose bumps and was so gay for him and the band in that exact moment .
it was like your team winning the world series or super bowl after sucking for 20 years .
i still have kodak prints of pictures i took of his guitar on the video screen in my soul bending blues licks as high as he could go on his 24 frets .
palace of the dead spam the highest available dungeon levequests fates do your challenge log or hunting log completing entries in there gives you quite a lot of extra xp on lower levels .
people that get mad at point down are hilarious .
90 of players that use that gesture are just meming around for fun trying to get a reaction ... and most of the time you guys give them exactly what they want xd
i ' m personally not an anime fan but not everyone who watches it is a virgin living in their moms basement
i was worried about scratching in the beginning so i bought a case for it but water definitely got in the way and i could n't use the screen .
bumped into a few things even the edge/corners of the counters and it 's still good .
jlo green lantern and hawkman for me some interesting trades but none i would pay full price for except maybe the steve englehart batman hc .
he did only bring up promises he can keep .
have you heard of the curse that all but 2 houseguests leave the house within the season before the jury votes every year ?
if this is standard for all of this managers trades it 's not collusion
someone who gets a vasectomy should consider it permanent .
be careful if any vietnamese girl tells you she 's 18
you just lounging around the house like that looking incredible .
then cuddling up feeling those tits and belly and making out while i finger you and you jack me off .
had to go back through and reset my skins frames trackers as well as my weapon skins for each legend .
i feel the entire world is is going down the pan with this attitude ... . people thinking they are right when they are clearly not ... ...
men 's primary biological function if we apply the theory of evolution is to spread their seed amongst as many women as possible to pass on their genes survival of the fittest .
i have n't done much research into this but i believe that in the small window that homosapiens have inhabited the earth most cultures tribes a collective and civilisations engaged in polyamory and in fact monogamy is relative to the history of our species actually a recent socially and morally progressive accepted way that we should behave .
in tribes children were brought up by the community not two parents .
they were seen as one unit as opposed to different individuals in the specific relationships .
the field of anthropology is the best introduction to find out more about polygamy and second would be sociology .
we are inherently social creatures and it would be a total dismissal of a large portion of our history if we forget that many places in the world practiced polyamorous behaviour because in its entirety it makes sense .
it was seen as normal accepted and even necessary .
it 's ignorant to not acknowledge particularly mens carnal desires that derive from their biological hard-wired state of being .
edit upon a very brief search i found that polygamy was habitual across the world .
it was widely accepted in the americas west africa polynesia india ancient greece sub saharan africa and even sources indicate classical china .
it 's an old practice that must have had a purpose .
since it was a form of collective copulating amongst both civilised socities and barbarian ones what does this tell you ?
you can come up with your own conclusion s .
i 'm still confused about whether she do n't lie or she do n't like cocaine .
cute that you think that triggers me while you go off pointing your fingers at guns and not the bad people who use them .
i was chugging water all throughout hope i made ya proud b
situational awareness is all im asking you get it tho
my mum would sew us all myself and 3 brothers new robes to wear christmas morning last year she made one for my step daughter to keep the tradition going .
also blueberry syrup we only had it christmas morning with waffles because it was so expensive .
i 'd wait all year round for those waffles .
i 'm going to say no thanks on these styles .
i 'm not sure why she should show remorse ?
you offered her a ticket you already had bought .
she said she she could probably make it if she did n't have work stuff .
this was shot a canon 7d at 1.8 aperture shutter speed 1/250 iso 800 .
it was shot indoors the sun was shining through the blinds and i captured only the light hitting her skin since everything else around us was dark .
i would like to know what someone else would have done with this picture if they had shot it as far as aperture iso and retouching in photoshop .
ugh this annoys me to no end considering my store has a jcp literally next door 💀
how to use a knife to cut food for cooking
seen a lot of people almost lose fingers because they just do n't know how to chop onions .
you make it sound like the whole thing was planned .
according to the article it was not planned before the awards .
it was planned on during that event ... it was planned in the sense of helping ...
i walk behind the stage – and sure enough there is beyoncé and her dad and she is crying .
she was like 'i did n't know this was going to happen i feel so bad for her ' he said .
and that 's when it started to click in my head and maybe hers about potentially having the whole arc play out in that one night . ''
there was a buddhist munk who took a good deal of psychedelics and afterwards said to the reporter who gave it to him that it 's basically the right mental state just one of the lesser enlightenments
what i meant by that was that most of the guys i know who are single for a long time usually just like to fuck around and do n't ever want a relationship .
i 'm with you i read that as a perfectly innocent question trying to get to the bottom of this .
probably that he 's been through some rough shit .
sometimes it 's hard to really be into anybody if you 've been through some stuff .
is it worth buying when i get the money ?
then every other pansexual is a fraud and you 're the only true pansexual
considering how i play both at the same time ?
nah ... it 's just a matter of managing a harem across two dimensions it 's a little tricky but i make it work .
besides if we 're really going to pop the unfaithful question should n't you be asking that once you put a ring on a second doll ?
when you think of orgless you think of ks and cryn right now even though he is the most consistent player on that team
i think the world will become inhospitable to land-based life in about 300 million years and that the oceans will boil in about 1 billion years because science observes this .
so maybe humans should consider value beyond humanity itself .
because human life on earth is clearly doomed so it better figure out a way to stop being humans on earth if it values something beyond being humans on earth .
ah yes idiotic conjecture that is basically a shitty conspiracy theory .
i won a bunch of times now i consider those days blunder years .
i have n't had a soda pop in years nothing but liquid candy .
we 've needed a new st for a decade if not longer .
diagnosed with cerebellular hypoplasia causing motor skill issues like cerebral palsy in humans
there 's an old saying ... a falling knife has no handle
this is why the sub generally does n't like deepika ranveer fans .
literally only one person compared them to dp rs and the rest are all just being happy for them and not throwing shade at anybody else .
but no you have to go on a rant and make it about dp rs anyway .
they get enough love on insta twitter there 's no need to expect this sub to do the same .
the gamer was from ohio but the victim was from kansas ...
people like to pretend they 're as bad as like some of the worst fox films like origins last stand of fan4stic but they really are n't .
it 's a fact they are hated on too much just cause people want an excuse to shit on sony .
sony ruined the tasm franchise but lets not forget there was a lot of great things about those movies too
oscillations of the baseline of solar magnetic field and solar irradiance on a millennial timescale https www.nature.com/articles/s41598-019-45584-3 recently discovered long-term oscillations of the solar background magnetic field associated with double dynamo waves generated in inner and outer layers of the sun indicate that the solar activity is heading in the next three decades 2019–2055 to a modern grand minimum similar to maunder one .
irregular heartbeat of the sun driven by double dynamo https www.reddit.com/r/physics_awt/comments/3coes5/irregular_heartbeat_of_the_sun_driven_by_double
corrected sunspot history suggests climate change not due to natural solar trends https www.reddit.com/r/physics_awt/comments/3g7v25/corrected_sunspot_history_suggests_climate_change
researchers suggest a link between the solar cycle and the tidal effects of venus the earth and jupiter https www.reddit.com/r/physics_awt/comments/55yqo3/researchers_suggest_a_link_between_the_solar
a regular alignment of the planets makes a strong enough tug to regulate the sun 's 11 and 22-year cycles .
a deterministic model for forecasting long-term solar activity https www.reddit.com/r/physics_awt/comments/98mf8y/a_deterministic_model_for_forecasting_longterm
they 're good for 2-3 day hikes but anything longer and you 're better off carrying dry foods and cooking them at camp .
indonesia has been trying to promote an actual zero-preservative '' line of ready to eat shelf stable foods by using a gamma irradiator .
i 'm not going to..but i could quit my job what 's a good converter ?
i chop these up in place of using relish .
you 're the only one who 's talking about satan here .
you have also seemingly missed the point christianity believes that all people believers or not will encounter god face-to-face .
there is no other option a final place where god is not '' .
it is our receptivity to this divine glory that defines whether we experience the kingdom of god '' heaven or the gehenna '' hell and the church prepares us for this final encounter with god here and now by making us used to it through the fire of the holy spirit .
the gospel of john and the first epistle of john make use of the imagery of light and darkness a lot because of this .
those who remain in darkness will be blinded when the light will replace it completely and suddenly .
those who come to the light now will be purified and prepared for it .
the sort of universalism taught by st gregory of nyssa and st isaac the syrian is simply that even those who will be blinded by this light will be purified by it .
half time adverts am i allowed to reply now ?
you still hitting the private server players button to much .
long before private servers there was a game called world of warcraft that many people played .
people that are also experts in the game and did all content over and over .
somehow people think private server players are better players than the rest and so they are the guideline for whats to come ... etc
are someone trying to tell me that folks started in classic got lvl 60 and got mc and ony in the first week have lifes jobs besides the ones payed to play ?
me and other millions also played this game and its impossible you would play like this and have a life '' .
well i was just making sure because last year 's posts came out on the 14th .
it does n't and i did that 3 times as well as a deleting the data after clearing the cache .
i feel like you just pulled that from a forgotten memory .
i remember thinking i could eat more and gorged myself on their pasta .
it 's amazing how quickly maher has gone from supporting bernie 4 years ago to just sounding like every other establishment pundit .
sadly i imagine this will sell quite well and probably have a noticeable effect for boris
would love to see more of things like this 😍
if this is not suspiciously specific downvote this comment !
those non-stick coated pans are a scam no matter how expensive they are .
just get a plain aluminum food service grade pan and season it with oil wipe with salt .
i think i always enjoyed swimming and biking but it took me a while to really like running .
it took me a while to really like weights too .
i get endorphins even when i do low intensity stuff
yep brilliant blend of difficulty exciting guns and humor .
i get the pros but as you stated yourself it 's probably not something i should do on my own .
if i had to rephrase the question what would i need to know to manage a web app and a be service with docker ?
that fight between soi fon and barragan is one of my favorite fights to this day .
perfect combination of crazy dope shit high stakes and a solid helping of character development .
barragan 's arrogante really did seem unbeatable for a while there .
teams do n't have to pay you but most nba teams do out of respect
i respect your opinion in my opinion rico looks a lot better now as well as piper and i agree with you on bo he does n't really give me that native american vibe anymore although his attack animations look amazing
i think the idea may come from people feeling that their pets are members of their family .
the my pet is my fur baby '' sort of sentiment .
i would view my deceased pets more like house or familial wights that provide protection .
most of the people i work with who are h1bs come to the us on an f1 visa .
they already have a bachelor 's degree from their home country most of them have minimal or no work experience and they enroll in a master 's degree program in the us .
once they finish their masters here in the us they do 2 years of opt then they submit for their h1b .
everyone i know who went for the h1b last year was selected .
it 's plenty of backgrounds that hide or involve notch
i 'm on xbox and i had the same problem i had to go out of the game to the microsoft store and buy it from there
i took the plunge for science and yes i still get my preorder bonuses
i have no idea how he got a career on tv .
just visiting or taking in the local nightlife are both accurate and non-embarrassing .
yeah i know that but people only see the good side of things rather then the hard work it takes to raise them
i hate that you 're feeling pain like this .
i do n't want to say it but sub mane off he looked injure in the last 2min ish
i could 've told everyone that it was offsides and i could 've done it in 10 seconds .
from what i heard is that hh will reset your game
he did n't want to use it till pucci made him to
i want you to think about what you 've done objectively .
you told an entire class of students that it 's pointless to engage with school because it does n't help .
you told children that it 's okay not to try in school because the institution is bad .
you told easily influenced students to disrespect their teachers and disregard their teaching .
if you hated the school so much why go back ?
to rub it in everyone 's faces that 's you 're rich and successful now despite them ?
social democrats are on the left and do n't want to destroy capitalism
there is actually a technique where you inject strings of fat into very lean meat to enhance the flavor .
it 's important that the fat is throughout the meat so that it adds flavor and juiciness everywhere .
if you were to just cook it in lard you crisp the outside but do n't add anything to the inside of the meat where it 's needed .
i do n't think this is a walmart market .
there 's most likely the walmart store right behind this building .
walmart ended their contract with murphy 's usa now all new walmart 's that have gas stations will be walmart branded .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
yes hope that klopp does n't sub him off so he can continue getting minutes .
i 'd never heard of her but that video was beautiful and i 'm so sad for her and her family .
sure all you need to do is punch attorney '' into google and grab the first result .
if you want your comment to count toward judgment include only one of the following abbreviations in your comment .
if you do n't include a judgement abbreviation the bot will ignore you when it looks for the top voted comment .
you 're the asshole the other party is not yta
you 're not the a-hole the other party is nta
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
when those people are in the saudi government do humanity a favor and assume the worst .
this fat cunt was out there defending his royal cuntness mbs when he murdered jamal khashoggi for having an opinion .
these are the villains of our world and they do n't deserve the benefit of the doubt .
the kid at the back for them looked terrified every time robbo ran at him
the us is nowhere near the top of most ethnically diverse countries .
the idea that the us is somehow unique because everyone comes from diasporic communities '' is self-congratulatory bullshit and with so much garbage sas exceptionalism not based on reality .
i believe they 're also still working on one or two buildings at the leidse schans .
remove biotin pair of leaves on the left one and then you stick the bottom of the stems in soil and they 'll root and grow
i guess roasted would be best but i do n't like them no matter how they 're prepared .
they 're one of those foods that give off a perfumy aroma that hits your palate before you even get it in your mouth and it 's not at all appetizing at least not to me .
your submission appears to break our rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and has therefore been removed .
important please read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety before messaging the moderators .
enquiries which have already been answered by these pages will not receive a response .
please also do a google search http www.google.com for your thought to ensure that it is both original and unique .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
i think they just do crab shit a pastime for which it is impossible to be late to .
what is the point of injectable orals like dbol sdrol etc ?
all i can seem to find is increased bioavailability making the dose used more effective than oral use and supposedly less hepatotoxicity .
this part seems very dubious to me you 're still ingesting a hepatoxic drug .
i swear to god in person he looks like ... paul rudd .
although the intent behind this mua 's post was tone def there 's no denying she actually did a beautiful job on the make up .
i literally did this on purpose with teq vb just to stack his stats
similarly a lot of people working in ni have their income tax paid via whichever usually english tax offices where their employers head office is based .
he 's using the meatball strategy playing horribly enough to get dragged to the end and praying for a bitter jury .
uhh ... yeah this does n't sound healthy at all .
sounds like a very unstable individual with extremely low self-esteem ... neither of which are anything to do with being an infp .
aside from his desing he is an interesting contrast to the other main jojo 's crew .
you 're 20 years old and pay rent ... grounded ... the fuck out of here..
it 's a little quieter than i would like but i live in the city so..
e válido notar que oficialmente a educação básica não é responsabilidade do governo federal e sim dos municípios educação infantil e ensino fundamental e do estado ensino médio .
porém o governo federal deve complementar a verba de educação nos estados e municípios que não conseguem arrecadar o gasto mínimo por estudante .
you have three videos total on your channel and you do n't upload regularly .
if this is all you can manage to do before considering to give up youtube '' then yeah .
please only request replays or leave other comments by replying to this comment
to see all replays click here https www.reddit.com/r/motorsportsreplays/comments/d43aeg/request_goodwood_revival ? depth=1
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/motorsportsreplays if you have any questions or concerns .
just to be clear by luxury i do n't mean rich people purchases .
also the vat is just the largest way that it 's paid for .
there is also a carbon fee and dividend internet data as your property right that you can take away from companies but it is also taxinf the company when used and helps pay for the dividend .
taxes on top earners and polluters removing the social security cap implementing a financial transaction tax ending favorable treatment for capital gains/carried interest .
then you have the savings people with more money will spend it in their communities which will help drive the economy even further .
there would be less people on welfare due to being in a different income bracket as well as people have to opt out of stuff like snap tanf and wic while keeping the more significant non-means tested assistance so even less taxes on welfare .
there would be less people committing crimes due to less economic stress less imprisonment he wants to free all federal non-violent marijuana imprisonment as well as decriminalize opioids so people can get help with getting put in jail .
there would be less emergency medical calls due to people having money to take care of themselves and there would be less homelessness .
we are all in the shower on this blessed day .
i wish the regime fliped once more so this stupid proxy war would end .
i think the citizens of both nations have had enough of this shit .
‘quite an atmosphere here ' bro i 'm falling asleep
we did n't find out with my first and when people asked me what we were having i always said i 'm hoping for a dinosaur
please let we mention some important information probably you know it .
please remember to add a flair to your post .
due to the extremely increasing amount of spam/scam on the sub as posts comments in pm and via googleads on reddit we have to warn everyone about it .
unfortunately such offers imply low-quality service and actually they are .
such scammers were banned and there was some feedback on their work .
one can find trusted professionals on the wiki there is such a list .
we wish you get support from the sub in many ways including reading it top posts wiki and searching .
there were many answered questions here please feel free to check that .
besides this subreddit is better looking in the old reddit design on the desktop in the browser with adblockers firefox/palemoon with ublock origin umatrix https old.reddit.com/r/resumes
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/resumes if you have any questions or concerns .
yet today so many would willingly vote for parties that agree with the very people who caged our fellow men and exterminated them piecemeal .
no party with elected representation out there agree with this in europe .
this small amount of info allowed me to finish my reverse proxy project i was pulling my hair out over for multiple days .
you can drink black cohosh tea but i did purchase pills which are the powdered root .
i do n't remember what brand i had but this is the first organic supply i found with a quick search https oregonswildharvest.com/products/black-cohosh https oregonswildharvest.com/products/black-cohosh
it 's marketed for menopausal women it 's working on estrogen imbalances .
man really wish there were more soccer picks today .
all of europe 's big boys are playing across all the major leagues .
damn you seen what the weedkiller is doing to the mice 'round these parts ?
let the holy bible of javascript protect you from such disgrace of php .
i see no body ... actually i see no signs of an attempt at murder are we just dummy dumbs ?
pound for pound your head is the lightest thing on your body
booze is cheap as fuck and should really be more expensive .
op is definitely a random old man looking for a hooker that 's cheaper than his regular .
ca n't tell if this is a blow jog joke
for me i saw no change other than longer load times .
dude ca n't you have taken the screenshot in litteraly any other second of the video sorry mate this is an australian upvote
i dont hate trump but his israel policy sucks because israel sucks
okay i 'll revise it sometime later to both broken chains and more visible palm leaves
please select the verification to match what you want to show note that if you do n't verify it now you ca n't show it later
body you won't be able to show your top lip or above or identifying marks such as tattoos/scars
tattoo you will be able to post body images including optionally tattoos shown in your verification
face you will be allowed to post as much of your face as you show in your verification pic
if we do n't see it in the v pic you ca n't show it later
couple we 're happy if you want to share but we need the lady to show she 's ok with that .
vip add '*d43ae9 ' to the same card using the same pen scrunch it up flatten it out and show that in your second pic ... within 5 minutes .
comment in this thread and include a link to a single image with the verification type in the link e.g .
show your verification card with your username and r/tributeme ''
be of only you and be clearly you holding the card no disembodied hands from outside of frame
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tributeme if you have any questions or concerns .
it was so surprising that it sucked so much after all the hype building it up that i never forgot the disappointment of it .
the real karma repost winner is going to circle the happy face with red marker and go straight to the front page .
brb playing ram ranch 64 the super mario 64 rom hack .
then it falls on you to provide proof otherwise all you are doing is pissing into the wind .
it would be easy to get worked up over some of the calls but fact is our attack is just shit .
that 's why we lost we lack any shape and look incredibly clunky .
at the end of the day to win the premiership you have to beat the roosters we 'll just have to do it a week earlier .
because f the police comin ' straight from the underground
planning better helps you be less worse off than the other side but you 'd still get destroyed .
few people would consider it a win if you manage to completely wipe out the other side at the cost of only having a few survivors scavenging the radioactive wasteland from their mineshafts .
80 seems steep if it 's just the disc that 's just the standard game or 60 for new in a box ... all the deluxe stuffs dlc as is the super deluxe season pass
epiceram is a bad idea to use on the face .
it 's way too thick of course it will clog pores .
i 'm worried because if risky comes back i feel like they might ruin it .
also why is risky of all the pois coming back gon na be like week 8 or 9 ca n't wait to have a week and a half to land in my favorite spot all time before it gets taken away again
same only like 1/4 of my actual friends list is ever shown .
really annoying when i 'm trying to level up parts on a high difficulty quest .
have to refresh and wait until a decent relief shows up
it 's just a personal choice some guys believe that they do look better with a beard me myself i am clean shaving except for the mustache i feel naked without my mustache and i i think i look better with a mustache it 's just some guys think they look better with a beard that 's all nothing to do with cowardness or anyting it 's just they think it looks better with their personal appearance and i really think it 's not right for you to think that way either me myself if i was owner of a company i would hire somebody that is clean shaven or with a beard
have you had a smart watch before and which one ?
also my duck is numb to the point were it feels fucking weird to piss
please let we mention some important information probably you know it .
please remember to add a flair to your post .
due to the extremely increasing amount of spam/scam on the sub as posts comments in pm and via googleads on reddit we have to warn everyone about it .
unfortunately such offers imply low-quality service and actually they are .
such scammers were banned and there was some feedback on their work .
one can find trusted professionals on the wiki there is such a list .
we wish you get support from the sub in many ways including reading it top posts wiki and searching .
there were many answered questions here please feel free to check that .
besides this subreddit is better looking in the old reddit design on the desktop in the browser with adblockers firefox/palemoon with ublock origin umatrix https old.reddit.com/r/resumes
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/resumes if you have any questions or concerns .
! thanks of the two mentioned which upgrade would you do ?
fixed target number but difficulty '' is modulated by increasing the risk ie .
how bad the consequences are in case of failure .
number of successes required in a dice pool throw .
in takes from the loop most rolls require only one success but occasionally for very difficult situations require 2 or even 3 .
this is decided on the fly by the gm or suggested in scenario books .
the huge jump in probability though suggests that these higher difficulties should be used rarely to mark a particularly strong scary or dangerous situation which might even be better to escape or avoid rather than take on directly .
if late makikinood sa mga bahay near our school .
hey currently we are allowing only a small number of creators to have early access on additions that are not yet released like the new upcoming world style .
some of the criteria that we look for is the quality of maps and consistency in our subreddit .
we may also increase the number of people that give early access to soon hope that helps .
chambers is low ceiling and not good enough to be a starter
holding might not be the same after his acl injury
people do shit like that all of the time then they calm down and realise it was their mistake .
definitely reads like a joke to me but language gaps tends to make jokes less obvious .
did no one ever tell her trains ca n't stop
if i do n't poop now i will be severely constipated later so if i have to shit in a public restroom so be it
haters hate why dont you pay the price and have a listen .
they dont let me keep weapons with the meds .
these are non-answers that have little to do with why an ambulance is in tow with construction and excavation vehicles ready to plow up a field that has been covered up in the past to look like a fake tennis court .
billionaire pedophile with his private island creepy temples eugenics and tech company funding and mysterious death '' while in a federal prison after a previous suicide '' attempt .
it 's just as plain as you put it fellow average citizen .
sadly i do n't see roelly placing higher than 3rd
i know i 'm a bit late but i want a reading
right after the bethesda logo i have to admit is quite problematic since most basic problems happen before or sometimes on the main menu itself .
like you said though about the only thing that does happen after the bethesda logo is missing masters and you have none .
is n't the server issue either since you 're not from eastern europe .
it is n't an outdated skse plugin or a non-ported oldrim mod with a bsa since that 's all before the logo .
is n't a mod that was broken by ussep since that only results in an infinite loading screen .
if it was crashing on the main menu then most likely you edited something in xedit you should n't have something went wrong in xedit and you have a broken mod .
i go visit my brother every year and they have wetv and i shamelessly watch as much law order as i can while i 'm there
sorry our mod pack is only for java because the mods are java and most are stuck on 1.7.10
killer you 're out there chasin ' them when others have given up !
is consultant physician an actual physician or is it one of those things like how in fiction a consulting anything is just an amateur whom claims to be an expert ?
also we see the detrimental effects of stress and anxiety on the brain in neuroscience and how those factors can undermine ones capabilities .
standardized testing still has merits it just has too much weight in my opinion
one from staff of savras campaign one from quest in blacklake district and one from quest in neverdeath graveyard .
outside of that tiamat have chance at dropping a bag .
jubilee usually have free account bound bag last year jubilee they give a runic bag 30 slots as part of 5th year anniversary .
some promotion like the recent one for undermountain if you have xbox live gold or ps plus you get free bag among other things .
they also sometime gives the same free bag during jubilee in simril event .
otherwise there are some not free but very worthy zen purchases .
the dragonborn legends pack and gith support pack for example gives 30 slots bag that you can reclaim on every characters you have on your account .
so the more characters you have the more worth it the purchase become .
one of the best professional poshers out there in my opinion .
you see her everywhere because she takes this seriously as a business and has subtly branded herself in the best way .
but i wonder if she goes to posh fest ?
guess i just had to refresh my friend list a few more times your goth lolli worked like a charm btw all missions cleared in 36 turns !
i 'm genuinely laughing my ass off i 've never seen this before and i feel like shit
jerrod is exactly the right demo older gay guy who grew up during the original diva era to be a huge madonna fan so this makes sense for him but ... a lot less for the brand i think ?
i do n't know who today is hankering for new madonna anything .
look it does n't even matter if that 's true or not .
you simply would n't see a comment like that by an all black with their no dickheads policy .
team culture is just so important for success in international rugby .
i 've heard this joke before but it 's funny every time i hear it .
be careful what you wish for ... points next .
bonac looks like he usually does but his structure is worse than hadi 's
kuclo he really lacks flow but is just big and ripped
i 've been avoiding this movie for that reason .
i keep hearing it 's a bad movie with great performances .
he just has 10 alt accounts called personality 1 through 10 so every correct theory looks stupid .
i ca n't wait for o maiden six siege next week .
you 're doing a nice thing for your mother .
it 's not a requirement that you babysit a child that you had no part in creating i 'm guessing .
it 's kinda unfair to put you in such a shitty situation but she 's not an asshole for asking .
if it 's got sufficient energy it 'll carry some pretty crappy hits .
the thing that 's great about it is that i can do like 10 different things with it to make it score ... change my hand change my speed target longer loft it spin it ...
it 's just really predictable and really 'strong ' on all kinds of conditions especially sport shots .
if i throw it and see what it does it 'll inform my decision to stick with it or tell me exactly what i need to switch to in my arsenal .
it speaks to my limbic nervous system in clear terms .
eta for bone dry lanes i like my brunswick twist which i can play on the same outside line as the ph or ... my cherry vibe which i 'll get a little more inside with at the foul line and bounce off the really dry boards in the mid-lane area .
the twist is very high rg and 'rolly ' .
the cherry vibe is low rg and 'snappy ' off the dry .
why ca n't you mail it from where you are at ?
bryan looks like the most in shape guy in the photo ?
you know kinda like the original post we 're commenting under ?
pc/mac for now but if we manage to secure more funding we 'd love to do switch and mobile too .
the way it sorta all connects together this is so pleasing to look at !
say what you will about the dude but i like him
this is one of those few commanders you can ignore leveling the 1st skill and go for the 2nd skill immediately .
if you 're lucky you get a 1/5/0/0 then continue leveling up to 37
it must be nice when getting bullied if you even do
my 5th grade teacher liked being really dramatic about it .
i see welp i 'll just never get near that rabbit hole of weirdness .
because while i can absolutely see elts fitting into that i just do n't see sketches linking in like that .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the wabbajack guide is still a work in progress its been assembled in a few days to about a week .
sadly this guide did n't exist at all yesterday morning .
i have had nearly no sleep the last 2 days with around 20-30 hours of writing formatting testing adjusting helping people and adjusting based on feedback etc .
it has undergone some heavy revisions in that time .
v2.1 updated now should be the last of the heavy revisions at least until new autoinstaller versions are released that allow me to simplify the guide more .
open your eyes the proof is all around you .
edit see those quotes i 'm not saying that .
i 'm quoted the people that might say that .
if you had said i am you would be one letter short of 9 words and 39 letters .
we are impatient and want great results instantly then get desperate and quit .
i kept asking myself how far i would have gotten if only i would have persevered in whatever it was i have started and then abandoned .
but then getting to a certain age 48 i started noticing that all the skills i have accumulated along the way started complementing each other very nicely .
and i periodically retake practicing many of the disciplines i 've abandoned at some point .
also i am being kinder to myself and actually started aiming for less than perfect even sub par results according to my standards in general they are still above average so give yourself time many things will click into place and yes many others wo n't but the general outlook will markedly improve .
banana flavored candies taste nothing like bananas because their flavor mix is based on the gros-michel banana which went extinct in the 1970 's .
so banana candy is actually the ghost of what bananas used to taste like .
for his neutral special genya has a g u n
with rob in idk but i really dont wan na punch this
if any kid i willingly made had to go through what i do i 'd feel responsible and helpless myself how to help them .
dude no one requires you refrain from being an asshole .
its your prerogative to choose to be an asshole .
i 'm uncomfortable so everyone else should be too '' is legit assholery .
i ca n't help you here i 'm sorry but
i have 2 inches of riser but the way your sight sits one would probably do the trick
she is 26 and looking for a serious relationship and she is far more invested than you are .
it really is n't fair of you to lead her on because you want experiences .
you 're going to tie up possibly a couple of years of her life because of your needs while depriving her of finding what she needs .
unless you are honest with her of course and give her the choice of staying or leaving .
its basically dio 's time stop but time does n't resume right where he stopped it it resumes 10 seconds in the future .
played deers on my first run as a team .
rhea as my second half way through it i found it was really easy so i mainly only used byleth .
eagles is the third soloed everything asides from some paralogues that i need to level them up so that the main characters survive .
this also would 've been cleared if it was n't for all the monsters leaving fire on the floor .
gon na give it 1 more attempt with renewal prayer ring
rip have an upvote and a follower for your troubles
pretty sure olson has every single one of my opponents homers .
hm thats odd because i have the option and i 'm not a collector .
i 'm sorry that i ca n't help you 😞
i know how easy it is to get attached to the little guys even though you 've only known them for a short while .
kittens that have been abandoned by their mothers have a very low rate of survival so be sure not to blame yourselves .
if you want to find some way to honor the kitten 's life try and set traps out for the mother and get her spayed search tnr in your city so she wo n't birth and abandon any more kittens .
but automatic weapons are easier to use ... just spray the rounds downrange and you 'll hit something .
yes in the hands of a skilled person handguns can be as deadly as an automatic weapon but most handgun owners do n't have that level of skill
front row at flog stage during flatbush zombies and security does n't care .
just smoke in the crowds and not while walking around and you 'll be fine .
i really hope i 'm never in this situation i do n't en like choosing which questions i get to answer on a test
duck is good but i think to be truly great it needs something more .
duck 's biggest problem is the lack of options it has if plan a does n't work .
ai n't no way they put another white boy on that show .
i think they meant it was too good for them to play split screen so they got 2 for fullscreen
while still holding the bottle just stick your hand in the box and it should take it automatically .
i did n't realize grift now means just having a national profile after a local event becomes national news .
i dont think obama was dumb bad yes but not dumb .
it 's a cooperative story game where you play as a character of your creation .
the story varies widely based on your groups and your dm because there are tons of different published adventures and also people tend to make stories of their own .
a good starting point would be checking with your local gamestores to see if they host games then see if you can make a character with someone showing you the ropes
my beta looked like a caveman but after the update and about an hour of adjustments he looks a caveman .
i thought it looked okay until i got into the game and he looked worse than before .
tried to go back in and fix it but that costs 400 .
the chances of actually looping kc mkc or rampage to another combatant are slim .
moving target is a baller perk for accuracy and handling which you need with that 150 archetype .
it 's just hilarious and shows how out of touch they are .
they care more about a sub hating a tv show instead of groups hating immigrants and lgbt people .
ca n't say i understand the general route based on the stops you listed but i would highly recommend going west from boulder to nederland estes park rocky mountain national park .
if you are from the eastern or southern part of the country the rockies and colorado mountain towns are even more amazing to see .
we '' do n't know what causes it but they '' big koch pharma do and they 're not telling .
that 's nothing i spawned 10 blocks away from one once
is there an update on lori loughlin 's case ?
the point i 'm trying to make through this admittedly fairly asinine line of questioning is that i think you and a lot of other people are confusing moderation '' and pragmatism .
i have no problem with pragmatic politics as unsatisfying as it can often be but moderation is n't an ideology it 's just ideological laziness .
i ca n't imagine the pain it must cause someone who is sitting in infusion knowing that they are never going to get to ring the bell watching people celebrate and cheer about being done with chemo .
i can understand the draw i give lots of adjuvant therapy and i can imagine the joy of ringing the bell and saying i 'm done ! and praying that you are one of the lucky ones .
i think that we should move to change what the bell is for .
if you have something to celebrate no matter how small you should get to ring the bell .
i 'm not fat i 'm just not as skinny as i used to be
so you 're telling me nuclear explosion is actually the best way to go ?
keep in mind this is my first time using photoshop but i think it 's pretty decent work .
his mental state devolved to the point where he did not realise luke was fictional
and how exactly does this poor delusional boy differ from the average redditor ?
after fulfilling the pre-orders will you have any extras ?
i noticed that i sometimes visit friends and in some dorms they are already collectible and in some not yet .
if you have n't reaches the friend battery limit the red text then someone probably beat you to the punch .
he places his foot down watching melt roll but he did n't stay still for long because as soon as they began rise to their feet his afterimages vanished and two new ones appeared .
one at their side on the ground with a kick overlapping the expose femur from before .
it was using his other none exposed leg for the kick .
another was in his place he was standing and another had its body overlapping with melt 's .
he sets the sequences with him going to the one kicking to the one standing where he was and the last one being the one overlapping melt .
then his blurred state would return as he rips across the field in moment to the image at her side .
warren sanders and bidden are globalist boomer fossils and beta etc .
good luck winning fly-over country with anyone from that lineup .
i am sure there are many like me who will vote trump because he is crazy but incompetent while the dems are batshit insane and intent on flooding the country with 30 million immigrants .
they are still young enough to get used to regular clippings !
start young and do it regularly and you 'll be able to clip problem claws whenever necessary without issue as they get older .
same with baths checking teeth looking in ears etc .
i just see so many people who do n't realize this is an option .
im quite a bit ahead as i started a week back but i think cleric beast may have been optional .
it 's a good checkpoint though cause the next boss you need to kill is a pain in the ass and very different from ordinary beasts you came into contact with so far .
exhaust has n't been a prevalent summoner spell in years .
it 's no better than any other social media morally but it always assumes the moral highground .
gon na be so heartbroken if haksal proceeds to kill everyone for 3 maps straight again .
make it a night game thursday for a double header ?
not sure what makes more sense day game wednesday or night game thursday .
your post was removed because it exceeds the 3,000 character limit .
you are not allowed to continue your post in the comments or another thread .
you will need to post it again we can not approve the removed post if you edit it .
do not attempt to circumvent this requirement you will be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i did n't know they were making another child 's play movie .
seven years ago tanya mcdowell was sent to prison for 5 years for enrolling her son in a school outside of her listed district .
felicity huffman received a 14 day sentence for spending 15k to rig her daughter 's sat scores .
that thing probably costs more than my 3 bedroom house .
thank god im a bug lover someone 's currently talking someone else out of brutally murdering me
i write in my journal and have for years ... over a decade now .
depends on the manufacturer you 'll need a cable that interfaces with the vehicle some calibration software most online are of questionable legality and a laptop capable of running that software .
you can also buy a programmer sold by the aftermarket specifically for that ecm but most are pretty limited in their capabilities .
careful if you mess around with stuff in calibration software you can brick a module pretty easy on modern cars .
also in la you will never own a house .
it is so expensive in la that owning is really not worth it .
something that would cost 300 in the midwest to fix will cost 2000 in la .
now can you do your job somewhere else in america that you can afford a house and maybe better to start a family ?
because he 's been on record saying he wishes he could stay in office forever .
he wants to turn the us into a dictatorship .
he 's actively testing the waters to see how his base handles the extremist rhetoric that flies in the face of the founding fathers and the constitution .
he 's trying to figure out if he can do it .
and sadly his base is overwhelmingly in favour of it .
it 'll be pretty easy so long as he does n't have it in his lunchbox but if he does then i do n't know
the first time i saw glen 's hand puppet talk to dina i died laughing .
like had to pause the show and hold my stomach type laughing .
he 's one pumpkin spiced latte away from wholesome .
you saw the alcoholism last season in his weight game .
hope things are back to normal for the rest of the threads .
i took note of the about me page and i agree it should explain more about me .
so did you get the inspiration from the shield of the brazilian soccer team sport club of recife ?
ultimate has too many particle effects when there are many characters on screen .
it is n't too bad when you 're playing because you 're focused on your own character but when you 're spectating it becomes hard to follow .
just turning down the smoke trails would be a great improvement .
yes ... and we can start with joe rogan .
porting my number took less than 4hrs after i signed up .
i received the email to just pop the sim and i 'm good to go .
just waiting til monday for the arrival so i can hopefully get rid of this terrible dual att cricket/st service i have .
got a nagging feeling that neville 's comments about us winning the league before them its gon na come back and bite us in the ass .
sorry to break the narrative but the man is n't drowning .
that is darrick thomson who is the co-founder of save elephant foundation and the elephant is kham lha who he rescued and brought the elephant nature park in chiang mai thailand the previous year .
since then the two have been inseparable and play like this often .
he is a goddamn hero to these elephants that he has saved and the real story behind this video is much cooler than a drowning '' man .
the elephant is still showing compassion and care in coming to his rescue . ''
hard to pick kratz 's victims cuz none of them except for the last one chose to turn him in .
is a woman a victim who choose 's to blow a cop to get out of a ticket ?
get me some background info on all these victims .
and who did n't ... then we can compare them to bobby who was minding his own business before his and his wife and kids world fell apart ...
not sure if op is a little boy or not but if so i assume you 're an adult ?
he already have the fractured look and so we can have one evil guy from each universe
that 's why this garbage op got ban base every ranked match .
because most of people hiding behind the shield the whole time ruin others game comparing to mont blitz .
hard to navigate this sub with so many of these ... . single page would be good .
all i know is that for me anyway ymmv writings by this author are not worth the time it takes to read them .
it 's definitely annoying but i think people do n't see any incentive to reaching champs this late in the season .
i wish there were some sorts of rewards to give players a reason to keep playing it safe
hey there interested in one of your timid ash greninjas.event-wise i 'd have a genesect ot plasma id 10072 trained to level 86and a deoxys ot plasma id 06013 level 100 does n't know nasty plot anymore unfortunately i could offer you .
i do have them on omega ruby atm can trade them to ultra sun though .
all of these i have obtained myself i also do have the wonder cards .
what 's your source of comey 's daughter making prison location recommendation ?
you literally said she was the one who made the decision .
sure he is able to do that but the chance of him winning games after 30 minutes is zero to none .
to be able to 3 items either means the game is a stomp or its being stretched out which is really bad for him .
forgot to mention that every other adc is better than him 3 items in
standard scoring do i start golladay lockett josh gordon or hollywood brown ?
there are really only two big players in the sd-wan space .
the rest will get gobbled up in the hustle .
i 'm wondering where this opinion is coming from that there are a lot '' of companies doing sdwan better than cisco .
have you worked with all of their products or pocd them in a large enterprise ?
do you really think cisco would buy the company with the interior product when it comes to routing ?
frozen burgers and seafood bunkers are still department 93 along with the fresh meat wall .
should be part of meat department and part of fresh .
how much weight did you gain in that 1 month ?
i think dallas will crush washington but i 'm just worried it 'll turn into the zeke show after too long and gallup wo n't get the looks .
how dare you force them to learn those things before they can play ranked !
i had it all last winter and at most heating by itself was 15 .
if you want to include air resistance and a cold battery the .
but in a semi warm garage and plugged in it is n't anywhere near 30-40 .
also we are discussing 19 's to 18 's .
its just water vapor you should be more concerned with what u can not see
it drives me crazy people think they can tell he is walking quickly '' and with purpose . ''
you ca n't tell anything in the super short clip and nothing that compares how he is walking with how anyone else walks .
cs definitely beats working as a waiter a stripper a truck driver and so on and so on .
you 'll wipe your tears with stacks of bills .
am i allowed to say i 'm in the same boat ?
i have a terrible time admitting it or wondering why i 'd have to but depression is also just one factor in it .
sometimes i 'm honestly bored to the end of my wits .
creating music trying to write story content let alone a story .
i used to be able to have a puff or go on an adventure literal outdoor walk and the juices would flow .
i 'm not even a public writer but writing still gave me a joy .
unfortunately this weird sad uninspired anchoring is met with constant good ideas that pop in my head when i try not to force them and i still jot them down just in case ... . it just seems like that internal dread is trying to render it pointless to write anything from a poem to a failed attempt at an epic .
i ca n't believe i wo n't even muster up the strength to make that said failed attempt yet the stories they tease themselves in and out of my ears .
i wish i could offer you a remedy but apparently i am also looking for one .
no drug has sparked it back up no loving people i truly think this is legitimate depression and not just chemical .
i think i mentally thought myself into a shell of a hell i gave shelter to .
plus with the bad things in the world getting advertised more so than the good it is too easy to fall into pessimistic routines and continue sulking in why bother writing there 's no point to any of this ?
yet i am trying not to stay anchored this way .
i do pull ups or chin ups more often now than stay lazy or retreat to a smoke break .
i 'm taking some language classes to get my brain working better hopefully spanish and american sign language spanish to aid in business communications as well as sincere interest and asl because it helps me not think if you will .
i have instance where my mind will flare up and a niagara falls of thoughts spills over and i ca n't distinguish anything from anything and when i 'd use my hands my mind would usually shut up .
which makes senses idle hands are the devil 's workshop '' and having a smoke in hand had the same effect .
basically i 'm holding out for replacing my bad habits with good habits in hopes that it floods the creative circuits and whether it 's a good musical session or even several pages i may deem horrible at least i wrote them it 's all practice better than giving up before you start is what i 'm getting at here at least something 's moving .
ironically however i can write forever in thoughtful responses to people if i feel i could help them in some way directly or indirectly even if it 's merely relating to the situation .
i also use media references to fit the perfect explanation .
it 's like an unexpected twist the thing you thought that got in the way of you being you turns out to be what was helping you be you .
i think you are allowed to make fun of everything and everyone .
german black magic is ze best in ze wolrd !
what 's missing is a dive watch which tend to be more formal than a field watch like the snk and less than the dress watch like the bambino .
200 is a pretty limited budget but you should be able to find some seiko 5s that are styled as dive watches and the orient mako and ray .
if you stretch your budget a bit you can get the seiko turtle or samurai which are done of the best dive watches under 1k .
not the last dual sport stadium some stadiums share with mls teams .
dropped obj his rookie season before he came back from injury just to hold an extra defense to stream for the following week .
hurt even worse when my league mate claims him off waivers and ends up winning that year .
a latina or asian woman that wants to be a white man 😅
so last night i was invited out by an introvert and it was just me and him at the bar and it was fun af .
only one person to keep track of and worry about
🙏 i am going to use my new skill often now idk why i could n't find that before !
you can easily clean a pair earbuds with alcohol and a q-tip and considering the price of airpods this starts to sound more and more reasonable
haha i was worried for a sec of being stuck in a room full of 60-80 's retired people in expensive suits that were more successful than i 'd ever be in my prime .
explore for a while and the story will come to you .
they 've always been the investigative arm of the media .
radio and tv always stole their material from newspapers for the most part .
i never said its not playable i said it plays awful .
its a pretty shitty map that people only play because its hw if anyone non-famous would 've mapped it it would 've gotten 0 recognition and like 30 plays after 2 weeks of being ranked .
that 's how it is with most unique style maps '' .
also you can stop riding axarious ' and lain 's dicks obviously they mostly play weird maps like that so they wouldnt mind those .
and no i can play the map and probably get a better score than lain atleast unlike the usual people who always complain i can actually play the maps i complain about so axarious can fuck off with his blatantly wrong statement .
i wonder what we would happen if we interviewed each hg employee and asked would you keep doing this if you did n't get paid ? ''
i also like my job but i sure would n't do it for free .
many game developers work under really shitty conditions with extremely long hours unrealistic deadlines and awful management .
no this is n't unique to game development but it 's particularly pervasive in that industry .
you 'd think with all of the people with broken wands might try something like this or some type of reinforcement .
i 've seen a couple of posts about this very same guy trolling horde .
have you ever traveled to poor countries and had a chat to people ?
well the majority of americans are those people uneducated ignorant obtuse stubborn and malevolent when they don t get their way .
i would 've loved it had they not revealed that in the trailer .
i know you 're joking but kd you 're serious it 's not allowed by the league .
did n't see it on the first watch too busy ducking myself
i 'm no introvert but watching sports with people who really care when i 'm actually there to see them is exhausting .
it feels like if you say the wrong thing about the game you 'll affect their enjoyment of it and further distance yourself .
college football season kind of sucks for that reason .
youre most likely right just an observation i recently had and thought was a different way to interpret the song
i do n't give a fuck what my food looks like .
are n't mission rewards added to the inventory anyways even if the bag is full ?
if not maybe try the machine in sanctuary that gives you lost loot .
it 's maggie a character who appears at anne 's school in a flashback .
i think doing something with my hands while watching tv might be perfect ... i did know how to crochet years ago maybe i should pick it up again .
how long before copeland is on ig talking about not getting touches
that 's delaney with the header down the line to bruun larsen .
we 've gotten to 3-1 so many times on this guy and just keep giving him outs
k cuz i try following this sub and it changes every week imo 😂 keep us updated in 3 weeks then
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
to be fair i 'll skip through videos by really popular youtubers too .
if i watched the entirety of every video i clicked on my days would be filled with nothing but youtube videos
there 's always super engine mode with infinite wumpa ... not quite the same though .
what a game to watch as a fan with no dog in that fight .
futsal not football but i 'm still gon na chime in if it 's allowed .
we were a small team so the captain was usually the main link between us the coach and the board .
always tried to motivate us and was kinda the extention of our coach helping with our positioning on the field and always making sure we were happy and fitted in .
unfortunately your submission was removed for breaching our rules refresh your inbox and re-read the rules if you ca n't see why .
you have three hours to re-submit a corrected version before this becomes your one post for this week .
if you experience difficulty re-posting do not contact the moderators without quoting or linking the error message received from the site .
replies to this automated message will not be seen .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it was more that he was ko 'd referee did n't stop it he got hit again and woke up thinking he 's still in it .
i dunno i think i have to second microwave .
it is the best tool for that particular job as a field it has the highest resolution and their experiments are relatively fast .
if it 's well studied you can just look up the bond angles anyway/nist has microwave spectra on some things .
picked it up on sale from amazon i do plan to get the rest i just usually wait for sales on things im not actively reading and ill read this one when the anime ends most likely !
when all u.s. military bases are decommissioned you 'd best be worried about which new language you 'd need to learn .
whichever one it is you 'd better learn it quickly .
i do n't mean to say that kathryn manipulated thomas this whole time .
she likes to make herself the victim like this season reunion when danni brought up legitimate issues with her friendship with kathryn .
i do n't know if you have watched it yet so i 'm not going to spoil it but when you do get to it you 'll suddenly realise kathryn is kind of shitty .
honestly im not surprised why these guys become killers .
dont nobody on this sub even know her but shes been a hot topic on here for awhile
that 's what i 'm most afraid of and i 'd give it up if she did n't want to !
but my worry is that full stop she might not be able to do things anymore either if i said anything .
basic curiosity and to ease my own fears would you end it if your partner suggested that was something they had an interest in ?
would it bother you if they resisted themself from doing it to make you happy ?
if you have been thinking about doing it than do it ! !
blame the refs all you want but that boxscore with a giant 19-0 4th quarter says it all .
i solo queue often clash is never a problem must be just console
makes me feel good about the prices around my area !
everyone 's talking about how he might live and as much as i want to believe it i know it 's not true .
those berries do n't do anything half the time .
ca n't wait for tommy to tell cliff in jury that he really was planning on taking him to finale night
indicate your location http www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/wiki/public/tagging/locations countries lt 30,000km^2 states/regions/etc lt 50,000km^2 cities/landmarks lt 100km from you no place more than 250km wide/long '' in the title with a hashtag of three or more letters and no spaces or special characters except '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
moderator is mia missing in action again at day 17 .
please watch all four of the videos the seller claims are proof of claimed refund '' .
i 'm guessing this scammer has succeeded in the past and thus is so persistent .
please watch all the fake video this scammer has created and bar his account https drive.google.com/open ? id=15\_x2b9qhwicjiekgypeu1pvrrdejbsn
the church route is considerably a pretty boring route .
he already shoots blood from his eyes though that 's why he gets so red in the face
jersey shore currently has more followers than brandent schlob .
is the dog that big or you 're very small ?
i was uncomfortable watching ian and denise because her face is so weird looking now .
i 'm fine with him having a more age appropriate love interest but let 's make her be normal looking not plastic .
at this point the biggest improvements are made in low light settings we 'll have to wait for a tear down to get a better idea of components used in the new phones .
the specs mention a new image sensor if that is the case there is a chance the new sensors are larger than the pervious iphones meaning there will be an improvement in low light performance
ah man cowboy ... . just was n't his night i guess .
i 'll be able to join yall soon once i get some reliable internet service !
3 first round knockouts in a row against good competition how is n't ufc promoting the balls off of gaethje .
i 'm aware but still do n't let him suit up .
i understand it sounds harsh but there 's a discipline issue that needs to be addressed .
this is good cliff deserves to go and now we she if holly has the balls to betray jackson .
a holly vs nicole f2 is nicole 's best chance .
nicole for final hoh but if not nicole a brave holly !
when you park the bus at fucking watford what else do you expect ?
if it 's this iron golem is back out https www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/ricardo-milos-golem
i went down from 160 to 100 just from making a bunch of perfect picks so i would n't keep having to go back and repair them but i 'm already nearly back there
from what geoff and others have said on various podcasts it 's a decision from higher up to just completely avoid issues with copyright .
why have i not seen the panda copypasta yet ?
nearly had it fail because they could n't open a rear door .
when i said i was on my way back to have a look it mysteriously opened .
kwik fit are dodgy as fuck only went with them as i 'd left it last minute .
i have a 1060 and it feels like it should be big enough for everything but i am still weary about putting thousand dollar iems in there loose .
though it does often feel like a puzzle trying to get everything in there .
not this year finally buckled down and bought my ticket outright .
three were stabbed two fatally with the third being grievously injured .
they do look thick but you 'll also never know till you try !
since you can fly into the l cluster it certainly isnt the first two results ... wich either way are the worst results .
i think i get it but it 's really hard for sb using english as a third language .
i think the kind of woman a man could draw for its authenticity .
heyy i 've added you but it says that you have n't added me
are we going to have an offensive line by the end of the season ?
how bout send pms instead of rubbing their nose in it like they are a bad little puppy ?
he also mentioned i have lots of lobe space and he 'd like to still do some stacked ones between my first and seconds after the trip so we 'll see if i do those .
but i think next ones might be septum nostril or conch !
try to buy the first kp item next time .
some ca n't handle the workload some find out it 's not for them some get medically disqualified bad grades etc .
its actually so cool how pewds prank trap eventually helped them defeat the raiders !
it was a fun episode and yes we 've all seen that pewds used creative mode to made the pranks but we do n't care .
it was a good episode even tough they made no progress story building wise
2 most used functions beat on and beat off .
y'all posting a these suggestions but it 's already open and also not mine thanks anyway
when a spell like electric arc just says saving throw reflex '' but does n't specify the result of failure and success how do i handle it ?
this post has been removed for breaking rule 1 .
do not mention anything about selling anything in the title .
do not even ask for people to contact you for more .
read the rules for info on how to market yourself here .
if your posts keep getting removed then you will be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/feetpics if you have any questions or concerns .
lot 's of alcohol screaming in terror and reckless flailing always does the trick for me
haha well not exactly just wanted to get those face paints as soon as possible and not play on that difficulty ever again .
aphrodite low energy team vulcan chains not low energy team giant king .
june marsh fairy if there is no better person to carry it in the team kiki or shun mandela/iris if you need the speed and you generally do .
shun marsh fairy if there is no better person to carry it in the team kiki hephaestus 's armor otherwise .
hi i 'm a bot for linking direct images of albums with only 1 image
i did help by telling you that 435 is too much .
he is just retarded da fuxk he thought will happen ahahahah .
being good at a fighting game is n't just doing flashy combos it 's knowing when to do those flashy combos .
the first thing you should do is practice practice practice your movements .
nobody 's going to perfectly read what someone is going to do all the time so just focus on learning to punish their mistakes and lowering your own percentage of mistakes made .
the combos will come naturally when you get a much better feel of how you move and how other characters move
do n't start with dating just start with enjoying being with people
there is no point if you are a man these days .
you can still wake up next to someone you love without the legal strings of marriage .
then skeletons and your hair are pretty similar thin as fuck
hi loser your post has been removed for the following reason s
do n't violate the rules again or i 'll tell your mom xddd
but morning edging and evening edging means at least two if my foot fetish is triggered even more it 's been summer .
taking the bus or the train drove me wild on many occasions ... and sometimes one edging session means resting and going back at it ...
leaking started a few days ago nothing really spectacular but i can feel the wet spot .
this pleasant buzzing coming from inside '' me is new though and it 's worrying .
just a few minutes ago it flared up and i was hyperventilating a little .
why would n't there be industry in a communist society ?
in any case i was talking of socialism not communism .
also i believe our modern culture changes so fast that it would be hard for big productions to keep up with it .
if your moving data to dvds be sure to use archival dvds .
i would rip a copy to leave in the car keeping the originals safe .
after a few years the quality degraded and the disks started to turn a yellowish color .
as for scratching the foil on the back this is where the data lives .
if some of the foil is missing then some of the data is missing .
some players will let you skip past damaged sectors and some will not .
i 'm sorry i can not recommend a player or way to rip the disk again as my data is really old and mostly audio .
you may have to go back the vhs and make a new copy .
palpatine already had his role and demise in the saga .
bringing him back to be the big villain again undermines vader 's sacrifice not completely because vader still redeemed himself and the prophecy of the chosen one a prophecy that is supposed to be fulfilled because palpatine was destroyed this is canon and confirmed by george lucas .
palpatine is one of my favorite characters i do n't know how exactly he will return in tros and in what form i only hope they do it in a way that does n't cheapen rotj 's ending .
how nice would it be if you get a large enough bounty they transport you there and the only way to escape is if someone breaks you out while your in route to the prison .
it is not the penalty that is disappointing but rather how arsenal play its game ugly unorganized like a bottom table team .
i 've been coding for a long time and i have been to many interviews and i am excellent experienced programmer .
however i often fail the white board tests and i blank when people ask me easy questions .
i find that interviewing is it 's own special skill set and the only way to get good at it or anything is to practice .
the only way to practice is to go to interviews and fail .
when i am looking for a job i expect that i will fail the first 3 or 4 interviews until i get used to them .
try to chalk it up to a learning experience .
people tend to ask the same questions in interviews .
after a few failures you will get better at it and then you will get a job .
to be fair if my testosterone levels rose to 60 times greater than normal i 'd probably be violent too .
if arsenal was smart they 'd grab allegri now ! ! !
stubborn maybe but still got juve to dominate serie a and 2 cl finals !
yes true but the potential suffering could be enormous if we do n't take the gamble .
still the argument is based on many assumptions and i think that 's why i do n't really buy it .
there needs to be more reason to put on/off the nvgs as of now night mode just feels like day mode but with a green screen .
the maps need to have more dynamic lighting where some areas of the map are too dark and the player must put on nvgs and places where the lights are too bright and the player must take them off .
otherwise there is really no reason to play the night mode when people just run around like its daytime .
so you ca n't move until your sell your place or you have to pay for 2 places at the same time ?
ti ljudi su i prije rata bili sadisti silovatelji pedofili i sl .
samo što nisu mogli nekažnjeno ispunjavati svoje niske strasti .
rat je na našim prostorima bio raj na zemlji za psihopate svih vrsta mogli su nekažnjeno ubijati i silovati bez straha da će biti sudski procesuirani .
stručnjaci kažu da bi ti ljudi prije ili kasnije počinili zločin bez obzira bilo rata ili ne .
malo proguglaj na temu psihopata u ratu pa ćeš naći vrlo zanimljivih stručnih tekstova na tu temu .
durian does not taste like any other fruit that i know .
it 's very creamy so frozen durian tastes like ice cream with a distinct bittersweet aftertaste kinda like avocado mixed with garlic .
of course the strong sulphuric smell also affects thr taste .
i 'm not a fan of the fruit because of the aftertaste and because my gag reflex acts uo with the sulphur but if it 's a good type it 's very delicious .
it 's strange anyway ... do you have enough memory in your phone or proper connectivity ...
i mean it does n't make sense but just to make sure
south african scenario for the west that 's why .
lol just got ta go kill yourself a few dozen times so that you can join a game that you do n't have to sweat all the way through .
do you take classes on martial arts or any advanced motor skills ?
wish i was sounds like there 's good money there .
my eldest child is sixteen and in sixth form she has a part time job and it does n't effect my child benefit or working tax nor child tax .
so long as you are in full time education it will have no effect how may hours your work or how much you earn .
my daughter has been working her spare time in cafes and takeaways since she was thirteen or fourteen .
this summer she was working full time earning more than me i work part time and it had no effect .
i was initially concerned but i asked a benefits adviser they told me the following ...
my initial instincts were that as she 's in full time education and you still satisfy the criteria to be claiming ctc and cb for her then she can earn whatever she likes on top of that .
i 've had a look through my books and the only criteria i can see for wtc amounts are based on you or your partner 's income not as a household income and it certainly does n't mention if your child works .
i 've also just confirmed with my colleague who agrees with me that her part time income wo n't be taken into account as household income so wo n't affect your benefits
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
i 'm from the subreddit r/relationship_advice and i 'd like to say you should leave her .
i 've been starting to go to the gym recently so i hope it helps .
i do n't believe it does not switch but i used to use play-asia extensively for 3ds games i had a pal region lock i used sbi credit card in my case
call the tour guide and ask if they have one available .
illegal immigrants work harder take lower wages do n't do drugs and do n't complain .
most of them do n't cause trouble either though i 've seen exceptions .
the ones i 've known all did entry-level dead-end jobs like construction work dishwashing/waiting cutting vegetables in the supermarket and other stuff where you do n't face any customers and do n't need to speak english .
nobody local except teenagers want these jobs for the wages offered and they just do n't match the immigrants in work quality .
so there 's two things to blame 1 big companies wo n't pay enough and 2 small business owners have such a hard time starting up that it just makes more financial sense to hire immigrants .
or is it just to install in your villain lair .
take your time focus on the ones you want the most i 'm just happy i found someone to help me with looping against cavalry !
i 'm just empathizing with the kid and thinking of what i 'd like to do if i were in his place .
i 'm decently tall however half the people at my school are almost 2m tall
i 'm getting dave franco lookalike vibes from him !
you see it every day on the news but i did n't think it would ever happen to me ! !
how do you create jobs for people with no marketable skills in 2019 whose jobs have just been automated ?
instead give them 1000 of disposable income that they can use to build/support innovative businesses .
because he is is 6 foot 5 and his 88 card from nhl 19 was arguably the best goaltender behind any bishop card .
there seal used to be the graphic for this sub .
now this is the new seal the old seal represents public works and the slogan is c1ty of jacksonv1lle '' one city one jacksonville
they should move the grand final to bankwest if they win both games .
remember a lot of people prefire or aim for common spots as well as the mini map 9so you could have shown up on there as well .
venezuela claimed to have a socialist economic system while in fact they utilized it for authoritarian governance .
comparing venezuelan dictatorship to democratic socialism is a logical fallacy called false equivalence .
i 'm sorry your family had to go through the horrors of gross authoritarianism but rest assured with bernie there is no risk of this happening .
there will still be elections in the united states and if anything they will become more fair .
audible ring and squarespace i tried wix once and it sucks
'' basically our belief is it 's okay to disagree '' said rabbi schneur wilhem spiritual leader of the hebrew congregation of woodmont an 87-year-old congregation one town away in milford .
but you know the nazi flag is well a very strange way of displaying your disagreement with the president .
in our community we would choose something more positive than a nazi flag a reminder of the killing of six million jews .
oh my god i was sat here going what the hell ... ? ''
and then i figured out what he wants to succeed brilliantly .
probably not the right place for this and the odds change depending if it was in a raid wild wild+weatherboosted etc .
need more detail to figure it out but again this probably better suited somewhere like r/pokemongo because it 's not research based
i 'm literally telling you what marx thought on the matter .
damn if only there was a way to prove that .
keep in mind your original comment was in the context of someone correctly assigning blame to the capitalist class not the immigrants .
please show me something marx said that contradicts that .
i need you to show me marx 's solution to immigration was not eliminating the capitalist class and instead preventing immigration .
because otherwise he perfectly agrees with the op and is not against illegal immigration '' .
i await your very solid understanding of marxist literature to be demonstrated .
the statue helps a chunk ton i never thought about buying the geodes from krobus .
i already have 3 iridium bars at most just need to find the prismatic shard i had one but looking over at the clueless friend that sold it on day one of joining my farm.. thanks i 'll look into buying from krobus !
i disagree i do n't see the u.k. asking the eu to talk .
the eu has basically said the u.k. will have to implement the backstop and pay £39 billion just to negotiate with no guarantee of a deal .
i do n't see any government going for that .
it 's probably why trump daddy seems like a better choice to the government for a deal .
jeg synes at der er en række relevante spørgsmål der ikke er stillet i artiklen ...
thank you for the love 3 honestly makes me so emotional to see that people who do n't know me over the internet can be so sweet and uplifting .
i am going to get through this week and keep going from there
do increment the index for inner-loop iteration '' index 1
if you need it chances are that your code is total mess and it 's better to refactor it instead of commenting .
do increment the index here because some obscure rule '' index 1
i sometimes raise an eyebrow watching her vids and that 's why i keep going back .
like you i think it 's really important for us to hear differing views in the millean sense it at the very least helps us figure out precisely what we believe and at most can lead to us changing said beliefs .
i think her refusal to tow the party line '' so to speak has been contributing to the whole debacle she 's already pissed people off by having a different opinion on some stuff and i have no doubt that a good portion of the people looking for blood have really just been using the twitter thing as an excuse to rip her apart since her comments could finally be construed as hurtful to some people whereas before the viewpoint they hated before often revolved around compassion and empathy towards assholes .
yeah looks like i should consider the hiby r5 .
i nearly ordered the m2x and i think i dodged a bullet
honestly thought that was bill hunter australian actor so was quite surprised when i turned on the sound to hear an american accent .
edit after a reading his wikipedia page it has come to my attention that he passed away 2011 .
i 'm not bothered wether you believe it or not .
i 'm 47 and way too old for bullshit .
do we have an estimate on when she 'll be out in en ?
still hoping we 'll one day get a dragon of the west spin-off series about his early years
you can actually experience the same setup as your physical surroundings .
dreams are not just dreams and you now saw that fact you simply acted the same how you tend to act and think after your reactions in your physical life but the rules are different and you are making stuff more scary or more real '' .
the hulk thing was fueled by your expectations after saw your hands .
others wo n't be interested in this so you will need to keep all of these to yourself and to your diary because people are simply not ready for this around you .
it is not just about that they need to experience it for themselves because in general people are uninterested in this they deny it that it is real .
if you continue you can achieve existing non-physical places talk to entities guides visit awesome places and learn more about yourself .
minimap only shows red dots revealed by uav and portable radar .
that sounds terrifying as someone who is a bit weird would n't say to the extent of a phobia but i 'm not the biggest fan with water !
you sound like you got pretty lucky in that particular scenario though .
like could you walk out from the beach knowing theres no 'false bottom ' ?
this photo was taken at the guest house do you write it like that ?
but yeah it is very close to the ground had n't noticed that before haha .
sydney funnel web bite can be fatal without antivenom .
thank for the feedback but i have other zippos and its exactly the same dimensions and the the hingle had a bend straight pin in it because it was diy repaired by the previous owner
it all depends on how your store does how much you work and how long you have been there .
dram calc 1.6.2 does n't load the html report once i import it
click report change to nanaseconds export to html report .
import xmp navigate to html file and click import .
does anyone have an idea why it does n't load ?
not really cheaper since you earn much less money in india
i feel like saying he is waiting to strike me if i open the cage lid .
he approaches like he is looking for food when i get near his cage lid
haha i did n't sample any anime dialogue so it 's not allowed s
i was also thinking like nm st but i think that was a year or two before ... ?
he got a little autistic at the end there and started stuttering .
i do n't know where you came up with priests telling pedo jokes from anything i 've said but ok buddy .
bill cosby has absolutely zero to do with the movie airplane .
i do n't think you even know what logic is since you 've made a half thought post talking about things out of the context of what the op and my thread are even talking about .
the pedophilic jokes in airplane consist of inappropriate dialogue from an adult to a child that insinuates the pedophilia .
that 's really not going to fly these days in comedy and really imo it was inappropriate then too .
laughing at the joke about it normalizes and makes it more socially acceptable which allows actual pedos to say they 're kidding if they make an actual advance on a minor .
my kid once said i 'm 7 and 7 rounds up to 10 and that 's practically a teenager . ''
i 'm pretty sure the 9 year old is thinking about it .
if i decide to marry someone outside of my community while they 've told me since childhood not to no matter who she is .
i 've been trying to figure this out too .
maybe they want a business look that you can take off a layer or two and go straight to a woman 's march like clark kent/superman .
i would n't be against it but i would prefer them to keep the f2p theme for them
but i think people should be polite and tactful when saying stuff like i only like black girls '' or whatever cuz people get upset .
how the assassination or arch duke fernand lead to hentia
michigan wisconsin and pennsylvania wanted a populist anti-establishment candidate that was going to bring real change .
kind of like the one 2 out of 3 voted for over hillary in the primary .
so tell me again how if it 's only 10-15 why two states decided to roll the dice with trump because democrats were n't progressive enough ?
you literally debunked your own argument by not understanding why michigan and wisconsin voted for trump in particular .
you also realize that millennials will be the largest voting bloc in this next election right ?
and gen z is becoming voting age as well .
the two most progressive generations this country has ever seen .
it 's much higher than 15 as is stands now and a majority will be progressive in 10 years if we 're just being honest .
the status quo centrism and neoliberalism is dying a very painful death .
i agree with a comment above of reporting said co-worker .
that sort of behavior is just gross and creepy regardless of the sex of the person wanting to initiate it .
he 's fixated on 1.5c which even other climate scientists will say is out of reach .
most main defenders speak with the subtext that her actions are interesting in that she accomplishes a bunch of badass things .
and this is true she does accomplish badass things but even if these things were properly explained and not mary sue things she is still being treated like a mary sue and that is n't interesting .
that could be an interesting dynamic a normal character that people objectify for their talent like a mary sue who rails against this form of objectification but that would require a potion of the screen time to be devoted to the emotional toll that treatment places upon the character .
that is decidedly not in these two movies that make no time for the emotional toll of han and luke 's deaths .
theres a sharp delineation between the chicago boys and keynes tho .
keynes would have bitchslapped anyone who seriously suggested that the appropriate response to a recession was to reduce government spending .
you do need to consider neoliberalism as both a political and economic project .
they were also running 8 in the box almost all game .
nicole i wanted to win today to prove that i can get myself to final 3 and i did n't do that and it 's making me feel guilty cause i 'm looking at the three of you and ... tears up
jackson comforting her i need you to understand something your social game has been impeccable and i 'm telling you right now you did earn your spot .
jordan and pippen were killing la in that game with the turnovers and dunks .
a couple times they had vlade at mid court handling the ball which lasted about a second or 2 before jordan swiped it .
this was magic 's last game until 96 ' .
he was making great passes as always and had like 20 assists .
good as in not evil or good as in well written
five steps for parents to take to raise kids who hate you
man this heavyweight division is wayyy deeper than what we thought .
if the whole world is full of op combos there 's no such thing as an op combo .
edit imagine being able to run turbo engine and overcore or viper thrusters and threat scope or wildfire launcher and tempered plating or so many other beautiful combos .
it would open the world of chaos up to even more variations of said chaos .
i ranked first place https imgur.com/gallery/bfuevgr out of 29k ? ... .holy shit .
ive gotten like 5 chopper gunners with it and my only quad feed .
its like the ak with way less recoil and much faster ads .
if anyone ever tries this again they are brain dead no hope brain dead and should be removed from society as they are a hindrance to any and everyone within the same solar system .
like actually dude what do you hope to accomplish ?
do ... wait ... do you actually think somewhere in that peppercorn sized brain of yours that you can talk your way out of a speeding ticket ?
you scumbag you deserve every bit of that broken glass and arrest in all .
hell i think you deserve a bit more too but that 's just me .
tfa made no sense at all the way space hyperspace and everything involving starkiller base was shown .
i guess it 's a jj abrams problem since his star trek movies has similar problems .
the hyperspace traveling superlaser splitting up with targeting system destroying several planets that seem to be closer than moon and earth while i ca n't even see mars that good and then like half a galaxy away you can still identify the individual explosions is way worse than the holdo maneuver .
please reply to this comment with either '*agree ' or '*disagree ' .
because your vote is now personal we wish to afford some anonymity to users and so your votes will be automatically hidden by the automoderator but they will still be counted .
do not vote on your own submission it will not be counted .
if you class this as a mistake i 'd love to see your good work ❤️
how about ask your doctor about the ones that do n't involve infections and/or bleeding and for the ones that do of fucking course you stop ?
you seriously are failing to understand just how many people out there go well breastfeeding requires physical effort and not drinking alcohol or caffeine or smoking so screw that ! those people are the problem not people with medical complications .
ugh i honestly feel like i 'm arguing with antivaxxers right now .
if you 're putting indulgences or laziness over the health of another that 's bad .
if you 're suffering from medical complications that 's fine .
are you honestly telling me you 'd support someone if the only reason they do n't breastfeed is because they wan na get drunk smoke or do drugs or just consider it too much effort despite being medically fine ?
if you would n't then congrats you already agree with me .
my problem is n't with people with medical reasons it 's with selfish assholes who just do n't give a fuck about their kid 's health .
is this what it 's like when you look at those hidden pictures at the eye doctor .
tbh i like my girls stw constructor like you feel me ?
hopefully w the addition visitor t.h.i.c.c.o.m.o.d.e we can drop some thick babes in the item shop sometime
fury prolly won but it was closer than the scorecards show .
either you 're 11 or it 's been 11 years since you had sex .
10 years ago brett gardner was a short skinny dude whose job was to find a way to get to first and then steal second .
now he 's a muscly angry short dude goes around destroying lives and feeding on souls and shit .
well mostly cuz i spend the lack of gold on every other team cuz of this premium character rush past few months .
booooooooo potter and blueban are one trick pony 's .
as we all have seen the more informed of the show they are the better .
potter and blueban are stokers of fire rather than the substance .
save rock n roll was the only post-fob hiatus album that i actually liked and it had a few good points .
to me part of the appeal about them back in the emo era was the whacked out song titles .
and i have n't been into any new green day since 21st century breakdown .
they 're still one of my favorite bands tho .
i 'm happy to hear that you 've got your original account back even if you 've had to rebuild it .
but it sounds like you 've done a great job there !
bc trophies are super impressive to me because i am so not artistically inclined lol .
i think you 're right about it being an older crowd nowadays .
i doubt there 's much new blood coming into the site anymore since neo is n't really big enough to advertise like they used to certainly not mcdonald 's happy meal big !
of course they do n't have the backing of a huge corp like viacom anymore so there 's that .
but with the original players like us getting old enough to have our own kids who we can then introduce to the site maybe there is a future ?
though you 're right in that updating the actual technology of the site will be a big factor .
whatever happens i know i 'll be here until the end .
i 've spent over half of my life on neo why stop now ?
that fruit machine 's not going to spin itself !
this is not a comment on whether this is an eye gouge or not but if the afl is considering this to be an eye gouge 1 week is an atrocious penalty .
for example the last few high profile rugby union cases have seen penalties of 15 10 8 8 7 3 and 4 weeks .
hell you had the nrl bloke cop 8 weeks for it just last week .
if this is deemed to be an eye gouge or even an attempted eye gouge that needs to be dealt with very severely .
he 's a strong swimmer though growing up around durmstrang has taught him endurance as opposed to speed .
a slightly slower speed combined with the small head start has made the race a little close especially as she must have slowed down to look over her shoulder but still charlie has a clear advantage .
it 's because the senate would n't convict of anything .
the senate acts as judge and jury and requires a super majority to convict .
the constitution requires a two-thirds vote of the senate to convict and the penalty for an impeached official is removal from office .
in some cases disqualification from holding future offices is also imposed .
i think it 's going to go downhill soon .
minecraft can only last so long and i have clue what will fill that void .
i can tell this is n't true unicorns fucking exist
if time is a issue try mandarake akihabara store last floor have figures lashinbang first floor in akiba culture 's zone and amiami they are very close to each other .
always search in the pre-owned stuff generally the condition and prices are very good .
as the others said if you wander in the smaller stores you can find best prices and specific pieces but it is very time-consuming .
automod removed the previous post due to the title .
i 've made margs with frozen limeade before they turn out fine .
there were other things making the weakness of the sharingan irrelevant .
might guy and the 8 gates are completely unrelated to 6 paths chakra .
but the sharingan which is ridiculously op is found exclusively among the uchiha who 've got seemingly unexhaustable chakra reserves .
which is the reason why i 'm caling it broken .
when the clan naturally has ridiculously high chakra reserves along with a jutsu a op as the sharingan it is pretty darn broken .
it 's why you die if you run out of chakra .
if obitos spirit/life force went into kakashi it 's more likely than not that obitos chakra along with his 6 paths chakra went into kakashi as well
so i checked the wiki and it seems that obito did give kakashi his 6 paths chakra but
obito barely had any left by the time he gave it to kakashi because he did n't receive it directly from the sage like naruto and sasuke and he used up most of it while he was the juubi 's jinchuriki .
kakashi and obito were spamming kamui before they even received 6 paths chakra without any of the repercussions of the sharingan .
kakashi was feeling the effects of the sharingan and it was shown multiple times .
his stamina as a whole increased during the war not just his ability to use to the sharingan .
it was stated quite a few times that he was getting tired and despite that he kept spamming kamui numerous times without damaging his body or facing any repercussions .
a couple of weeks before the war he died after using kamui thrice but during the war he was spamming without any damage to his body .
he kept saying that he was tired and stuff but he did n't show any signs of tiring during fights .
his stamina did n't decrease it unnatirally increased ten-fold .
and like i said before i agreed with you on obito .
however that 's more of an obito thing than the sharingan in general .
he also lost an arm after getting blasted by minatos rasengan should 've killed him .
he also chopped his arm off vs danzos bodyguards with no concern .
his body is clearly different from the rest and his feats do n't apply to all people with the sharingan .
he 's naturally op because of his uchiha genes and on top of that he 's got one of the most op sharingan jutsu kamui .
and even if he 's more resilient than other uchiha as you claim that does n't explain why he was n't even showing any signs of chakra fatigue or partial blinding after spamming kamui throughout the war .
physical resilience is completely unrelated to chakra usage and repercussions of jutsu .
geez you sound like you believe pizza was invented in us .
tell me more about what i 'm doing i 'm fascinated
let me make sure i do n't have a ll what are you looking to get for it if i do n't ?
samus so thick she can rest her hands on her hips
shut up melone i need to teach that dumbass kid fujiwara a lesson
i think it was this kind of sausage with rice or grain and onions ?
considering he took apart an old printer it probably is a stepper
my oven seems to run about 100 degrees hotter than most recipes want and thus sets off the smoke alarms as it crosses the smoke point of oil .
as long as one knows their oven you are correct though .
i 'm expecting it so when they get burnt i wo n't be as sad
well it is true that music is quite devalued today .
what i offered to someone in addition to vance in a trade for hock this week is pretty silly is hind sight
ive progressed a lot this season on it mostly because i started riding 2 to 3 times a week .
should hit 50 hours of seat time by the end of the season .
it also got brigaded by a certain sub that brigades any thread that brings them up
this track has been added to the playlist 'r/hardstyle top weekly posts' available on platforms
it 's an auto updated playlist dedicated to these latest first 25 with at least 3 upvotes posts in r/hardstyle https www.reddit.com/r/hardstyle/search ? q=flair_name 22track 22+or+flair_name 22new 20track 22 restrict_sr=1 t=week sort=top .
for more playlists dedicated to subreddits and general feedback please visit r/listige https www.reddit.com/r/listige .
opt-out of post comments https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=listige subject=no 20more 20comments message=now 20press 20the 20send 20button 20and 20patiently 20wait 20for 20the 20confirmation 20message
you basically confirmed most of what i was saying the guy is semi right but people like him do n't know how to handle the situation so we can conclude that you did n't have anything of importance to add to my comment but that you do n't like my attitude to law or rather those who supposedly uphold it .
well again shut the fuck up and fuck the pigs .
i 've not had pleasant experiences with them and they have not served me in the capacity i 've wanted to and needed them to do when crimes have been commited against me my family and my commercial property as i 've explained elsewhere .
can we just toss out every variant of this behavioral interview nonsense ?
well the point is that it 's there and not completely random
i may of ate more than i should have this past weekend but i did not drink !
i ca n't wait to see how i feel in 6 months from now .
i do like the story aspect of doom 3 it was the first doom game i owned it was still pretty freaky and intense .
doom 2016 is flat out just like original doom where all you do is fight swarms of fast enemies go to the next level and do the same .
i guess it helped that i was coming from resident evil 4 at that time so i was still in survival horror '' mode and had just bought a set of logitech x-530 speakers so the overall impression was amazing .
jackson 's made for big brother he deserves the win i do n't care what y'all say
i 'm asking a question as i do n't feel like rereading the rules when i 'm on mobile .
but i was mostly just trying to be polite .
i 'm also asking a question because i might be misunderstanding what he 's specifically saying .
and how the rules apply to what he means .
'' the offender is cautioned if the offencewas an attempt to play the ball ''
that is the rule that sounds sounds similar to what the guy is saying .
but that part only matters if the ball is inside the box and a penalty is given .
your complaints is at best at the wrong person .
worst you 're implying i 'm wrong when i 'm not .
we 're doing iui now and the first thing my lovely re told me at our consultation was that i had all the time in the world . ''
i know it 'll be worth it someday the waiting just sucks .
i really appreciate the help by the way man .
miz is a little too comfortable with a pole up his butt .
first let me say that i am militantly pro union .
in no way am i critiquing unions as a concept .
the teamster 's deal at ups is that the company must take good care of drivers and in exchange the union gets a cut of wages from both the drivers and package handlers .
the package handlers get basically no benefits of the union however which is not unintentional .
they 're a larger and worse paid sector of workers and ups is more than thrilled to get to keep treating them like dog shit .
in this particular instance the union is probably doing as much harm as they do good .
the problem is that unions like the teamsters have de-politicized themselves .
it 's not about worker unity or a larger project anymore it 's about collaborating with bosses for the benefit of the union itself .
the shop near me pays minimum wage and it 's virtually impossible to make a living as the package handlers are all part time 20 hours or so generally .
this is n't even the one joke '' you fucking retard .
you mean the magnificent seven theme song composed for a very famous american western ?
i 've waited quite a few years to start building a custom pc so waiting a bit longer wo n't kill me lol .
i just ca n't believe i 've actually heard something .
hopefully everyone who ordered a red devil will have their orders roll out very soon too
was the diasporex who were also running around raiding so they could leave the galaxy ?
just tossing this into the mix but i never understood why the lordaeron forsaken would leave the alliance and why sylvanas from quelthalas would lead them .
i could see her leading undead high elves though .
i would make the lordaeron forsaken part of the alliance still with a major debate from the rest of the alliance regarding whether they fit in or not .
they are literally alliance humans that have been brought back from the dead .
some humans would accept them as who they always have been some would claim they are evil shells of who they once were .
kind of have it be a professor x vs magneto trope going on internally whether they could coexist with their fellow man or not .
especially if arthas is still around the forsaken would have to make a strong case for how they are different from his undead army .
but do n't make the ranger general from a different kingdom show up and lead them .
especially given what the hyjal zone ended up looking like .
the night elves suddenly having to deal with their impending mortality .
i would have them join the horde with the tauren alliance with the orcs bridging that thematically via the common belief in druidism .
the kalimdor horde would learn to be less destructive of nature as the nightelves teach them to live more harmonious with it .
i would have the main conflict causing these alliances to form be arthas continued campaign of the scourge taking over the world .
i would have his betrayal to kiljaeden cause demon invasions to create footholds all over azeroth .
i would probably like to see more complicated factions than just horde vs alliance .
like night elves friendly with kultiran humans and orcs but orcs and kultirans not friendly with eachother .
gay non-binary movie fan fags are the ones stealing movie jokes and being unnatural .
you do n't live in a democracy right now .
voting is rigged and the side that cheats the most wins .
maybe it will change but your political system is in a horrible place right now .
good luck the free world is pulling for you .
it looks kind of like the ones at walmart ?
i 'd guess that 's where it 's from anyway
well if they ever paint something you better say it 's the best thing you 've ever seen .
people forget how good he can be when he gets ince tim and pp time .
he 's ooking to be on a deadly avs pp
and remember jaden said that the colour pink to erys represents power and control
this game was more an indictment of poor offensive playcalling .
o'brien should feel embarrassed for keeping jacksonville in the game .
the top post on this sub regarding minimap is in favor of removing it ... . that 's the data .
you can definitely see arrows in both lanes and then all the sudden that lane ceases to exist .
i 'd say more confusion than idiocy but probably a dash of distraction too .
the biggest crime in our police is police unions .
they 're often the biggest block to accountability and they 're genuine bootlickers who give zero fucks about civilians or civilians .
with regards to every dealings with police i am an introverted asian american who does n't get out much so i rarely deal with them .
they 're just a part of the ecosystem i hope to never have contact with .
i know all it takes is one of those ones you hear about on the news to severely fuck up my day or worse .
all i see them is they 're the armed state agents tasks with enforcing laws and order written by the elite .
and yea i get what your saying every rapper wants a right hand man like that
i stumbled into this place after trying the kbbq place next door .
syndergaard is good enough pitching to nido to be the ace of the staff .
if you have a question we invite you to post on the following subreddits
r/econhw for help with homework modeling term paper ideas etc .
please see the subreddit sidebar for a link to the latest call for bureau member applications for further information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/economics if you have any questions or concerns .
given my luck i think you should be fine .
when you are changing the time on your alarm and it goes 1 hour above but you have a dumb alarm clock that only changes time forward so you have to cycle through the entire thing again to get it back .
if ditching killstreak for scorestreaks will get players to play objectives i 'm all for it .
dude i feel like this is a solid like stoner beginner tips '' .
i 'd personally add to make sure what you 're putting in is matched i had a circle of friends that i would smoke out all the time but then when it was on the other end they would want a few bucks for a bowl or a blunt 😒
just traded fitzgerald and ross for ertz because i was already done with the howard ride of shame .
i would n't discuss fetishes of any kind with someone i know irl unless they were a close friend or sexual partner .
in google photos go to hamburger menu settings back up sync .
i have a gray box that says photos videos uploaded from your pixel before 1/16/2021 get unlimited free storage at original quality . ''
the episode is from seinfeld and it 's a bet how long each person can go w/o masturbating .
kramer was the first to lose like 5 min after it started .
i do n't know the exact episode as i did not really follow the show.. google seinfeld and master of my domain and you 'll find it .
i do n't think that 's a coherent train of logic .
that takes a lot of assumption from something not typically seen in jrpgs ...
when holmes was between challenging cases he resorted to cocaine as an intellectual stimulant .
the problem is wargaming severely gimps low tier ships .
compared to how ship accuracy actually was in real life ?
when you release your thumb goes to the ceiling .
i did one beginner class and it was good but it was enough for me .
but they have 2 beginner programs in the app or like someone else said you could take anyone 's beginner classes .
i 'd take this any day over removing/installing an oil filter on a buick enclave when the engine is still hot .
i want ltm cups like they mentioned like soild gold squads and heck why not throw sword fight duos in their
to be honest if the nazi thing wasnt there it would be pretty cool
i think that this one also works extremely well because it can throw experienced players into a new situation while still not fundamentally changing everything
i 've been getting good with supersprint slide brace around corners seems to catch a lot of people off guard and looks neat .
the lesson i learned is do n't brace on corners while standing it 's bad but everywhere else it seems to be a strong advantage when used with usually high recoil weapons reduces recoil .
edit they should fix the corner bracing so that the third-person animation leans right now your character appears to be standing straight up-and-down so some polish would go a long way for corner bracing .
let 's find out how rigged the game is does the machine picking the numbers deliberately pick a number not chosen most of the time ?
that clip is the one i always think of whenever this gets reposted .
my personal favourite is ejaculating out of a third floor window .
and i say people because that is like 99.99999 of people
these ones will just hate him for a stupid racist bigoted reason .
if they ca n't be civil they do n't need to come to christmas thanksgiving or see their potential grandchildren who would be mixed .
real talk he 's the best kind of villain not limited by magic or science rules a country within reason loves defeating heroes but willing to work with them when necessary built up a mythos around the persona of doom with the doombots is very focused on a personal vendetta grand and over-the-top has bounced back from defeat many times and best of all really believes he 's the hero of the story .
all these qualities mix the classic super-villain with a compelling anti-hero and have contributed to his longevity and popularity .
that doom has become a meme only exacerbates his popularity .
what i 'd say mom and dad will get separated .
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=servers of reddit is it ok to get your attention with a raised hand ? without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i thought it was the rend tick that broke his mc .
it is a p1 on ubuntu 19.04 with i3 wm .
appreciate the ingenuity and the art of these kinds of places but do n't think that makes it inherently good '' tasting .
you may love grapefruit whilst i absolutely hate it..i do n't care if you flambéd a grapefruit in molten edible diamonds if that was a thing and served it cut into the shape of my childhood pet plated on a meteorite and covered in gold flake..i 'm still not going to fucking like that grapefruit but i will sure as hell appreciate it for the effort time and skill put into it .
also all of that is n't going to make you or most people enjoy paying 1,500 for the bougie grapefruit when you could just enjoy a nice grapefruit and salt shaker in the living room with your family watching reruns of nash bridges but you can still appreciate it .
what if krill are just corrupted mantas..that you can ride in this form
may i ask how you approached becoming female with your wife ?
the idea of a union is great they 've done great things and will continue to .
it 's the politics that kill the whole process and end up losing thousands of people their jobs for reasons unrelated to anything they 're supposed to be working on for you and your fellow employees .
bring the mcrib back to western europe but not north america .
had a friend of mine invite me to a party with him to this rich girls house and i 'm talking one percent level rich .
so we bring my friends gf and one of our other friends with us and we go to the party .
we get there and the house is fucking massive .
the place has four floors with a pool and hot tub in the backyard .
met the friends and needless to say my friends and i stood out like sticks in the fucking mud .
people talked about their vacations to milan and venice over the weekend and my friends and i just kinda hung around the wings speechless nothing really to add that was significant to their convos .
needless to say my friends and i camped out in their huge lakeside patio and just smoked the rest of the evening away from the rich crowd .
no common ground to talk about and they kept giving us dirty looks as though we were the enemy .
had n't felt so self conscious in awhile of staring eyes and the experience since then has really given me a reality check as to my place on the social ladder just based on my net worth .
the rich girl that invited my friend checked on us occasionally to offer the occasional snack or drink and always asked if we needed something and my friends and i as politely as possible would say we needed nothing .
eventually left after we ran out of kush and am never again going to any social event with rich socialites .
bearish opinions about housing cost karma on this sub .
housing only goes up a million dollar house is fine for a family making 100k ad nauseum .
i do n't know why i read that in lifeline 's voice
it 's a wonder i did n't end up dead or in prison .
i missed the time for this one obviously but my name is thor and i deal with this problem a lot .
i work in a hospital and every patient asks me one of two questions 1. are your parents big marvel fans ?
the answer to 1 is no my mom is icelandic and it 's a somewhat common name there . ''
the answer to 2 is do you want the dirty answer or the clean answer ? ''
as someone with the pats d in fantasy i 'm also glad they did n't go for the field goal .
it is one team this sub seems to forget that .
read the wiki on the 1000 1000 yard gun .
it 'll tell you everything you need to know to start googling .
i keep a lot of notebooks with me spirals and compositions .
i have lots of ideas concepts within my mind i just need to put down on paper .
i find it easier to write down important concepts if you forget it later .
i think it 's truly helpful to have a notebook with you .
god damnit i 'll edit the original because i was wrong ...
looks like some fun easygoing trails in that area .
the general plan is n't permeant shutdown bit temporary production halt .
companies would typically rather accept lower profits by treating workers better than face zero profits when all the workers leave at once .
support for guns is near an all time high in the country slightly down since 2012 .
if things were trending like you said that 'd be fine .
in 2116 a shipping container full of happy meal packaging '' which was actually used to store drugs for the mafia .
had missiles causing the white house to explode leaving ronald mcdonald in a 600 million dollar lawsuit eventually leading to a worldwide attack on ronald mcdonald .
edit eventually leading to ronald mcdonalds assassination by sniper in 2122 leading to the end of the war
two weeks in and every team in the nfc looks pretty beatable right now .
if you run at least 10 non-golem minions and get the golem nodes they give all of your golems a ridiculous more damage .
so even if they are not your main linked golem .
using at least 1 is a big damage boost .
can i have metal gear solid v the definitive edition please !
i 've been trying to get that game for soooo long and every time i get the chance lady luck just effs me over and whenever i save enough money to buy it something bad always happens and that money goes poof .
it 'll be amazing if i could win it now after several attempts .
so thanks for being such a great person for bringing happiness to multiple people !
there are only two successful '' mobas in the world .
saying most mobas '' is misleading when your sample size is 2 .
and most of their success has nothing to do with community they 've simply saturated the market .
i had never heard or seen this movie before and decided to play it this afternoon .
i will be messaging you on 2020-09-16 02:47:23 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2020-09-16 2002:47:23 20utc 20to 20local 20time to remind you of this link https np.reddit.com/r/cubers/comments/d4tgot/max_park_1540_unofficial_4x4_single_wb/f0gm5mf
10 others clicked this link https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2fcubers 2fcomments 2fd4tgot 2fmax_park_1540_unofficial_4x4_single_wb 2ff0gm5mf 2f 5d 0a 0aremindme 21 202020-09-16 2002 3a47 3a23 20utc to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
currently all found posts must be submitted as text posts and links to the image s must be contained inside the text post .
see this post https redd.it/3tzxzz for more details or to comment on this rule .
your post here https www.reddit.com/r/cosplay/comments/d4up14/found_acksonl_colossalcon_east_2019_same_day_edit does not meet this criteria .
as per usual with reddiquette https www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette please do look for the original source of content and submit that .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cosplay if you have any questions or concerns .
how bad of you do n't mind me asking ?
better then what i can do plus you did your best .
i know the situation is fucked up and this guy deserves everything he has coming to him but i 'd be laughing my ass off if my scoutmaster did that .
because they are the biggest responsible for the co2 currently in the atmosphere and refuse to take responsability for it .
congrats we hope your buds are frosty and your highs are hazy .
to submit a strain/grow review for inclusion in our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/autoflowers/wiki/strain-reviews please visit here for our template https redd.it/6mddih .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/autoflowers if you have any questions or concerns .
the buffet eats the ice armor pretty much every time it refreshes unfortunately .
hawkeye is the best option i 've found personally .
there 's basically no way to patch it unless you either let people stand on the door which would be more useful than the current clip or remove surfing which ai n't happening
either male or female there is n't any other options .
human gender is more abstract because humans are intelligent to decide despite your biological sex you can select your gender based on how you feel .
dogs do n't have that same social construct and i really do n't think people care if they call a dog by the wrong sex but people make judgments based on what the observe and how it fits into their understanding of what is male and female ... trans gender is a relatively new concept for most people and it will take a while for it to be the norm ... even homosexuality is n't 100 accepted in mainstream life and it 's a far easier concept .
it was really addicting compared to a lot of other ps4 exclusives .
i have a clean 350z for sale low low miles if you 're in mass .
i 'd be having more fun if you were sitting on my face
the frog in the well seems to have found reddit .
burkhalter rj lucas karbone digangi swanson and salinas fail cliffhanger
karson seth casey stratis guerard gillet and smith fail iron summit
note i know one of them had their result revealed in the spoiler run .
watched it muted so no idea how they did .
have you ever fallen in love or do you hope that you do some day ?
you could always use the music player you are use too and use the app tasker to write a process for that app to open on boot .
i 've been catcalled at age 13 wearing jeans and a t-shirt as i walked home from school .
i was n't aware that strippers wore full length bootcut jeans and a tie dyed t-shirt to work in .
thought i had an extremely bad stomach ache because i went to chow town after hours at the chocolate factory with a buddy who worked there .
we must 've ate 5 lbs of candy each .
the next day i felt like i was going to die all day .
i stayed home from school and my mom kept asking what was wrong .
i told her i just felt bad no idea why .
i'n my head i though i was sick from eating to much candy .
after barfing all day for no reason '' my mom forced me to go to emergency .
turns out i had appendicitis and they caught it just in time before it burst .
my candy binge was nothing more than a coincidence .
still never told my mom about the candy raid .
lol well he and lucie do n't really get along 😋
people should like you for you not your appearance .
people waste too much time on appearance they miss the important stuff
the pots are big and heavy so i ca n't put them in a bucket so i 'll give the dripping hose a go .
maybe in cetus we could have modular bows and crossbows .
then in fortuna we could have all melee types except for heavy weapons and have whips in place .
more preferably from fortuna for a futuristic design with cool sound effects
whoa i was just responding to what the person was asking .
i 'm saying i ca n't first hand tell them but i love the community .
was n't trying to rub you the wrong way .
what are some of your worst tasting words and what do they taste like ?
yeah they put this in last year or so .
horses are technically mature around 2 though should not be bred that young and zebras are sexually mature around 3½ .
if the youngster is male he wont have a chance until hes about 5 due to competition from older males .
so we could actually see more babies like this very soon .
especially if this mare the mom gets bred by the same stud .
i have literally only ever moved house twice in my life that i am old enough to remember doing and it is one of the worst jobs ever i think .
hope it has gone as smoothly as it can and you will be back reading a lot soon
not to justify this insane parent but salt is a crystal .
sketchers always break down for me in like 4 months tops .
first one got a big hole near my pinky toe .
second one the bottom is detaching from the shoes .
it 's like 60 bucks so it 's not a big deal though
never forget the past and hold no regrets for the mistakes you 've made .
forgetting the past can cause you to make the same mistakes again .
would n't let go of any but depends who are you picking up ?
i agree with your point but do want to point out that naruto became a jonin before he became hokage .
reckful was their money maker a long time ago .
this has occurred because your account has less than 500 karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cursedimages if you have any questions or concerns .
so you 're not denying that trump made the situation much worse
tfw the title calls out normies but op cant even get the meme right
and just because everyone says something a certain way does n't mean they 're right .
i ca n't see broncos giving him the same money they were before this year and cowboys have some cash to burn and backline positions to fill .
you say do n't put limes on the sidewalk or on the street .
yeah darn that rapidly falling rate of gun violence in america and the only areas it 's elevated are inner city minority neighborhoods .
the fact of the matter if the media has through project fear pretended many shootings have happened to spread fear against constitutional liberties .
not to mention these are the same folks who 'll demand to be free of criticism since the press is mentioned in the cost .
that is if you throw my ball for me i 'll make it really hard for you to get back until you ignore me then i 'll drop it and whine at you until you throw it again .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
i tried 4 times to upvoted this and failed each time
i mean that person did n't say that they 're a man .
but if your immediate thought of getting a bj was about a man then ...
you 're looking for things to be angry about .
be less triggered and maybe clean your room or do something productive with your life lol
there 's a couple of us around paging u/invaderoftech and i 've occasionally sold as well .
i could n't make it this month sadly but i 'm definitely going to be there in october .
actually i think this is the first one i 've missed since i started going again a few years ago .
my first trip was back in 2000 bought a super awesome intel slot 1 motherboard and an acoustic coupler .
still have a slot 1 around somewhere though i think this is a different one but lost the coupler in a move .
back then it was top-to-bottom in the garage but i do n't remember them using the outdoor parking back then .
my first trip back i was disappointed how small it was with just '' the parking lot then i saw the back door to the garage open .
and yeah it is sad there 's some great vendors that do n't come anymore because they ca n't get their vehicles into the garage and those had some of the most interesting items .
hey thanks for beta testing the game for us .
6 months should be enough for gearbox to fix it and then release it on steam .
wait i have to ruin things for my twin cuz i 'm jealous af of her ! !
oh and i 'm about to cry again cuz i 'm not engaged yet ! ! !
it takes around 6-8 hours to get to seal beach from the bike trail .
great exercise though and plus summer is going bye-bye so the weather will be perfect for it .
for the longest time i thought jive was die damn
this has pretty much stopped now since the mia kalifa was build in middle east .
before that though i believe the purpose of those buildings is to serve as communications towers primarily .
prominent ones are on shanghai seattle moscow and other major cities .
i see your hotline could not help you otherwise we would not be having this conversation .
fitting hope bling is practically the law anyway is n't it !
visited the factory then had a ride around gisburn years ago .
i knew buying that transmog package before even having a single aa was a smart move .
depends on the composition you 're playing against and with .
divey comps usually means caut nimble or resil are the best first buys .
peeling for dps and supports typically means you 'd like nimble or wrecker if you 're playing against a khan or torvald .
nimble to keep up and then the opposite red item of your dps .
cc heavy compositions such as atlas or vortex grip khan ?
resilience might be worth a first or second buy .
bulldozer could be a good buy if your dps or mt ca n't take care of the deployables very well .
if this is too much then usually an okay bet is just nimble rejuv then your last two is up to you usually you 'd want resil if you need it then a red card or a red card then haven/blast .
it would be empowering but that would n't stop the earth shattering reeeee ... ..
there was a few consistent teams of contestors but as you can see by the title.. did n't work out too great for them !
i was waiting a couple of years for this game and was left disappointed when it came out .
i never preorder games or buy them at day one as i always wait for reviews and players feedback to decide whether my money is worth spending .
i am glad i waited but it does n't looks like fixing the game for the switch is their top priorities .
the game is no longer hot '' as it is out for some time now and they already sold lots of copies and made their money .
looks like i wo n't ever play this game but i do n't regret is as in the current state i am not even interested .
havent read the manga in awhile is this fanart or canon ?
he could be making millions and getting help for him and his family .
try collapsing the header menu in nested items for mobile users it surely improves the ui and should affect your ranking score as well
people saying he needs lackeys i think that braun should be the long term opponent for him .
i just have to deal with everyone assuming i 'm broke and ignoring me because i 'm in a wheelchair .
i mean i totally am lol but they do n't have to assume and treat me like it .
no you stated that you dealt with these people and did n't mention them as friends how do you know that they 're good people when they make jokes about religions and then get mad at for example you for making a joke about their religions .
all of your statements have huge holes in them and you ca n't cover them .
i am not gon na discuss this issue because it 's tiring and being dragged out as much as possible .
yeah with the spool of clapton i got it was my first bunch of spools i ordered and did n't know what was good or not .
i 'll give 26 32 a try next time i order some .
the coils that came with the wasp rda and the rta were ok-ish .
but i just chucked the framed stapled clapton that came with my serpent in the wasp and the flavor is great no spitting or anything .
it 's hitting great still a tiny bit warm for my taste but i 'll keep using it throughout the day and see how i feel .
yeah thing is that 26/32 is hot as hell because it keeps so much heat a proper clapton is way cooler
probably just going to get the authentic reload s. i do n't have a problem with clones or anything but i prefer the real deal if it 's an option .
oh and it 's btw not the best dripper you really want to use it on a squonk mod
i do n't think i 've ever had 9k cash all at once .
definitely think anything above the 5k mark or maybe even lower ?
i mean technically it works just fine but its 5 years old .
i ca n't really put many apps on it .
but i probably wo n't upgrade for a while .
my entire youth and schooling trying to be a clean and honest stand-up person but surrounded by a peer group of fucking morons who brought me down to their low-class stupid level at every turn .
its like you guys are just now realizing that the chinese government is shitty and corrupt .
what if spider-man became a ps4 exclusive you effin virgin ?
you go from behind and when she orgasms you tap her with a taser and shout pika
fw was created for cris so she could be a champion there and have fights and defend her belt .
cris is no longer with the ufc but even before she left they had real problems finding actual featherweights that were n't just bantamweights after a few pizzas .
i think that de facto they already have gotten rid of fw since as this fight proves nothing is happening there .
the trend of having 2 division champs is also a bad idea when there is 10 pounds between each division so fighters ca n't just move up and down without extensive prep .
while we 're at it let 's get rid of that for the women 's divisions at least .
atomweight could be a cool way to penetrate the asian market too .
who on the existing sw roster could compete at 105 or maybe better 108 ?
not waterson since she has bulked up to 115 and her last aw cut at invicta almost killed her .
tecia her skid makes me think she 'd like the chance to compete at a lower weight class ?
yell at them as loud as you can if they 're really threatening .
this was based just on the two emily episodes remember .
so it means he has a strong chance of winning it again in 2020 .
i hope it means he becomes a proper main character as fred 's days are numbered i suspect .
but i have absolutely no idea how they 're gon na square the circle of him being a main character and june not actually having much reason to cross his path once she 's out of the house .
if she goes underground it may mean his character is sidelined somewhat in favour of new characters .
yeah it can be done quicker but im pretty casual 3 hours was fine for me .
please tell me you 've also read the light novel .
while the 'anime ' is a better adaptation than the manga it is still a far cry from the original .
so if you like the series you 're going to love the ln .
also no i have n't kept up with the series sorry !
are all those red dots different bites ? ! ? ! ? !
what i noticed is that the hearthstone streams '' recommendation area mistakenly states rdu is streaming tp 3.6k viewers when he is n't even live .
my guess is that the same bot pulls viewership numbers from twitch and it stopped .
i have a feit 32watt 3 spectrum light and i 'm on day 50 .
my 2 seedlings and clone plant looks like a day 25 on a qb i 'm still motivated in growing that budget bush and i would like some input on what i should do !
how 's the tactility between outemu sky v2.2 and aliaz 70g can you compare it or compare with another tactile you have or which one would you prefer ?
people say aliaz 's tactility is weak so i 'm quite confused .
for heaven 's sake buy a new shower head !
there 's no law that prevents you from doing it and why would management care in the first place ?
oh yes the syringe up the ass is also a good route as well .
well my boy just discovered squealing so clearly she does n't know shit .
that 's just not my type of girl but whatever rocks your boat .
christ i got dragged to the works when i was a student hellhole .
the kind of place that insisted on smart shoes and a shirt as if it would keep out the riff-raff somehow it just attracts more .
headbutt is a nice opener putting you right on full adrenaline when a fight starts stunning you foe without swapping away from you dmgset and you can chainkill by targeting the next mob with decapitate once the current one died or take gs for in combat mobility and have huge cleave which is also great in open world .
without hb you 'd need to take to the limit '' or activate the sigil .
bro i have cardboard minecraft toys and plastic minecraft toys we are so epic .
wolfe gotsis and harris are n't getting any movement .
it 's allowing qbs to step up to avoid the edge rush and rbs are getting easy 3 to 4 yards a carry up the gut .
op i dont think you know as much about cbd as you think you do
idk i kind of got that impression just from the btd cover lol
that looks like it 's going to be very painful very fast .
when aloe vera gel and calamine lotion are n't enough make some very strong chamomile tea chill it until ice cold then soak a towel in it and wrap it around the sunburn .
because let 's be honest c1 is full of monkeys .
operation selion would have never succeeded even if raf was defeated .
it would have been a pain to get supplies there and the germans had planned it as a big river crossing '' if they were succesfull in getting a foot hold the few german division there might have gotten to london .
not likely as the brits would have just retreated and the germans would have been trapped on a wet rock with low supplies .
result tens of thousand of germans killed or taken as prisoners .
i did n't say independence necessarily although i 'm sure that 's a part of it .
i dont care what people think a fact is a fact whether they like it or not
but it 's not clear that you are the one who really has much influence over how the issue is treated .
well i have no idea d guns should be your lvl tho to do decent damage .
but i was just wondering if people who changed to easy and then back have noticed anything strange .
i played trough the game just fine on normal up untill troy where all of the sudden i can not make a single mistake or i am dead
then we would have no memes to cure our crippling depression
but aang is the bad guy this show is called fire lord ''
i still think this is a pebkac type of situation .
if someone ca n't understand that a girl wants to be careful with a new partner then they 're not worth your time .
and i think the democrats or republicans for the 2020 election are all bad choices .
as a counterpoint some cluster b individuals treat animals better than people .
based on your description you chose work over her and thus you 're the deadbeat dad .
the stepfather on the other hand is the exact opposite .
i hope that your daughter cuts your toxic self out of her life .
i might go northeast of the off-leash area between the river bank and the u of s. there 's derelict farm equipment and swathed fields sure signs of fall .
the shrubbery will be red and orange by next weekend .
varmint rifle is perfect for anything that fits on the side of your horse like birds muskrats rabbits armadillos opossum etc .
use a bolt action springfield rolling block etc rifle or sniper rifle for big game such as wolves deer elk bison sheep etc .
always aim for the head or you will ruin the pelt .
for coyotes and foxes use a lever action such as lancaster .
roppongi 3k for a iwgp heavyweight tag team title shot !
i do n't know where you get your ideas from but i have n't played ql since i do n't know at least 5 years i guess ?
just pointing out that whining about how it used to be f2p is petty .
somedays i feel like a bad mom like when i buy my kid mcdonald 's or lose my patience and get cranky with my kid .
then i remember this delightful little animal and i do n't feel so bad .
i 'm interested to know what were your sources of traffic during these 2 weeks and did they change or not ...
also do you have anything else going on marketing-wise which may change the picture ?
ltwt has the same gun as t44 but better characteristics .
the armor on ltwt still better than the panther 2 .
just get the engine as soon as you can because a tier 8 light going at 40km is a deathwish .
i would stop and ask if you needed help applying more sunblock .
the best method of electron delivery is clearly bb .
has jon snow ever seen so many white people in one place ?
do you already do business on the commercial side ?
just because cardano isnt finished does n't mean its impossible to know how it differs from alternate projects .
you can compare eos with cardano smart contracts because we know what eos 's are and we know what cardano 's intend to be .
things may change but do you think they are going to move away from formal verification ?
they built the programming language just for this purpose ... .and if they did move away from it it would be to something better
when they built the burj khalifa everyone knew it was going to be the tallest building in the world .
no one had plans to build a bigger or better one and baring any disaster it would be built .
this implies that workers even the simplest burger flipper are supposed to know things like profits/losses taxation outsourcing diminishing returns finance kpis marketing market regulations etc .
either you have an ice cream stand which does n't require rocket science where everyone working there has power or every single employee including the call center girl in a more sophisticated company has a good knowledge of business/finance .
that 's why ceos exist so you can do your 9-5 job without stressing too much about taxations regulations suppliers profit/losses marketing decisions human resources etc .
tja ze wisten echt wel dat het niet helemaal legaal was wat ze deden..
een van de twee heeft in het verleden expliciet gezegd in een interview dat hij plekken op illegale wijze bezoekt voor z'n video 's
het is niet legaal wat ik doe dus soms kom ik de problemen met beveiliging .
he is keeping me updated pretty well on that shitshow and good news everyone !
multiple countries already made lootboxes and everything similar illegal .
rockstar added a casino to gta online and it had to be shut down in apparently most countries already because it is ... plain and simple gambling not even trying to hide the fact that it 's gambling and was illegal from the start in most countries xd
mostly because we are entering an election cycle and those strong words pump up the base .
please do your best to respond to commenters as they take the time and effort to read your post and give you advice .
if a commenter provides advice that is helpful please respond to the comment with the word '' helped '' anywhere in your comment .
this will give the commenter an advice point which will show that the commenter is a helpful member of this subreddit .
you can respond to as many comments as you want and we encourage it if they help you even a little bit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/advice if you have any questions or concerns .
the sentence prevent your viewers from leaving your streaming by selling merch '' is kinda ... well brutal .
to use your jrpg example final fantasy vii is a game that is explicitly about environmentalism .
even then it 's specifically about an evil corporation literally burning the souls of all life on the planet which then becomes pointless to worry about and fight against because a meteor was going to come and wipe everyone out anyway..
the main lesson to learn from coral was everything was great when we just burnt coal '' .
if you want to see more of our cr cosplays
recently went to wasabee deshapriya park 2 mins from priya cinema .
this is quite unfair mebbe i 'm too mean and persnickety just like that vertical numbered peg challenge .
just watch luke try to force fire and somehow pull it out of know where
the david luiz thread about him signing for arsenal is so satisfying to read .
i 'm using thonny btw and i do n't if it has the features
because there is no-no such a thing as a man rat thing yes-yes .
our carbon based systems are far more complex than mere 1s and 0s and we 're not built tools we 're grown .
the information on a computer is only as alive as the information printed in books .
computers as they currently exist as still tools ... does a hammer consider why it hits the nail ?
perhaps it 's possible in the future but at the moment i 'm not so sure .
i do wonder however as we experiment with biological computing methods especially 'wetware ' if it 'll create any new developments regarding potential sentience or intelligence in computers .
merging biology with technology i believe will open all sorts of interesting avenues not only scientifically but philosophically .
yes we should let criminals do whatever they want in case they commit more crimes
its only a war when the other side is fighting back ...
i reckon this person is gon na eventually fight alduin .
should n't make much of a difference since phials make the greatest part of your damage output .
dismissing what i say based on my gender by definition makes you a sexist and a bigot .
yeah never a good time for a relationship to end but right before your birthday seems like a rough go .
when i 'm feeling down and do n't have company i like to go to a movie or a concert .
something where i feel distracted but do n't feel awkward going alone .
i know it 's fun to drink on a birthday but it 'll just bring up shit rn .
weed should be fine if that 's your bag .
if you 're confident enough to restaurant it do that take a book or something to watch on your phone .
otherwise get takeout and sit somewhere pretty and enjoy the flavours .
call a friend or family member in the evening .
especially if it 's someone you do n't see often enough .
you 'll probably feel shitty during parts of it and in that case just remind yourself that your birthday is just another day and there is no expectation for it to always be amazing .
in my experience as a 100 service connected workable the voc rehab counselors are there to make sure little to none of the veterans get entitled they have a rolodex of excuses on why you wo n't be entitled and they make sure you walk out of that office saying what i need to do in order to get this benefit well let me tell you second time around my new counselor .
she said for what you want to work you do n't need a graduate degree with a high school diploma you can get that job i ask can you show me where it states that the requirements for obtaining that job are what you saying well guess what oh unfortunately our system just went down we can help you we stay in contact have a nice day like what the f are you serious ! !
the department of labor go there and said we here to help guess what same bullshit they are just there to make sure the va save money and do n't give you the hard earn benefits they should fire all counselors and have veterans helping veterans not some schmuck lady or gentleman that has never serve a day in their life and want to tell veterans how is done is outrageous
he the bad guy in the disney movies who got their parents
as someone who 's read the book of mormon a looong time ago i 'm interested in the stories from the book that have helped you .
i 'm not a believer anymore but i had an amazing copy of a copy of the book of mormon .
it was donated by an rm and had great notes and maps taped in it .
plain and simple there is not other way to look at it .
the government taking my legally owned property by force is theft and yes there will be a lot of people that will not go along with it .
you are under the impression that this will not be a violent encounter between the government and her people i think that is a short sighted view of how this will play out .
they will impose fines on those that do n't comply yep and i wo n't pay them what then ?
will they send someone to my house with gasp a gun to take my property ?
anyone that says that the 2nd amendment was created at a time when the founders could n't have imagine ar15s is lazy and disingenuous .
the founders just got done fighting a war with at the time the greatest military on earth .
they won using weapons that were equally matched to those of their enemy .
the british had smooth bore black powder guns that fires somewhat inaccurately the continental army had a hodgepodge of similar weapons some had rifles being more accurate which were superior to those of their enemy .
the second amendment was created for people to form an army against the government if it were to become tyrannical since they had done exactly that about five minutes ago to become free .
a government which seeks to remove my right to fight against it is by definition tyrannical therefore is exactly the reason the amendment was written .
robert francis will never win an election so i 'm not that concerned if the left does n't disembark form the path they are on they are going to lose a big block of the middle and hopefully never win another election anywhere .
so continue following the drunk driving furry fake hispanic irish skateboarder straight into the dumpster fire your party has become .
posted this i 'll update when i 'm banned ... ..
couple more months '' when the phone is n't broken or declining in functionality ?
r/frugal would not approve 🤣 it should last a few more years in that case literally
crunchyroll literaly caged me in an infinite ad where you ca n't skip and when it ends other one starts playing i never reached the truth since then
in particular johnsons backers have taken ca 8 billion short positions against the uk market .
there is a free print and play available with rule booklet when yoi sub to our mailing list .
from my experience the best way to get a good nights sleep is to stop caffeine around 2 pm .
i do n't watch or read anything exciting for about an hour before bedtime .
staat niet in de regels dat het niet mag .
now that the water party no longer owns all water you should probably change the rules a bit .
i just reported you to admins for that exact thing .
you have a propensity to do something and kick and scream when somebody does it back to you .
you do n't consider yourself a stalker after digging through my post history for two days ?
i now burst out into rounds of applause when my bus pulls up to a stop .
i give out hearty pat-on-the-backs to my uber driver when he reaches my destination .
i run up to asda delivery drivers approaching the front door of the house they 're delivering too to administer a powerful high-five and a woop woop !
there is a history channel documentary about the b24 raid on the refinery at ploesti during wwii .
it featured a clip from the training film the bombardiers were shown .
the film made it clear that the storage tanks are n't worth a bomb '' .
some are legitimately uncomfortable i find toyotas bad for arm friendly rest spots personally
someone should really start a puppy ambush service and charge by the minute
i do n't agree with what he said but come on
the dude led the nfl in yards last year and passing attempts
i have a feeling tommy john surgery will hinder his ability to pass like before his injury
however ban baiter over there laughing at reality would indicate that she either does n't care or is too dumb to understand what a healthy life style entails .
i do n't hate you or anybody except pedos but that 's a different subject .
trying to justify your weight rather than working on it is as harmful as the person who refuses to give up smoking or exercise .
you 're just trying to justify your unhealthy lifestyle which has somehow become the only one that seems unacceptable to criticise .
when as a society we are obese it is generally healthy and acceptable to incentivise weight loss .
it 's important to understand what a healthy weight is and to realise it can be over done but trying to deny that a healthier society is n't a thinner society when more than half are overweight is just denying reality .
it 's revered because people know it 's hard work and takes perceiverance and self discipline .
yes rapid weight loss or any weight fluctuation of weight is a cause for concern .
somebody else having a heroin addiction is n't a justification for you not to lose weight .
i do n't know what they were looking for but it was weird
i got a glitched-out rector catalyst from the vault raid that glows a vibrant blue-purple .
for regular items i collected the vault tech alarm clock harder to find as well as scorched in jar pieces .
i also have every nuka cola item you can find cup pack of cups mug bowl car truck empty bottle cola grape orange wild cherry quantum dark and shine .
you could also collect robot models or robot chess pieces .
not everyday but when i was studying and there was a starbucks nearby .
i found other sources of caffeine and less stress though .
giving randells low emotional intelligence i would n't be surprised 😂
warning if a user is trying to pm you to make a deal without commenting in your thread ignore it and report it to the moderators .
all activity for trading must start in the listed thread !
new to the subreddit and trying to learn how to do a deal ?
read here on how a deal should go down https www.reddit.com/r/fashionrepsbst/wiki/deals
you can read the rules for the subreddit here https www.reddit.com/r/fashionrepsbst/comments/cqiqrx/mod_post_read_this_before_posting_fashionrepsbst
if you have an issue please tag one of the following moderators or send mod mail
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fashionrepsbst if you have any questions or concerns .
typically they begin with a 5 minute and by the end its 30 sustained runs .
there may be sprints but it 's mostly about being able to run consistently for lengths of time .
i love how the headlines for this incident are getting less and less nuanced .
russia spreads small pox with explosion you will contract it '' is next .
i think i 'll just leave the win7 install as it is since i do n't think i 'll need dual boot for any good reason yeah ?
yeah i agree that would be super cool to have options for the way upvote numbers are shown as well as padding options for posts .
i 'm probably the most un-sheltered person you 've ever encountered on reddit .
was n't there a study out there that concluded abortion might lead to breast cancer ?
i know it 's been debunked but it 's possible that employee did n't know this or that the video is from before the debunking or even that the employee is convinced that the so-called debunkers '' are biased and does n't believe their study .
if that 's the case then the employee is n't lying he or she is just mistaken .
and yes that ought to be corrected but it does n't make crisis pregnancy centers traps disguised as abortion clinics . ''
they are all very clear that they are not abortion clinics .
so again you 're just blatantly lying about this .
either that or like the employee you 've bought into someone else 's lie .
but then you and the employee should both work to better inform yourselves before arguing for a stance on something as serious as abortion .
do n't rely on your wideband o2 at idle .
big cams have lots of overlap which will let some of your intake charge right into the exhaust and throw off the reading especially at lower engine speeds .
size the primary jets based on your mixture at part throttle cruise i 'd probably keep it a bit on the rich side maybe about 14:1 and the secondaries for about 12.5:1 at wide open throttle assuming you do n't have access to a dyno .
like hunter was super fast to train even without tick manipulation as soon as ornate turtles came out .
i still spammed all my reward exp into that skill because it was so unfun to play
between the static player base that hasnt been growing just aging the outdated and unfun mechanics so many skills rely on and more rewarding and enjoyable activities elsewhere ?
its pretty easy to see why content is dying off
interesting that you wrote a paragraph about how someone could n't know of any of the progress of bitcoin and yet can not name a single point of progress .
rocky road or die choo choo here comes the flavor train
it can be worth playing there are a lot of changes .
edit thanks for the downvotes but that does n't stop me being correct and the person above being wrong .
i have a rajinteks ophion with sf 600 psu for 80 shipped
long meaningless nostalgic story about one of these guys .
you can transition them from a state of unmeasured in super position to measured .
you can not transmit information via that as there 's no detector that says whether a particle is measured or not .
what if there 's a vor with the same identifier ?
is it just assumed that ff is to an airport ?
i 've finished every single map on cata including fow and yet the portrait i 'm most proud of is all careers legend .
it seems you have previously posted a submission https www.reddit.com/r/nyr4r/comments/d2eamv/26_m4f_laid_back_submissively_inclined_kinky within the past week 2019-09-10 20:53:30 utc so your post has been removed as per the post frequency rule .
please wait one week before submitting a new post .
if you believe your post has been removed by mistake please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnyr4r .
you should make one i 'd be curious to see what you would make .
and we could compare them id like to see everyone 's opinions .
he does yeah this is just his publicly known character for meet and greets/streams .
i feel like i tend to do all three in the same heist .
the entry plan is serious and intricate the exit plan is to cause chaos and run while the guards are panicking .
i 'm specifically thinking of an extremely memorable solo campaign where i was playing as a rogue/wizard gestalt .
the main plot had to do with being hired by the king to kill a young dragon then realizing the king was actually extremely corrupt and teaming up with the dragon to start a rebellion .
but i needed funds for the rebellion and being a rogue that meant a heist on the setting 's fort knox equivalent except it stores magic items as well as gold .
for bonus double dipping i found a group of rangers who wanted to steal a specific magic bow from the vault that was an important artifact of their order .
they even had a partial map of the vault from sending animals to scout it out .
how i planned to get into the fort alright let 's take careful observations of the guard rotation measurements of the castle and create an intricate plan using silence minor illusion misty step sleep and disguise self to replace the guard on duty in one of the towers without anybody being any the wiser .
how i planned to open the vault then the guard 's quarters shares a wall with the vault if i hypnotic pattern then i can blow the wall with shatter and block the sound with silence .
how i planned to get out by the time someone walks in and notices the hole i 'll be invisible and sneaking back to the tower with a bag full of loot .
from there i can signal the rangers to shoot an arrow with a rope on it at the wall and i 'll zip-line out .
realizes after infiltrating the guardroom and hypnotic patterning the guards that if i cast silence in the room i ca n't speak to cast shatter and wo n't have a spell slot left for invisibility
there 's an evil wizard in the castle he charmed the guards in the guardroom ! ''
stabs a guard by the vault door while they 're all running to the guardroom there 's a dead guard !
he 's in the vault get the door open before he can grab anything ! ''
how i actually got out ok quick grab the bow dump a rack of wands and scrolls into the bag of holding invisibility start running bump into guards until there 's a whole squad chasing me back up the stairs to the tower shoot a firebolt into the air to signal the rangers zip-line down into the getaway cart now the guards are chasing after us in their own cart firing crossbows at us grease the ground so they wipe out .
tl dr the mission was still a success even if i did n't get quite as much loot as i planned and the session was incredibly fun but the fact remains that my plan was to not even be noticed until i was already zip-lining out of the tower and the actual heist included one murder two chase scenes and deliberately calling the guards on myself .
i 've got a guy with relic 7 anakin in a shaak ti squad in my shard and it can be a tricky team if you do n't know how to approach it .
you have to make sure that anakin has fear on him anytime you 're taking a character below half health .
ideally your kill order is anakin 5 's rex then the other two .
it has n't given me a ton of issues yet .
conversely you can switch to a padme or jkr team and get an easy win even with a gear disadvantage .
also wondering this kupp seems like the safety blanket and cooks is the big play guy .
does n't seem like goff can support another receiver in this offense .
ah et bien s'il n'est pas un natif français alors j'aurai été beaucoup plus indulgente envers lui et je n'aurais pas dit ça du tout !
je dis ça seulement parce que je pensais que c'était un natif français ce n'est pas le cas ?
ce qu'il dit est à moitié incompréhensible même pour les natifs donc s'il est natif c'est grave !
mais si c'est quelqu'un qui apprends le français alors j'ai presque envie de dire tout va bien '' lol it 's normal to do mistakes when you learn a language yo
he 's getting an mri but until then nobody knows what the extent of the injury is
'' clearly the media hate the christian testimony and hate those who would defend the unborn and have decided that the best way to attack us is to claim we are on the side of killing innocent life . ''
so they claim we 're pro-abortion to make us seem abhorrent when that 's their side and they do n't think of it as abhorrent .
saying that something is laughable is n't rude buddy .
actually you are judged on how your personality shines as part of grading in a fitness competition and she has won a big one .
100 is such a huge milestone for so many !
your submission was removed because the title does n't conform to our rules .
please try again with a different title omitting any ages names locations or overly cringey words/phrases .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ifyouhadtopickone if you have any questions or concerns .
hey guys i 've been gone a while did i miss anything the last few days ?
for their 2 chickens that are extra demanding of mealworms .
seems op is a loving chicken owner and spoils the 2 chickens that demand it !
well those hips are perfect to get a good grip when needed
horny and aroused are two different emotions that are only loosely correlated .
we go to the frontier of the galaxy to visit fort hope where the space rangers protect us from banshies killer plants and bureaucracy in episode one and two .
the podcast exploring the forgotten and little seen sci-fi television of yesterday .
ah fair enough wasnt sure about it but knew that it existed .
in a purely free market the big negative is that poor people will not be able to afford medical care .
another negative is that health care companies have no incentive to make their goods and services cheap because cheap prices in healthcare are associated with low quality and this is unacceptable to most people in the first world .
people in the first world expect top of the line health care no matter the cost and so costs become sky high .
javascript errors would show up in the console of your web browser on the checkout page .
how you get to those will different depending on your host .
of the errors you posted above the 4th one looks like it may be close to the source of the problem .
unfortunately i 've had to remove your post as it contains info on where to buy the shirt .
feel free to repost with those obfuscated or removed .
i 'm posting it now my photo shop is n't the best
my mama used to tell me that if i ca n't id it do n't eat it .
new york islanders ... lou 's moves this off season were all stupid .
if sorokin comes over then letting lehner walk for varlamov worked .
this is really the last season to hear about sorokin if he does n't come after this season he is n't coming .
lehner gave us a career year i hope he repeats it this season .
but in general this is a pretty lateral move when you consider the goal is to lean on sorokin for the 2nd half of this contract .
unless you meant his lack of moves in which case i agree .
i still think we move a defenseman but it might be for picks instead of a forward .
exactly but blindly following the small data just because you do agree with it is just as foolish .
there could easily be a poll created and given in-game that would be much more representative of reality .
i understand the majority of cod is more casual and cod has always catered to that side but that does n't mean there is n't a relatively large amount of players that do not agree with that .
in cod 's case 90 could want the mini-map but that would still mean there are millions that do not .
this is because cod has such a huge playerbase even just 1 is likely going to be around a couple hundred thousand of players .
the producer of the show is generally who makes the subtitles .
netflix only really has the option to accept or reject them .
it 's really fucking inconsiderate of your wife to not let you know that they 're going out to eat at the very least so you know that you have to make other plans for food .
my ex husband has always taken our daughter out in my neighborhood on halloween night even while we were married i like handing out candy and seeing all the kids ' costumes .
i second the suggestion about having your so take the kids out in bm 's area .
i just started watching it for the first time recently and i was unaware that ronald d moore of bsg was a head writer and producer on it .
it 's really great and touches on many of the same themes that made bsg so interesting .
they put him there because he 's the shiny new toy
i 'm canadian and my mom was cooking supper for the family at age 8 in the 1960s because both parents worked until supper time .
i 'd argue that in north america we do n't have to go back too far to find similar stuff to this .
the great depression and both world wars definitely would have necessitated an all hands on deck response .
because turnfighting migs is suicide amd missiles have been historically the only reliable method to fight them .
recording from the pocket operator is trickier than it should be you 're going to want one of these https www.amazon.com/gp/product/b000068o3c/ref=as_li_qf_asin_il_tl ? ie=utf8 tag=enriquemart0a-20 creative=9325 linkcode=as2 creativeasin=b000068o3c linkid=ebe95f129c2e85ffe2f5449564af9856 which will send the signal from your pocket operator into left and right on your interface .
mmm that ass looks like it needs a little smack
didnt mean to talk down i used to think preventative care meant checking an early illness which it does not .
i agree our health insurance system sucks but we should not have government takeover of it .
we would lose vreat doctors and the care quality is worse .
i was overseas and went to a dr in january .
did n't lorelai end up getting married to luke in the revival ?
emily did say that once lorelai got married she would receive the gift .
but they obviously do n't seem to notice they are taken pictures of them ... . also it 's a recording right ?
knew this day would come but i do n't think i ever thought it would if that makes sense ? ! .
he 's been an absolute rock for the team and helped cement the giants as one of 'the ' teams to be part of .
i 'm old enough to have sat through the dave brown/danny kanell era and that was some tough going .
then we drafted peyton 's brother and the rest as they say is history .
its going to be strange not seeing him taking snaps and running the o. i 'm mostly sad that my son who has eli as his middle name is n't going to be able to sit with me on a sunday when he 's a little older and watch the great man play .
just surprised to not see dashy 's vegas performances on it
i think a good argument is the mayan civilisation and their culture .
if the mayans were alive today and practising human sacrifice and other archaic parts of the culture you are completely bigoted and likely racist if you do n't want them integrating with our culture let alone the religious persecution if you want them to conform to current behaviour standards .
its hard to argue that a its not racist or bigoted and b context matters .
i happen to record the process of getting this rune .
if you guys are interested can check it out at https youtu.be/5d7de7zjqxa
listen to the album is this it by the strokes .
this is actually the perfect question for me i work at a phone repair shop hear the crazy stories all day long .
a guy had an iphone 8 plus that had a crack in the top corner .
his infant daughter got ahold of the phone and chewed on the broken corner destroying the screen and the phone had liquid damage from all of the slobber .
some country kid ran over his phone with a four wheeler when it fell out of his pocket .
a guy dropped his phone into a recliner and when he reclined it crushed his phone .
their phone got stepped on by a sharp stiletto heel .
went for a run this evening and when i came back inside i guess i forgot to shut the door behind me .
me and my wife were watching tv when we heard a bark that sounded like our dogs in the street but we disregarded it .
i jokingly said i hope i did n't leave the door open my wife went to check and shrieked that the door is wide open .
i panicked and ran outside and she is barking at my neighbor who thankfully stopped his car to check on her .
when i try to grab her she sprinted down the street and tried to run in my other neighbors open garage before i grabbed her tail and got her .
she is a st bernard and has a bad behavior streak no matter how much we train her .
i 'm a firm believer of updates dont do shit other than slowing your computer down/fuck up with certain shit .
i dont even do gpu driver update too since i have an older card 1050ti
i still uses an old version of windows 7 on my gaming computer .
only because you did n't forcefully kill it with a bowl that 's about normal lifespan for goldfish and those fuckers are hungry
the article also does n't address the other costs incurred by the nbn at the direction of turnbull abbot whereby nbn co then leased telstra 's largely unmaintained and largely unfit for purpose pits for a period of possibly 99 years for the sum of roughly 11 billion dollars which exceeds the 64 billion original spend that they 're claiming to deliver .
i do n't believe they 're also taking into consideration that the fiber installations are supposed to grow cheaper over time .
so the same costs of fiber at the beginning of the project would not be the same towards the end of the project .
we got royally reamed by the coalition government in regards to our telecommunications infrastructure and we 're going to be paying for it for the next half century at least .
heads should roll royal commissions with criminal charges arvised far reaching corruption enquiry 's held with criminal charges at the end for those found in breech ...
... but we wo n't see any of that .
because australians are largely ignorant and distrusting of anything reasonably complex it-wise and will defer to three word slogans over academic and industry input .
the price was somewhat irrelevant just that it was low .
we can say 500 and it still does n't warrant the response in this thread .
and one of the characters is n't even written the same .
i spend every waking moment working or working on my website book and upcoming podcast .
you must have been in the industry vanilla lol now they say square '' and most people that meet me today are shocked when i tell them what i used to do .
i figured i would start going as long as possible without dosing and knocking off a little each time .
good luck on your situation i know i 'm going to need it !
dont mean to sound creepy it just makes me feel ... good .
hahaha i still prefer booger and doodoo over those pricks
i 'm an american raised in the south as southern baptist .
what people sign up for is the group experience .
it 's like a sightseeing trip with a docent .
you pay your money sit on the bench and do as you are told .
when it 's over you have a nice lunch .
people with lots of problems might read the book hoping to find guidance .
or they might be a nerd that asks too many questions which means they are already on the path to becoming atheist .
so do they play minkah at cb or s ?
i used to have a couple of pet crawdads !
i 've been getting all sorts of free stuff with it .
as a higher level it 's great to have something to grind for again .
and i appreciate that they did n't make you buy it outright .
i was able to purchase it with gold i earned through daily challenges .
and they just traded their first round pick for a safety lol !
was playing smash bros and i beat my opponent by splashing him off the ledge with villager 's watering can
i think there is some adjusting during the race to make the best possible show .
if a team is generating a lot of good dialogue or otherwise is interesting to watch but has a bad leg i think the producers might make the leg non-elimination to give them a second chance rather than boot an interesting team .
some of the teams are fairly boring as reflected in minimal air time for the boring ones .
i think the producers want to give the more air-worthy teams additional chances to stay in a little longer and maybe knock out a team of duds at the next pit stop .
ever notice which ones come in last but do n't get eliminated ?
there 's a good share of interesting teams among them .
further thoughts on this sometimes there 's an extra clue envelope at a clue stop or an extra set of equipment laid out for a detour .
for example the last episode of s4 there were three teams left but four of everything .
i think this is more evidence the producers want to have leeway in case an interesting team is about to be eliminated .
they can keep in an extra team allowing them to last a little longer and maybe survive .
the nazgûl are not dead and neither are they undead '' in the modern sense of the term .
they are not ghosts or spirits they are living human beings with hearts and legs that can be shivved by plucky hobbitses and so forth .
their lifespans have been unnaturally extended and they have become invisible but they are made of flesh just as any other human .
otoh when the witch-king falls tolkien writes of his undead flesh and he does n't leave a corpse .
shapeless they lay now on the ground torn and tumbled and a cry went up into the shuddering air and faded to a shrill wailing passing with the wind a voice bodiless and thin that died and was swallowed up and was never heard again in that age of this world .
no other blade not though mightier hands had wielded it would have dealt that foe a wound so bitter cleaving the undead flesh breaking the spell that knit his unseen sinews to his will .
so saying they 're just long-lived invisible people is n't obviously correct either .
also ... how long have you been weight training ?
you could just be losing fat and gaining muscle .
always best to go by pictures or the mirror .
of you 're not happy with how you look in the mirror it wo n't matter what the scale says .
i mean fletch caddyshack and vacation are really good movies .
no double team or chip block on garrett ? ? ?
maybe i 'm crazy but falk ... has n't looked too bad ?
knows when to get rid of the ball passes have been generally on target ... receivers have been dropping shit tbh and ol is struggling
i 've always said i will convert to christianity the second i see evidence of god 's existence .
i 've always found it curious that if he does exist why is he is so cryptic and vague and hidden ?
le'veon is still the best running back in the nfl .
a game like this has showed me all i got to see
im like 20 hours into it it 's fine .
menu and inventory stuff can be a little laggy but nothing game breaking at all .
some good old school borderlands with great humor and insane weapon diversity .
then again i do n't know what sumatto is .
i think benigno is just numb at this point .
saying you 're being intentionally obtuse is n't an insult it 's pointing out what is clearly happening .
how many times is garrett gon na come off the edge unblocked ? ?
her passing was very peaceful but i 'm so lost without her .
stu macdonald of bend buys oregon lottery tickets every week and every week his wife claudia tells him to get the winning ticket . ''
she forgot to tell him on september 7 the oregon lottery said https oregonlottery.org/about/press-releases/release/2019/09/13/bend-cancer-survivor-wins 4.6-million-oregon-s-game-megabucks-jackpot .
but he ended up buying a winning ticket worth 4.6 million .
'' i am a very lucky guy '' he said in a statement .
seeing a bit of positive news to even slightly offset the negative is worth noting .
ya i probably should have mentioned that and ya that would have been a nightmare with no proof still is but hay.. thanks pal
god gives us as many second chances as we ask for in this life but nowhere does he say that means we do n't have to live with the temporal consequences of our past actions .
our actions have consequences and for utterly heinous acts i see no reason why life without parole should n't be one of them .
two hours is the sweet spot for a weekly show .
the guys at s-line motorsports are vw experts definitely give them a call
it made me soooooo tired that for half of the next day i was dragging and wanted to be in bed .
probably i took too much and you did n't take enough !
you 're on reddit and do n't like reading ?
serious question do you think mls would be as popular if the supporters groups did n't create the atmosphere they create ?
if they did n't exist i have a feeling most stadiums would look an awful lot like mls 1.0 .
have you ever tried to put handcuffs on a piece of shit ?
it does n't really accomplish much other than covering yourself in shit stains .
i always wondered what happened to boosie besides staying in mo when insert falconer here moved .
i 'm glad to see he is doing well what 's he up to nowadays ?
absolutely im bobdigital2016 if you want to invite when you 're on
honestly do n't let it get you down man .
feel free to visit r/baddragonbst i do my best to make sure content posted is legitimate !
do n't worry about the nuts they 're the size of boomerangs
let me know when it 's available for purchase .
how can people not see how much money they are throwing away ?
i thought i ate out too much by eating out once a week and keeping it under 20 for the family .
how can you complain about student debt and housing prices while spending hundreds a week on eating out and drinks ?
if you have the money to eat out every day you can pay off debt and save for a house .
do n't the dolphins realize this will help to make sure we get two more losses in the tank race ?
and if they call me idiot i ask why ?
they tell me to farm and i farm if they tell me to go too i go
but i get it i have 4 reports and 11 commends and 1 abandon notice the cms because is asked for it.🙂
i can live with the lag spikes non pro ps4 split screen coop but i 'm sure the few bugs i 've seen mostly lag spikes sometimes missing menu interactive and sometimes residual menu options staying on my screen will be fixed/improved after the game is out for more than ... a week ?
i 'm running it as a home server without a battery so it does n't have to charge it all the time eating energy so in case of a power failure i want it to power back on .
the temporary solution i found is to plug the battery and set a charging limit to it .
my job requires me to know cpr i came in one morning to begin my shift and got a call for a code blue medical emergency just moments after grabbing my equipment to sart the day well anyway i walked in on a lady hunched over unable to move gasping for air not much i could do but watch her as i 'm only certified in basic first aid cpr aed .
in front of her mother and i she took one last gasp and went limp .
i escorted her mother to the other room before she realized what had just happened and told her everything would be fine .
i came back and knew she needed cpr i have never in my life performed cpr on a real person and was the first time i saw someone dead i 'm only 20y i immediately started cpr and ended up breaking her ribs on the 3rd compression .
i know cartilage cracks and such but no i broke her ribs she suffered from severe anorexia .
i was told she had a pulse again by the time she left to the hospital via ambulance i feel incredibly proud for it and my hats off to you first responders out there .
please do n't hesitate to help someone in need and remember use bee gees stayin ' alive 's rhythm on those compressions
edit i also did n't know that about 80-90 of the time you break ribs and such while performing cpr
i 'm sorry op you have a bunch of annoying people calling you out for the skin not being 'actually free ' .
if you 're paying for a service and they toss in something you 're not expecting it definitely counts as free .
fuck the things i would do to that sexy little body
i always tell authors that i 'd rather wait for their best work .
laser eye surgery is not appropriate until your dryness is well controlled .
i do n't fault people for enjoying that stuff as i can see why but it 's just not for me .
depending on how long ago it was you may not owe it at all .
it 's up to the collection agency to prove you owe the money .
its fake and gay this is an old repost like 5/6 years ago it was done by hardware moving company that didnt understand concept of unplugging ethernet so they slashed all of them before moving to location .
was also really drunk so i guess i was faded . ''
2nd time i smoked i was at a tech n9ne concert and got really paranoid .
people kept bumping into be and were lowkey freaking me out .
on the bright side at least i 'm useful !
the problem is it 's very hard for me to have female friends .
reason because when i like a girl and she 's attractive i will inevitability want to have sex with her ... not speaking on behalf of other guys .
if a girl is kind and caring enough to listen to me patiently .
that is what makes me fall in love with someone .
i will inevitably become attracted to them and either a have to contain my feelings to keep from damaging the relationship or b move on if rejected because just being friends will be too emotionally painful .
i assume guys like me are the reason the old adage men and women ca n't be friends exists .
i 'm a good friend'-and it 's a shame that i ca n't have more female friends but it always ends in heartbreak for me and confusion/loss for her .
i feel like a lot of guys feel the same way .
therefore they only pursue female friends as a pathway to courtship .
their best true '' female friends just kinda fall in their lap .
if most guys are like me being just-friends '' with a woman can quickly become uncomfortable .
and if she is not receptive to it it leads her to wonder things like i thought we were friends why is he acting weird ?
was he just trying to sleep with me this whole time ?
why does n't he want to be friends with me anymore ? . ''
i avoid putting female friends through this by just not seeking any out .
however consider this people all people are biological computers if you do not accept this premise we can not discuss further as this is commonly accepted scientifc fact .
all people are programmed '' i do n't really like this term because it 's not the most accurate but close enough in one way or another .
most people are programmed to have fear desire food use the bathroom ... etc .
barring disease and/or health problems biological men tend to be programmed to produce copious amounts of ejaculate and women tend to be programmed to ovulate roughly once a month .
but guys like me i guess i mean my personality ?
are programmed to be protectors lovers guardians and supports .
when i become friends with a girl unless i get all possiblity of a relationship crushed at the beginning ie .
she is committed or i get shut down before developing feelings at a certain point my love of her as a friend will grow into a love of her as a partner/mate .
and there is in my opinion nothing more emotionally powerful than the love of a man for his mate .
except for perhaps the love of a mother for her child .
rejecting a guy that has solidified you as a mate '' in his mind is devastating to him .
many men have killed themselves and/or other people over less .
in fact several mass shooters have noted such rejection in their manifestos https www.google.com/amp/s/www.latimes.com/opinion/story/2019-08-04/el-paso-dayton-gilroy-mass-shooters-data 3f_amp=true
but i feel like as many people as possible should be made aware of this .
just try to be kind and empathetic to the feelings of someone who has grown inconveniently attached .
say no '' and it 's not going to happen '' clearly .
if you would never consider a relationship with that person destroy all hope tactfully .
food for thought love each other as kindly as you can .
this goes for everyone not your fault '' does not mean not your problem to solve '' .
i stated all of this as a possible explanation for why the guy at the root thread possibly does n't want girl friends .
in my mind and i presume the minds of most men a girlfriend is a mate and a girl friend is a friend .
if i have another warren troll come on here and tell me she is the one i will explode .
she is now the one for big oil and no real changes .
if you are afraid of discussion i could never vote for you .
i do n't really know much about that speeder chase .
that 's just a piece of the puzzle i have n't found a place for yet .
even though this outline is updated and expanded it should n't be read as comprehensive .
there will certainly be more updates as time goes on .
i could n't care less what you think or know .
be gay or lesbian cause you want to be different .
oooof andrews is by far the most valuable here .
actually this is really common when one partner is moving close to work and the other is moving farther away from work .
she should n't have to quit her job for a move .
if he did n't want to chip in then he should have found an apartment in the middle of their commutes .
just wondering how the hell do you think you know better than the guy piloting a helicopter with a daisy chain of chop saws hanging from it ?
chris edgerly the voice actor has said this was intentional and to keep an ear out for more in the future .
i hope that 's what you wore underneath that cute dress😏
mind talisman mind tiara for making mind runes with teleport .
you do it with respawn teleport in pvp worlds entire process becomes left click and quick banking .
sorry i do n't have an answer but i do have links to share which helped me through our public folder migration woes .
i have thielen boyd tyrell in 12-team 0.5 ppr .
people do n't give much of a shit about first party exclusivity anymore .
i get what you mean i 've lost more money today than i 've earned .
i hate these guys in their oppressors blowing my shit up .
do you guys just like not realize how incredibly creepy and disrespectful it is to take pictures of strangers
dude has said increased co2 emissions are great because it helps plants grow .
i dont think i 've ever laughed so hard at a glitch before .
on the other i like kyle crick a whole lot more now .
she said she 's tired of touring that 's why dates are so limited and why she 's doing festivals as these are attended by hundreds of thousands of people .
basically since her career started her schedule has always been album/promo/tour so she 's tired .
and it 's obvious that in 2021 we 'll get full stadium tour to promote new album and i guess ts8 .
everyone please be respectful to u/bustycrow he learned a trade so that means he deserves it .
not sure what you mean by good emotional action '' but if i understand correctly than golden time is a good one .
great romance with fun adult characters so not much high school-type drama and there are serious emotionally dramatic moments that will leave you in suspense .
its more about reintoducing less-nerdy populace to space operas again than about impressing platform ceos .
also as adding up to my point i have a family member who enjoys serious political shows and some tbbt occasionally .
he started watching dsc and having general interest in st he was never interested before as he had only seen kelvin films after a light space opera sitcom which is the orville .
reading this look at the clock it 's 11:11 !
i always am thankful when i see them because i know i 'm on the right path to getting everything i want !
she 's the prime example of why youtubers should stay on youtube .
cv joints for the win lived in mt drive a subaru gl back in the day .
i also like when they 'pander to a demographic ' .
eh i find it more of a negative than anything .
are there remakes in media that have improved upon the original ?
in video games people speak fondly of the remakes for crash bandicoot and spyro the dragon .
i ca n't think of remakes within tv shows and remixes in music are supposed to be different imo .
although at least growing up there was n't much of a demand for remixes yet when they came they were well received .
ghostbusters ... i think failed upon doing better than the original movie which everyone compared it to not ghostbusters 2 .
people can want something but i do n't agree that putting stuff out without a care does well for a product overall .
how do i make my point made that i do n't want to receive more benefits or salary and that i 've made up my mind about what i want to do ?
no thank you this new job is a great opportunity for me and i 've made up my mind . ''
if you like you can thank them for hiring you and giving you a good work experience shake hands and walk out .
you control the meeting and can leave at any time .
i really do n't know if it 's fear mongering when the reality shows that more and more streaming services pop up all the time .
and it does n't seem like there 's a way to stop it now that every other network studio or whatever wants their own platform .
re damage deposit ... .yeah it was something odd that i just read in passing .
i 'd never hand over keys without a deposit .
yeah well they do n't even wan na do stuff like this anyways ... ..
they hate people having to pay extra to meet them and to pay extra for experiences like this so i doubt they had any say in what happened .
i 'd have just been happy to have even gotten this experience at all
you will be able to create a new submission in 4.35 hours
well his last scene with sansa it shows he did think about it .
admittedly he was drunk and threatened a 12 year old girl at knife point with death and rape does n't look good .
the developer really did do an incredible job with this app .
i honestly do n't know that my group would 've continued playing if we had n't started using it .
the setup/tear-down time is so bad with the core components that it becomes difficult to set aside the appropriate time during the work week .
multiple varied reasons that are mentioned in the fic itself but can be partially summarized as harry is a traumatized self-sacrificing 14 year old boy and is not thinking clearly . ''
i like the fic for its worldbuilding and lack of character bashing but it 's not a pinnacle of literature .
it 's mainly just a fun read for me .
i did n't lend them any money because they did n't ask for any .
actually here 's another article which covers the same stuff but free see the starry starry nights at the uo 's high desert observatory https around.uoregon.edu/content/see-starry-starry-nights-uos-high-desert-observatory
i will look at that for the future thanks .
posts looking for a game should have either the online or offline tag in the title .
please consider deleting this post and reposting with the proper tag to help players find your game .
check the side-bar for other tag formats that can help narrow your search for players and gms .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lfg if you have any questions or concerns .
a nice psa for never being alone in public .
if you really hate reading stuff you 've already seen i would at least read a few pages to see if it was a chapter already adapted and skip them .
also i would at least read the fireworks chapters again even if you are skipping i think the manga did those slightly better .
r/kaguya_sama has the best place to find the manga both the best official and best unofficial places .
but beware spoilers are absolutely everywhere if you are n't careful .
i would link the unofficial site but i do n't think that 's allowed on this subreddit .
certainly the first draft could be done within 3 or 4 months .
your questions have been covered multiple times in other comments .
and your wording is absolutely defending the us system well if it 's so good why does she have to come here '' is your tone .
and you seem unaware that other nations cap drug prices .
i mean your questions have been answered it is n't on me to restate it all .
what kills me is they have to make a profit '' sentiment .
even by capping prices they would still make insane profits .
there are only a few mega-corps that even handle rx drugs for most part .
their research is often tax payer funded as well .
the 2million is because the us system is broken and unfortunately the eu has n't approved this fairly new drug yet .
also noone is arguing uh would make them cheaper to produce .
my daughter had a mole removed from her face as a baby because they were afraid it might be cancerous .
they removed roughly the size of a quarter from around her cheek .
and if you are very concerned with appearance and that 's okay see if you can talk to a plastic surgeon about the surgery .
the formula for how to design stairs in order to make them safe to walk up and down on was calculated in the 19th century .
i think this architect just divided the height with the number of steps he could fit if each step was wider than a foot .
take her to the dentist get the work done and dare her to try to do anything about it .
take you to court for getting much needed dental work that she wo n't get done for her kid ?
look if everything you said here is true you need to document document document and you need to go back for custody .
try mediation first if you have to but this is unacceptable .
he wo n't have to pay child support if he has her full time and that 's what she needs .
either way they 're not going to base child support on her not making jack because she ca n't hold down a job they 'll do some sort of income potential assessment and impute an income to her assuming she 'll eventually be employed .
get a better fucking lawyer the fact that you do n't have full custody already is batshit unless these behaviors are just recent .
always remember that even a custody arrangement should n't interfere with your child 's best interest .
in other words if you 're doing what 's best for her and can defend it in court do it and dare the other parent to object .
i would n't rely on this woman to do anything if your description is accurate .
really bugging me that i typed 'being ' rather than 'begin ' .
i 've been working on it myself but it 's not going so good .
fortunately we have some medications that can fix when your mind is broken .
i forgot about the other wol that was saved so thanks for the reminder .
i do n't think it 's possible to save the 13th though and even if we somehow reversed the void the souls would still be gone save some plot device .
i felt lonely like i was always the one starting conversations .
eventually i got a girlfriend and that boosted my confidence .
i 've been with her 5 years and we have a beautiful daughter .
i never have those kind of thoughts anymore i 'm glad to be happy and i 'm very lucky
op you 're doing it wrong that bowl is supposed to be full of some neon-coloured cereal that has five different forms of sugar in the first half-dozen ingredients not some sort of nasty muesli turds that only old fuddy-duddy grown-ups eat .
anyone with half a brain can see that even in the regions ai n't no fucker letting that bus in .
they run on tight enough margins already that ive never seen a bus on time past 10am theyd be even more fucked if they waited even one minute any time they had to pull back into traffic .
someone is trying to slip the ancient curses into osrs eh ?
in the court proceedings the talky barrister guy representing gina miller 's side is relying on a binder of files whereas the justices are using electronic versions on their laptops .
apparently they have more pages than he has so none of the page and tab references correspond .
my experience is that separate beds are better than a shared bed snoring blanket hogging wrong temperature wrong mattress firmness etc if marital happiness is the goal ...
even the old one is amazing but this is on a whole new level i just wish to be able to put down a custom marker and moor the ship there so i can use my modded-in player home for that .
i just started rereading the series for the 4th or 5th time and had n't heard of this .
i 'm praying they do n't f it up .
this has been debunked many many times by credible sources weight lifting does n't stunt your growth lol .
my point is that hiring processes and sex are two completely different non-comparable things
that 's rather above average in both length and girth ...
the moogle presence in vi is very reminiscent and nostalgic for me .
so moogles in caves of narshe are my fondest memories .
moogles narshe ultros zozo gau and the veldt and the magitek factory are what bring the nostalgia hard .
and for some reason umaro even though i never used him .
changing anything about a class is class balancing not qol like automatically dismounting .
you are wrong you are desperate one and i laugh at you for how dickish you are about it .
good players regress once they join manchester united post saf era .
you may want to go back to an inpatient rehab .
k you fly that jet without using this setup first .
you replied in half a second you did n't even bother reading and have an entire account dedicated to replying to anyone who disagrees with your viewpoint .
what 's the source of this meme i 've never actually found it
i ca n't find anything official online to share that with the owner and manager .
i always thought there was some baking in the file to better suit a particular way of rendering skin .
which apparently pleases a lot of people but not me .
i prefer the so-called harder to work with starting file i have with sony .
at the end of the day i think digital should mean neutral since you have all the latitude to color grade and stuff afterward .
yep because one of the two of us does n't use that platform anymore .
it depends on your definition of losing contact really because in the same way you might have struggled to find somebody 's new address or phone number of they 've moved you 'll struggle to find someone 's username on whatever platform they 're using now unless they 've used the same email address and you can search for that ... and you knew it in the first place .
if i wanted to talk to my old school friends yes i could reactivate facebook but that does n't mean they 're suddenly going to be using it themselves .
the name is there i can throw words at them whether they 'd ever come online to receive them is an unknown .
i think that means my only option is acceptance .
try to find peace and happiness in the life that i am signing myself up for .
treasure the good and find healthy ways to cope with what is lacking .
it sounds like you have a lot to be grateful for and i 'm sure you can find peace and joy in acceptance .
i would advise you to get a base model 15 inch macbook pro as the price difference between a maxed out 13 and base 15 is small .
you get a 6 core cpu standard 16 gb ram and a dedicated gpu and a bigger screen .
i do n't know why people always say that the 15 inch is n't portable it certainly is .
the weight difference is n't that much and the new 15 inch macs are as light as the last generation 13 inch macs .
taiwanese 臺語 is originally called by japanese in japan colonial era .
in fact taiwanese is official language which you can hear it from taiwan 's public transportation .
however mandarin 國語 is de facto official language instead of de jure official language .
since democratic progressive party 民進黨 regard mandarin as beijing dialect 北京話 which is foreign language in their opinion .
so dpp puts effort to block mandarin out of the official language list .
ich finde das schon in ordnung dass hunde etwas kosten .
stellt ja auch eine deutliche zusätzliche verschmutzung dar und platz nehmen sie ja auch weg .
a system of positive votes usually anything 97 is decent 99 is very reliable .
it 's still worth reading the negative reviews while keeping the high value in mind .
like you say most reviews are written in extreme circumstances but i 'd still like to know if every single negative is shit chinese fake '' or took 3 months to arrive '' or whatever .
this is me watching you do it every game .
while i agree that echo chambers and a hive mind '' are bad you were n't calling someone out for being delusional here .
you were completely unprovoked and shitting on the community that you 're a part of .
i think about this every time i see someone complain about climate protesters blocking roads and such .
it 's an incredible sign of the protesters ' faith in humanity that we are only seeing relatively civil protests .
they still believe that it 's possible to change peoples ' minds and fix the future via protest and debate .
if the naysayers and complainers actually manage to convince the protesters that blocking roads is n't going to accomplish anything the result wo n't be that the protesters give up and go home .
they wo n't just shrug their shoulders and accept a climate and humanitarian disaster .
no you can not be a nazi we had a war about it
nonagon infinity and i 'm in your mind fuzz are great albums for metal fans .
gary gygax was in his 30s dave arneson was mid-20s .
just got it this morning tinker/shibata tank 180mm aogami super with stainless clad its way heavier than i thought it would be actually even heavier than my chinese cleavers but its perfectly balanced i 've only cut some carrots and onions so far but i 'm super impressed !
if i could makke you cum as much as i did watching this we would both be satisfied .
i 'd imagine that if you find a parcel forwarding that offers a polish address you will save on costs though .
i do n't use such services though and ... for polish address i do n't need it in the first place so you 'd need to look on your own .
i do n't like the way the league is trending with these young players .
aux dernières nouvelles l'homme a survécu à la dernière ère glacière aujourd'hui on a la technologie pour savoir ce qui va se passer dans quelques décennies pour nous préparer au pire .
he also made out with megan fox ' box on the set of transformers what a legend
nta if you two had this agreement then your ex has no ground to stand on .
stick to your guns and do n't let your ex dictate who your child gets to meet .
if they 're allowed to cancel your days together you also have that right
i just started my 2nd read since so much happened at a quick pace .
but for some reason as much as i like the character and think his story arc is incredible i 'm still not buying into lysander as he 's near the level of intelligence as the jackal/octavia/etc .
i keep getting the feeling everything will blow up in his face at any given moment .
maybe it 's the pov throwing me off since we can actually see his thoughts unlike previous characters but maybe my mind will change after this re-read .
edit to add to what i meant i never get the feeling that lysander is in control of the room despite his incredible wit like i have with characters like the jackal and darrow .
links '' also alles was näher bei der mitte ist als extrem-rechts halt .
at india accelerator you get lots of amenities and facilities like cafeteria 24x7 access high-speed wifi office stationery energetic environment special event printer facility and many more .
at ia you will get a chance to meet like-minded startup founders and community .
i know the situation is a bit weird with all the different versions of the game but i figured we 'd still be behind japan .
yeah i 'm sure there 's good players out there but they 're pretty goddamn rare to find in a pug .
people make fun of the easy '' bosses in classic but most of them ca n't even handle their own threat i 'm glad there 's no other mechanics for them to worry about honestly .
id research sacred sex we as a species although totally perverted at this time are headed back to it .
its all about the power of two humans coming together conciously aware of sexual energy .
the act of ejaculation is in conflict with sacred sex as is lust and desire .
punch me in the stomach and call me sasha what in the name of all that is good is going on here ?
i meant the kick that is what you ca n't start from neutral
i bought the same thing and got equally as upset .
have n't seen it here yet but guild wars 2 has some beautiful locations .
i have n't played much but my favourite 4 are
that does n't seem legal to me as a american .
iirc they skip basic training now and just make recruits watch police academy 1-6
my camp is n't makeshift per say but it is n't what i want it to be .
i 'm currently playing as a diehard firebreather and want my base to be a safe haven for other fire breathers and the other types of responders .
hopefully i 'll be able to find the metal wall plans soon so i can finish my base up .
world of back biters with head up in lock .
i should know lol build your own fucking kick ass pc and down load no mans world sail away —
it 's never too late man hold in there you 'll find like-minded empathetic people soon enough highschool is typically a cesspit of humanity college university is when things really start kicking off as a few folk here have said .
18 is a brilliant age you have the whole world out there and enough time to see some pretty damn choice parts of it .
ofc it 's never that simple and i 'm not going to waste your time with empty platitudes but just trying to find the things that make the struggle worth it to you as an individual will do wonders a beautiful existence is out there waiting for you .
it gets better that might be hard to hear take in right now when things are rough but it does get better .
women 's clothing frequently fits me better than men 's clothing even before any hrt changes .
the nightmare i had trying to find a single dress shirt that actually fit me in moore 's and similar stores before i transitioned was insane .
and the one i found was still too long in the arms .
women 's clothing stores always have stuff that fits me in contrast .
huh so the floor dominos get installed right away then ?
i 'm a cam girl and i 've never had a difficult time dating .
most of the dudes i 've been with think it 's hot actually .
just keep your head up girlie someone will come along that is n't total trash it just takes time .
your post from modernwarfare was removed because of 'frequency guidelines '
hi u/dark_phoenix00 posts which approach a topic from a new angle or offer something new to the discussion are allowed .
a post may be removed if it covers the topic from nearly the same angle as an existing post .
the full description of this rule including examples can be found on our rules wiki https www.reddit.com/r/modernwarfare/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/modernwarfare if you have any questions or concerns .
your saying the pixel art style is a downside to terraria compared to minecraft ... ?
ever had a look at the textures in minecraft before ?
there will always be great numbers of people doing that one latest thing that ensures that they are unique .
all the same thing at the same time of course .
i dont care how old i get fart jokes are always going to be funny .
if i was the doctor i would have just farted right back at him .
the most complicated dylan songs on guitar are his finger picking stuff tangled up and like a rolling stone .
you can play times are a-changin only if you 've been playing for a few months alongside it ai n't me babe knockin on heavens door hard rain super easy any and all of his blues .
absolutely anything on blonde on blonde except rainy day women tbh .
if you do n't want to dive into the more orchestral pieces yet try shelter from the storm really easy e b a progression throughout or desolation row which is only those 3 in a different order .
no one is easier to imitate on guitar than the person who made acoustic singer-songwriters a cliché
be happy of the time you had together and move on .
i had mine at room temperature for a while .
after a half year i had to double the dose in order to achieve the same effects so i assume it lost around half of it 's potency .
that makes a lot of sense is that something that we see in the comics/somewhere like that or just hear about ?
and if that supports the idea that he did n't get his soul from the giant then what is going on there ?
my 6 foot girlfriend gets so much unsolicited attention by creepy dudes as well .
makes me want to stay in rather than fight all these dudes off .
i 'm like ... no he actually happens to be a rational human capable of making his own decisions
just because technically some people go by the nickname dick does n't m an you can live consequence-free calling people dick .
i 'm all for op refusing service for whatever they want especially if it 's because they physically can not service them but maybe just be remotely aware of your environment .
again i do n't think op is ta for calling them a dick but it 's definitely unprofessional and reactive
it 's easily doable but such a pain with the clock ticking to !
i think this game could tear out an entire chapter from mtg and it 'll become a vastly better game .
i have an idea to bring constructed into the division as a total replacement to normalization even though that 's almost gone in the pts .
you probably give the best advice to depressed people because you 've experienced it first hand
140 has to be the weakest heal in the game so adding 10 to that ... it 's nothing .
before it was 30 and it was n't amazing then either .
my parents are both in heart failure but i 'm lucky enough to have a boss who is supportive and has my back even if my co-workers do n't .
he 's not asking to play the game early or get special access to pre loading .
he wants to be able to pre load the expansion if we will be able to pre load it .
he 's worried that he wo n't be able to pre load it when/if we can .
i 'd love to slide my hand just a bit further down in the onesie 😏
you have to subsidise low paid workers or they 'd have nowhere to live because as you just said private renting is expensive .
and you might not think you 're anti-social housing but your comments betray that whether you realise it or not because your suggestions would cost the lowest paid their shelter in favour of richer people .
what you seem to be suggesting you want if you support social housing is that we need ensure people are paid a better wage to massively reduce private prices rather than increase social prices and increase funding into the social housing market .
perhaps not letting people own huge portfolios of property would be a good start .
that sub has been referenced a disturbing yet predictable number of times in this thread .
it 's happens more to black people because more black people are poor not because they are black .
that 's the issue it becomes a race thing when it 's a poverty thing .
difference is poor white students are seen in a better light than poor black students .
might aswell wear a trashbag with a picture of the twin towers stapled on .
my epiphany was getting called a nazi for saying that i do n't agree with letting the state police offensive content on the internet .
a surprisingly good player lets hope he is mature enough to get used to being hyped .
also watched rebel media and gavin mcinnes thank god i do n't anymore
everyone leave the poor girl alone she 's still waiting to go camping when her brother gets back from buying milk .
i know this is late to the party but maybe a slightly different perspective .
something similar happened to my husband at his half-brothers wedding .
they grew up together and had been close for years and pretty much got cut out of the wedding .
it 's about a year later now and we are all starting to realise that brothers wife is pulling all the strings and probably emotionally manipulating him .
it kind of sounds like for whatever reason your friends wife decided she does n't like you and he 's choosing between her and you .
in the least i 'd talk to him separately and be honest about how hurt you were .
it was super hard to read i can imagine how absolutely awful it all felt .
first we insulate it then we wrap em with aluminum pipes.. these are pipe lines are for housewarming system on top of a apartment complex
i think the key thing here is the home made black powder .
home made stuff unless you ball mill it a lot tends to burn slow enough that this sort of thing is possible .
real good black powder would blow up with the level of confinement ...
i actually have n't dealt with good black powder ever so i do n't want to make big claims about things i have n't experienced .
but hey if it works for you and you stay safe ... stay safe please .
homemade fuses are n't a thing i like to use either any more so when i run out of my 'good '' ' fuses professional but they still let me down i 'm unsure what i 'll do .
i have bought four edh precons in the last month 3 from this year and lord windgrace from last year .
now this makes me think the whole uk situation is like dr phil in scary movie 4
not trying to be unpleasant it 's ha**c**king '' not haking ''
kind of a tangent but i feel like this is obvious enough that it should n't really need a source ?
how many people these days own both a smartphone and a point-n-shoot digital camera and regularly use both ?
just saw another post that said you need to switch sessions then it should work .
you can be attacked at any point throughout your route it 's fairly random .
it 's normally fairly easy to avoid interdiction by npcs though and if they catch you just jettison what they demand of you .
the only thing this reminds me of is that level where you had to dodge that crap in james bond on n64 ... smh
hindustan '' ... classic choice of a name especially as a persian ...
if you were arab culture though i would go for al hind '' ...
fyi bilad al hind hindustan land of the hindis originally named after the river sindh but hindi is including all its subcultures including indoaryan dravidian ones
truly amazing things happened that week that i will truly never forget amazing how great god 's power is
do you offer any pic sets or custom vids or rates ?
lower portion as in my post https www.reddit.com/r/bustypetite/comments/9jqdbg/big_tits_and_small_shorts_on_your_favorite ? utm_source=reddit-android is the standard .
you can add full face with an upcharge for kik sessions
sexsells sellers go through extensive verification but here is another one https www.reddit.com/user/bigbootymami19/comments/9kolh0/just_a_little_booty_shake_to_go_with_your ? utm_source=reddit-android for you to feel secure
gfes are a great option for either followers who want to get to know me more or subs who want to fulfill their darkest inner most fantasies .
my kik sessions are all live video clip sessions .
read more about my kik sessions here https www.reddit.com/user/bigbootymami19/comments/8ipsu3/about_my_kik_sessions ? utm_source=reddit-android
are you wanting to turn into a cock hungry whore ?
i have a week long to monthlong curriculum that will awaken your inner sissy .
tasks to be completed and rules to be followed .
warning you may end my course and have gained experience in sucking cock
have you ever wanted to be humiliated in public ?
pay for a bbc and a hot girls meal only to be torn down and reminded how incompetent u are ?
watch as he fingers her under the table or grab her boobs ?
have to pick up the bill knowing hes going to go home and fuck her ? ?
click here https www.reddit.com/user/bigbootymami19/comments/9knzvs/about_cuckolding_dates ? utm_source=reddit-android to find out more !
as to avoid any confusion i would love it if you read my actual about these services before contacting me .
i 've included a price range with hyperlinks so you can immediatley see if i 'm within your budget !
thanks bro and yeah the grey hoodie is my friend and he 's never fought and did n't really want to but the black hoodie kept trying to get him to fight and he finally caved in when everyone did the classic high school do it pussy kind of shit and imo he beat the black hoodies ass😂
i 'm gon na have to research lord shiv ...
but i meant more of an elderly relationship not a prime of life relationship .
it 's funny i already had my movie paused at almost this same spot .
i like to watch the songs every few days .
love the expression and the tremendous detail you did this quite nicely !
mine is saying its linked to my nintendo switch ...
i was doing something kinda that with climbing we 'd go every thursday night but then my friend got a new job and could n't do it anymore .
merci bcp 😆 this is news to me but if the time works i might swing by
edit is it the group hosting tomorrow at hepcat ?
if you wan na see really creepy stuff check out cool 3d world ''
... most other blockchains ... have no real use case but the narrative seems to be that eth does n't have any for as long as i can remember .
maybe according to btc maxis who have their heads intentionally buried in the sand and fud and outright lie about ethereum .
aside from them pretty much all metrics indicate the complete opposite which is that ethereum is everything but dead and is being highly utilized .
do you intend to remove the power armor cap for the purists then ?
also would the dictatorship route have a lessened power armor cap as they are a compromise between the reformers and the purists ?
thanks for the info folks i already have a rig and do dab but the convenience was the factor that made me decide on carts .
now for sure will stick to just flower and dabbing .
i 've been smoking these for a month or two so i 'm glad i checked definitely getting rid of these .
how do i get in touch with someone in support ?
it just takes me through troubleshooting scenarios at https trezor.io/support https trezor.io/support .
when i first started watching the series i was expecting more of a nice sol worth some adventure elements .
i designed a bot for it that is a serviceable dummy player
yeah i sure love the idea of paying fucking tolls just to drive down the street to some rich fucking corporate ceo .
me and the boys about to beat up some guy dressed like david bowie .
have n't tried wax paper personally i keep a role of reynolds wrap in my locker for when i need a better toilet paper .
1 it is n't just knowing someone who knows someone . ''
rethink it as someone who knows what i do and knows this other person thinks they 'd be a good fit . ''
2 do n't discount the power that having a personal connection brings to the table especially when the decision between two applications could be determined with a coin toss unfortunately like a lot of entry-level jobs .
as an employer i 'm not prioritizing your ability to network as a quality i desire .
i 'm considering you because i have a connection .
honestly i 'd probably ask every beautiful woman to bear my child too if that were the case .
democrats do n't like it when republicans play democrat games .
also perhaps it 's because democrats are trying to impeach trump ?
maybe just maybe thats why corey was obstructing democrats to make democrats look like fools ... ..
because it starts out as wanting to see simple bar competitions but then that inevitably leads to wanting to know why and how differences arise between you and others which leads to wanting to do better which leads to eventually wanting more detailed information if you keep pursuing that path i wonder how i compare to the top raiding guilds with my parses on this particular boss.. wow i 'm way behind what is he doing and how do i do it too and at that point or long before it you might as well do yourself a favor and grab details and get the hang of its interface so you can see exactly what you 've been after .
watch the wear and carry spares when you get close .
a bunch of students are striking from school so the government will do something about climate change
but i did n't really hate him beforehand anyway so ca n't answer him for this
lots of people have no idea about horses here .
lol you 're fine just read the basic rules and faq .
no one will fault you for looking up artifacts traits spells ect .
this is mostly just a thread for people to vent .
i 'm sure he was sharing with some pas or interns .
i 've never had any problems with residue with h s but i 'll use clarifying shampoo once a month or something to be sure..
i 'm located in georgia the country so getting products safe for dreadlocks is a pain in the neck.. what are your suggestions for head and shoulders shampoos since they have a lot of options ?
i may also try to use distilled water for rinsing my hair .
there is a 50 chance that this post was written by a man over the age of 30
i use the map device through their chat options but it 's still there when i finish a map .
i 100000 believe that if he reached out to the other cast members that they 'd avoid the sitch .
who the fuck would n't no one wants to be around amber .
they just do what they have to do when they have to see her once a year to play nice .
your account has been flagged as a potential spammers account .
this might be because your account is very new with no/little karma .
if this is an error please message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/graphic_design if you have any questions or concerns .
i think a lot of the drama comes from the people who think it 's outrageously op exaggerating how good it is and the people saying it 's not good downplaying everything that does make it good .
ironically i bet that if each part was its own stm people would n't say it was game breaking but no one would be saying it was n't that good or barely an upgrade but when it 's all together people feel the need to beat it up .
also some of the drama is because well a lot of the values we do n't know numbers for yet and also an entire buff is literally an unknown .
imagine if it had like 100 tdh or something .
o m g you do not have the notification bell on o
trash from the south do n't know how to act online ...
i know its kind of lame but man i just feel so nourished and taken care off after eating one .
bo horse sees his power down with the reddit power outage .
not to mention its each turn '' so if you can trigger this on your opponents consistently it is quite good .
just be aware that sometimes they ignore scheduled pickups .
for pains in the ass imo ice lancer camp perches lazerrrrrs
that 's wrong you get all 4 seasons with deluxe edition
the more exasperated i look the greater joy he gets out of it .
would i be likely to get a job just by self teaching ?
even service dogs generally speaking should n't be being put in a shopping cart .
you do n't need to mitigate '' the first hit something light like a tbn is more than enough for the first hit and then aftewards i 'm not personally certain since i currently only have done war and gnb on the fight .
if its like holmgang its after he brings his foot back from stepping on you and if you 're trying to do it i strongly encourage just sitting on your gcd so you have no risk of delaying the ld via clipping .
and yeah its on both ends cause the healer has to bene you after the megalith which is very tight even if you do it properly .
officer '' may i see that dogs medical card and license please.
officer '' looks at you seriously ... do i look like i 'm joking boy ! ''
i only saw his last ab but he seemed fine .
they took him out for a pinch runner but the milwaukee broadcast crew speculated he was going to be replaced defensively so it was most likely just out of an abundance of caution .
it 's always had a reputation for being one of the best schools for education !
basically means something in the context of any kind of gaming where something seems too strong op and needs to be made weaker nerfed .
since discord is primarily used as a communication tool for online gaming this is a fairly common idiom and can be used both as seriously or sarcastically .
what happens when their looks no longer make money for them
my mom does it at her clinic apparently though it can be really painful to do as well
it 's the closest big holiday man lmao why you always hating 😂😂
there are few things that come to mind that i respectfully ask you to consider
1 i really don ' buy the frank is not her type '' comment .
she dated him and they broke up because she moved to canada .
that can be the affair fog '' but it still hurts !
3 she mentioned to frank not to come to canada '' .
this means that it was going to turn physical if he did come and she has admitted that she does not know what would have happened .
4 if frank 's marriage is shit and he is so smitten with your wife there is a possibility that he still makes the trip with a last ditch effort to win her over as you suspect will happen in him trying to win her over .
do you think that your wife will be able to resist him ?
5 i really worry about how far she would have gone if you did not catch her .
if you want to stay with her there must be an open phone policy with location turned on .
i know this does not sound like what you want to do but to put your mind at ease going forward you are going to need this access .
wet n wild blossom glow used with a wet sponge
someone dropped hollywood before last week 's game started what of faab would you be dropping ?
i 'd be dropping latavius murray and do n't have a huge need at wr since my wrs are ... ab thielen dj moore aj green john brown and terry mclaurin
their bad and shady business practices has warped the public view of gmos .
at 25 of the votes counted the joint list has 2 ...
they are expected to be the 3rd largest party .
is there anyone to get them on your stream ?
do n't worry i did n't see it as contradictory .
people do n't even pay attention to tropical storms in florida but it 's also built to handle rain so you get what you pay for .
i would imagine it 's to improve his goal scoring .
while he does have a good shot using a shorter stick makes it harder to deceive the goaltender .
that might have something to do with his scoring troubles .
what we do is say our prayers together at night as we 're going to bed our father hail mary glory be and at the end we simply ask st. gianna ann and joseph to pray for us our children and our future children .
we 're both converts so we did n't really know how else to do it .
it 's brought a lot of comfort for the better part of a decade !
we 've also done novenas in the past highly recommend those too !
we need to have a top three of the month .
because september definitely needs to include kousa dogwood and probably cleome .
they get somewhere to live and they need to use welfare to pay for that place .
the welfare turns up and the choice is rent or drugs hmmm rent or drugs drugs or rent drugs or drugs ... .
or when people allow their children to spin it while you 're trying to bag .
it 's like nostalgic overwatch just something to fuck around .
i think it should be mvp 17 lr int cell lr phy cell a 16 cell jr eza cell of your choice and a friend a 16
he was a musician well before his loss of hearing my bro
you telling yourself wrong '' just made me laugh so hard i nearly choked ... oh lord my dog is looking at me like i 'm nuts .
teemo is similar in that its hard to make him good in high elo without being absurdly oppressive in low elos .
teemo otps can hit challenger theres multiple of them in gm but im not overly familiar with how he would compare to shaco in gm although i think he would be far better than shaco tbh .
yeah because my under 40gb game that has a little 2bg update cant download it because i only have 90gb
if i had to choose one it would be ushi .
because they still have to fit in peter too ...
those are the ability/border tokens that you use at the end .
you need all the stat rewards before you use those .
oh and yeah i do put my name on my stuff because the not-on-a-diet folks in my house had better keep their paws off my diet food
i love that era but do n't see it as anything more than a weird cash grab if there 's any truth to this .
also we all know the helmet rule per the non-red unis so how is the modern helmet going to mesh with these .
just a very odd announcement from a rando source .
yeah but arkham 's other characters were more different than supergirl and zod superboy is a different but still .
i am not sure i 'm ready for six seasons of this meme .
i 'm real bad about not taking my own advice but i 'm in a similar situation to you but with a little more pay and a lot more years in and i 'm close to getting fed up and putting in my two weeks without even looking for another job first .
i know i have the skills required to get a job closer to home and with more money than i make now but i 'm comfortable where i am i know everybody 's name and there are n't any that i do n't get along with so i would potentially be giving that up so i have n't been brave enough to honestly look for another job yet .
the day is coming that i will have had enough of felling like management is walking on me though and i do n't know how they will go .
after this and the kitty in the shower i am officially dubbing you the yoshi man or woman .
a dna test might give you a lead at least .
ancestry dna matched me with my estranged biodad who happened to also have taken their test .
i did ask him but he was taking a long time to reply .
romantic love i was married to my best friend .
i love him dearly but not as a husband .
i tried for too long to tell myself that romantic love was n't necessary it is .
respect we need to be thoughtful of each other .
compassion kindness is as important as respect both for myself and the people and animals around us .
communication if we ca n't share things and be honest our partnership is doomed .
maturity i 've done the poor college student wrack up debt to get by live in shit holes and spend what little money there is on bars/going out .
i 'm 33 and a parent now i want a partner with stability who can save money or let me handle finances and who i can actually envision retirement and growing old with .
i need to be able to trust and relax ... and boink with .
sense of humor life is weird farts happen and raccoons eat their way into your attic .
i need someone to lighten up with and laugh at the absurdity of it all with .
oh and likes kids since my kiddo is a huge part of my life .
i tried finding it on youtube but i ca n't .
every time i see a link to youtube it says it 's blocked
the only way they can function is if they 're unsuccessfully plugged in at least once first .
some are cursed more than others and have to fail three or four times first
ive got to see this twice in my life .
all my drawings had the hands behind the back until i was like 15 .
when overseas my aid stations ncoic always told us to eat dessert first that way if our building/tent got hit at least we would get to have something good in our stomach before going to the hospital .
there is no readon why he cant learn to swim .
no one is too non-buoyant to learn to swim .
wolverine can a legit reason not to swim metal bones and all but no healthy person does .
yeah i 'm just saying how it will work i have already been playing the beta for a few days and you are forced to sign up with an account before you can play online and your activation account will be what you use for adding cross platform friends and join just like the epic account with fortnite .
this is pretty much the unfortunate part about cross play is all the sudden accounts we are gon na need as devs go the epic route of having an internal friends system .
i have a plant and home goods etsy business that i am trying to improve exposure for .
i convert at a solid 1 per 50-75 views and am just trying to improve the amount of organic views i get per day .
the main avenues that i would like to focus on are pinterest instagram and google/seo results .
based on your experience i was wondering if you recommend finding someone who specializes in pinterest and another who does instagram and someone else who does google/seo .
based on my reading it seems that the strategies for each are unique from one another and there is so much competition on each platform now that a social media marketer almost has to specialize in one to stay on top of the game .
i also recognize that there is likely more overlap of skills for pinterest and instagram compared to seo .
so would you recommend at least trying to find specialists for those two categories ?
also if anyone has any information on what price point to expect for these services i would be very grateful !
is seo work more expensive for a niche product i know it would be very expensive to rank for something like sunglasses
the goals on instagram would be 2-3 posts a week and growth through daily follow/unfollow and engagement .
for pinterest 3-5 pins a day and pinterest seo work for keywords and working to get into some group boards if that 's still a good strategy .
for an industry known for creating a vast array of standards we have no standard for what to call each other .
when i 'm reading resumes i skip right over the title and focus on what company they worked for and what their job tasks were .
rather than inspired artist '' i think genius artist '' or artistic savant '' .
if she 's finally come into her own as an artist she should get a more epic title .
hmos should be illegal but unfortunately most patients do n't understand how they work and only see the low upfront cost .
and while technically they are n't supposed to upcharge i know for a fact that insurance agents at delta encourage the practice
i was unaware that the person in question confirmed which business it was .
i 'm not usually a winter person but theres something very excited about this upcoming season in bc this go around .
i 'd love to be able to get some .
that 's a let down i really felt good with jd
neida denne karen sto der i godt 15-20minutt og okkuperte 4 plasser
i know this way its hard and i spent 11h already and gave up eventually is there 's a another way even if it involve so cheating i mean i do n't want to spend another hour trying to find one its painful and killed my enjoyment of finding any i heard there 's a way using portals or something like that and then warping to the portal again to warp to the next other system
alex salmond my view is that you ask such constitutional questions once in a generation .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
i do n't get the obsession with doing the race in miami at any cost
i think once your own space is clean it 's eaiser to not be affected by others mess .
obviously this is only true to a certain extent but my old house mate was a complete slob he would n't ever clean up after himself and his room resembled a trash bin .
i found that if i had my own space completly tidy and organised .
the top replies on this twitter post already are super interesting .
we need yanggang supporters in there too responding and helping drive the narrative .
she could easily have imparted him with the wisdom to not be a total chode
posted too many racist memes we have cry about oppression we will .
run over minorities to release my anger i will did this the admins have .
it was getting hard to tell whether the memes were truly ironic .
it was never full gamersriseup but some of the content was definitely questionable .
why do you think the climate models are so complicated and require so much computing power ?
your submission has been removed because why some people are a certain way is influenced by one or more factors genetics upbringing personal experience training interest and opportunities .
why we do say or experience a certain thing is a question better suited for r/answers r/nostupidquestions or r/askreddit
in the event your post has nothing to do with the above mentioned reason and you are asking a question unrelated to this topic please message the moderators using this link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=can 20you 20review 20my 20thread ? message=/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/d5vi6e/eli5_what_is_entropy_and_why_do_we_need_to_know 0a 0athe concept i want explained 0a 0alink to a search you performed 0a 0ahow is this post unique to review your submission .
posts that do not answer the questions listed in the modmail form will not be reviewed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/explainlikeimfive if you have any questions or concerns .
my finnish is definitely conversational already i will keep these minor studies in mind .
imagine if bladee never made music and got a 9 to 5
i would be happy if they got a single one xd .
stranger things have happened in us politics yangs actually doing better than obama was at this point in the polls
so many options for trump to legally go after them .
thinks that complaining on twitter is equal to actually passing policyy
yes i 'm just a few yrs older ... we have to go on .
the fact that you 're not normal like most of the people you meet who does not indulge in this sort of creepy self imagined situations .
she has a dynamite body and is incredibly sexy .
yea fuck em they can live in squalor to make the climate change better just do n't expect the us or the eu to give up what they have .
hm reminds you of something that happened to me and my then girlfriend while i was living in student housing .
i had a little room of my own and we were in bed together asleep .
strictly speaking this was a transgression since overnight guests were n't allowed but students being students the house crawled with overnight guests and to my knowledge the rule was never enforced i only mention it because it may have been a reason for us to not be entirely comfortable .
one morning she was visibly disturbed and i asked what was the matter .
she asked if it really had n't heard anything in the night and then told me that at one point she woke up or thought she did she saw something standing about two feet from the bed which was n't there before and she hated it instantly and wanted it removed at once .
so she sprang out of bed grabbed it rushed the four steps to the window opened it threw the thing out and banged the window shut .
according to her it was about four feet high and looked like a sort of pillar oder very primitive statue she could n't be sure for it was intensely black .
she also said that she could n't quite remember if it moved or offered resistance but she thought not and that it felt more like an object than a being ... also it apparently was of öittöe weight .
i slept through whole thing and my girlfriend did n't want to wake me so she just lay down beside me an miraculously managed to fall back asleep .
i of course thought that she had probably had had very vivid nightmare she hesitantly agreed that this was what it must have been .
so hesitantly that one could see she had her doubts .
i think it could actually be myth iii i will try to look into it after work .
but i think we may be on the right path .
a guy i briefly dated loved that fact i was his first white girlfriend .
his parents saudi absolutely hated thi as they arranged for him to marry his first cousin .
one day he asked if i 'd ever like to see the dead sea i said oh man i 'd love to .
he kept telling me this will be a trip of a lifetime and i 'll never want to come back..me being naive we drove to the airport and my moms voice popped in my head she did n't like him and always told me to never leave the country with him and i ditched him at security .
to this day i do n't know if i 'd be dead sold kept as a pet etc .
legit me and my friends was making fun out of this before it was a thing we joked about it because epics so broken and now i 'm right fml ... .
worst thing about it is they will probably leave this in the game for a couple weeks same with the mech when something goes wrong with it it either takes ages to catch on or its gets hotfixed in an hour but when something goes wrong with the zip lines that we desperately need to rotations sometimes has a bug it gets removed for 2 weeks and not even a word yet on if it 'll be back anytime soon legit we need quad crashers back with the 100 spawn rate
me sees photos oh he 's a handsome aussie dude that makes sense
other than special occasion i buy one meal cost £5 .
i have porridge milk fruits in the house which covers breakfast .
and it 's good to have a good breakfast .
launch is that avg £5 i mentioned something cheap but something different than other day .
dinner i cook mostly rice or noodles with mix of vegetables and fish fried/cooked .
if i cook one day i can eat it for altogether 3 days .
also if you spend £10-£15 shopping it 's really cheap to buy frozen everything .
in avg it 's very diverse eating even it 's cheaper .
these models your son '' made are pretty cool .
ya if there is i definitely do n't see it .
why not simply ask to move the start date to the friday ?
my point as oblivious to it as you are is that even if he had touched the floor he would merely have to change his gloves .
there would be no washing of hands for any reason .
lol that t-bag at the end to show who is the owner of those woods .
i have no idea what cars or photos are from when .
hope we can solve it one at a time .
poor servers and constant league mechanics not this one that are unbearable in hc .
most people stopped playing it and switch to ssf sc or summin
send them an email with the information the form requests stating you wish to cancel in line with the terms of your contract .
i hope the developers drop all future game updates in order to put 100 of their focus to produce cosmetics and worthless items ... it feels like christmas !
my current theory is that the analog sticks are sending the input .
but i think you can increase the central dead zone in the ultimate software
yeah because it 's impossible for people in the military to vote when they are in areas they cant .
usually people recommand a big club having good players makes it easier and you 'll have more fun in the transfers window .
it 's also good to pick a team you follow irl so you have an idea of the tactics and big transfers you want to make
19 demo was even worse than the game finally released ... ..i really do n't understand how much experience in playing football game and how long did some people play demos and final release to judge it properly ... but that 's internet ayone got to express their opinion even if 99 of them are shit and not accurate
how is that any different to just clicking the window to bring it to the front ?
imagine being such an ignoramus that you think having a few privacy rights for a phone that was given to you is the same thing as murdering someone in your bedroom .
bet that felt cool you have hopped out to teabag them 😱
how do you tell if its first or second edition ?
i just picked one up box and all but what are the indicators ?
it 's playing along in a city of millions where you dont know everyone .
ems knew about the firefighters in a meta way because there 's no fd .
if they had played long it would be good rp for everyone .
penta 's cop seemed really uneasy going after the firefighters because of rp but was basically forced into it because of ems .
no one should be suffocating because of a video game it is n't that serious .
good question it 's probably not as bad because those victims are dead versus rape victims have to live with what happened and often people not calling it rape because of how it 's treated as a crime and murders tend to be more straightforward .
but yeah i think i usually tend to use other words naturally even though i think there 's a big gulf between the two .
as a non it expert with a reasonably savvy understanding of technology i agree with you totally .
this is a process my non profit employers are going through even now which is making it difficult to decide which way to proceed technology wise which is both basic sustainable and cost effective .
coupled together with the concept of 'planned obsolescence ' i can only feel that people now develop products that will 'grab attention and promise a better life ' in the short term as opposed to enabling consumers to streamline processes and get on with being a decent human being .
not sure if capitalism comes in to it somewhere or if i 'm just getting older and commensurately grumpy !
i think if you change it in the software/driver of the mouse rather than ingame the mouse works much smoother
i think the story will be around 20-30h long but the gameplay will probably last as long as you want it to .
they did n't have sex with anyone 's kids .
i did n't know my high school english teacher was on reddit .
i used to get in trouble because my drafts were n't long enough .
the update history says update 01.12 various stability fixes .
it speaks to your inner strength and your ability to put close calls with extremism into perspective .
my brother had a similar close call with alt right hatred but luckily found love and support instead .
they love the elites but they 're so stupid that they believe the elites they suck the assholes of are n't actually elite .
i 've been afk for since birth now and i still have n't been logged out
that is a reasonable amount of time for the price .
a lot of the makeup i frequently see at my neighborhood beauty supply/wig shop but there have been several things on there i 've thought were pretty cool so i am going to give them a whirl .
just do what your body can do at the moment .
even my doctor adviced me to not lift heavy things in case we forgot you know doing housework or while working .
no it 's because they do n't verify such claims as policy .
they do n't verify it as a policy because it is irrelevant to their job of determining whether an invention is patentable .
you can still be down several grand even if you win a case .
even a simple traffic ticket can cost several grand .
a patent lawsuit costs millions both to prosecute and to defend against even before it sees the inside of a courtroom .
they do n't get filed unless the target is quite juicy and they get settled 99.99 of the time .
if it costs too much to adjudicate a patent the problem is with the adjudication system not with the patent .
there is no reason why we need to have civil courts and juries handling patent cases .
it would be a simple matter to create something like the tax court inside the uspto staff it with subject matter experts and set it up to work quickly and efficiently .
if you really feel like it 's such an important issue write to your congressman .
products using gif images started removing them at a time to skirt risk .
virtually all open-source software supports and has always supported both the vfat filesystem and gif images .
i have never heard of it being an issue for anyone .
yes some commercial users were asked to pay a few cents for licensing these proprietary technologies but i do n't see the issue with that you are using somebody else 's work so you should pay for it .
it 's a freedom as in beer issue not freedom as in speech .
yeah and the reason for this is because the ramen guy is secretly hagoromo and the ramen noodles have 6 paths chakra in them
my fear is n't that the current xmen characters will be transported into the mcu .
it 's that soon the overwhelming majority of comic book movies will follow the quippy fun colorful mcu formula .
it 's a great formula do n't get me wrong .
but it never would 've produced a logan a deadpool a first class or an x2 .
because i was intentionally trying to highlight how pointless it is to use personal anecdotes as evidence of something ?
just sucks bc all those matchups were juicy af .
it does n't have the power or space of my current car but i do n't think i need much power or space when i become a big city gal in two weeks .
if you 're knees are hurting i would recommend loosing weight if your sport allows it and taking up something less of a impact such as biking swimming or plyo training explosive training
the thing is to remember all cardio is beneficial the biggest thing is finding one you like and can sustain
you and your bipolar disorder are going to be together for the rest of your life .
it will be with you until you leave this world .
it is a part of what makes you who you are .
but it 's not all of who you are .
there 's so much more to a person 's soul than their disabilities .
you learn how to manage your illness and not let it overshadow the unique person that you are .
keep pushing forward and fight for the life you want for your life .
just try to find one thing one positive thing in every day to hang on to every day .
and remember all it takes is one small thing even the tiniest thing to go in your favor to change your entire demeanor and boost your spirits .
there 's something good in every day and if you ca n't find it you 're not looking hard enough .
keep fighting the good fight with every day holds the opportunity for your entire life to change course
i would n't say i 'm prolific in the least but i have some pretty good 100 memes .
i 'm an up and coming producer from los angeles and i have a track that i think would fit your playlist .
i 'd appreciate if you take a listen when you have a moment .
correct people are not buying it including any that have watched a houthi broadcast out of yemen even claiming it and more .
i think it 's because of the pose it makes her look super stiff .
if they posed her differently like an over the shoulder pose then maybe it 'll be more attractive .
aww man i 'm too fat for my nomo jersey 😂
it is the gold crystals you get from events and season rewards you can exchange them for 4 character fragments i would suggest to use them only on bounty fest characters wb ace sabo the 3 admirals moria boa bikini nami boa gear 4th doffy law kidd because there is no other way to get their frags other than getting really lucky and pulling them multiple times
thank you gecko expert but i 'll believe her vet over a random reddit poster any day 👌
while you wait for someone to answer you may find the following resources helpful .
day 1 starting your weight loss journey https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3aday+title 3a1+title 3astarting+title 3ajourney+title 3ahere sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day
quick start guide an easy way to get started with weight loss https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/wiki/quick_start_guide
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/loseit if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's amazing you 've gone this long without hearing everyone talk about it
so this is what 65k in student loan debt for a journalism degree looks like
dis you just say the n-word ! ? ! ? ? ! ?
i think its just playsqorr.com https playsqorr.com but i got the app .
looks solid so far waiting for this tnf card so we 'll see lol
he deeply sucks as a person and no one should give a fuck about what he thinks or says
learning asl from a book is not super useful .
the best is to research local programmes run by the local deaf community .
what is nice about asl and other sign or tactile languages is that you are forced immersion if you are coming from a different modality .
so speaking english as an oral language you can not fall back on english when in a deaf environment and so you get to be in language immersion by nature of just learning the language !
there are tonnes of asl facebook pages and groups that share memes lessons insights and posts that will help you along your journey but prioritise being within the community to learn the language
seeing as it is a fairly unwritten language so the books do exist to teach asl but having no native writing system makes book learning kinda clunky .
that being said i super duper recommend you check out aslwrite .com and on facebook to see one of the more productive asl scripts !
i love writing asl down and it looks super cool too
the rainbow hearts at the end infuriate me as a trans person like bruh ur not one of us
analysis of u/societys_appendix 's activity in political subreddits over the past 1000 comments and submissions .
summary this user does not have enough activity in political subs for analysis or has no clear leanings they might be one of those weirdo moderate types .
bleep bloop i 'm a bot trying to help inform political discussions on reddit .
i know what you 're talking about but my brain is currently doing a mashup of
i 'll post again if i can pinpoint the song later .
tarts are n't strudels no matter what you inject them with
well they have to keep up with their monthly product purchase .
what a great way to pay for shitty products and get contacts !
does he continue to insert in and out even after he finished in the condom ?
normally i would say not to worry especially if you have checked to see that nothing has leaked .
i used to be super paranoid about cum leaking from the end of a condom but then i got over it .
not trying to scare you but that 's just how it is .
if the condom does not fit correctly then it is likely that his fluids can leak out especially if he 's continuing to penetrate you after he has finished .
to ease your mind if there is a time where you 're very worried and you assume his fluids leaked and somehow ended up inside of you take plan b the morning after pill as soon as possible .
or have him pull out as soon as he finished inside the condom to keep you from constantly worrying about if leaking is an issue .
at the end of the day condoms are n't 100 effective but i personally do n't think you should lose sleep over this you know ?
dont freak out too much but be cautious if you want to be extra sure .
got questions https www.youtube.com/user/gotquestionsorg does a good job explaining things in short videos
this guy https www.youtube.com/channel/uc1oksia8uey8oqvtjghfvza i do n't actually know his name lol does a mix of apologetics explanations how we as christians should react to certain things and has a video series refuting cosmos skeptic 's criticisms about allen parr 's video on slavery .
he also goes live sometimes answering questions and has a documentary coming out in the next few months i do n't know if he 's actually announced the date .
qb is very much a viable position to leverage now .
it 's turning out to be very much not a deep position this year .
first things first vfx is a very large field with many different responsibilities .
most of it does n't require any specific training and fortunately there 's tons of resources online to learn from .
so what aspect of vfx interests you the most ?
the lips are awful but that eyeshadow is amazing .
date or not you will be spending time together .
after a few beers just tell him you want to confess about getting his number if he likes you he will tel you how he felt .
this may not be labeled first date but number two will be .
judging by the sticker on the fender i 'd say they have just completed the 1000 mile tour of the colorado grand rally that happened last week !
wrong plant based diet leads to deficits of vitamin b d and several minerals .
you ca n't just stop eating meat and start eating broccoli .
you have to inform yourself and eat a lot more different stuff than you are used to .
it is technically possible to eat vegan without problems .
but with every animalproduct you do n't consume your own effort needs to grow
i am vegetarian going vegan it 's a process cause there is a lot to learn .
i never rated meat eating better than the other .
its just easier to avoid certain problems using animal produce
maybe start by introducing yourself but try not to make the intro a big thing .
keep things casual chat about the day ask them how things are going feel the flow of the conversation .
never heard of tom leikis before will google later .
because he actually cares about the jail breakers of the community .
it takes a good person to distinguish the minority who always beg or are unhappy with what 's already given in comparison to most other grateful users not to mention a lot are quiet and that 's likely because they 're simply content .
we know pwn is seriously engaged into the jailbreaking scene by keeping us up to date with his latest works actually listening to our feedback and striving to improve his tools .
imho he is one of the best jailbreak devs we 've had in a long time .
post a cv on dave 's esl and give it a minute .
if hookup you kinda just got what you wanted there but even then with being ghosted there 's still potential for another hookup .
if you want something more maybe smoke and bone is the wrong way to go for the first meetup .
man you must have gotten so many girlfriend points.. !
sounds absolutely hot though would definitely not be mad if it wa my girlfriend
the maps certainly look nice but is there a way to have it overlay herb/ores on it via the find minerals/herbs '' toggles ?
edit after using it a bit longer the inability to use the track skills humanoids beasts ore herbs etc is the only thing stopping me from using it .
the recipe i use for chicken pot pie calls for 1 large onion .
i aim to pick one that 's at least 1 lb. but i think this man might have the onion i 've spent my whole life searching for .
this track has been added to the playlist 'r/poppunkers top weekly posts' available on platforms
it 's an auto updated playlist dedicated to these latest first 25 with at least 3 upvotes posts in r/poppunkers https www.reddit.com/r/poppunkers/search ? q=title restrict_sr=1 t=week sort=top .
for more playlists dedicated to subreddits and general feedback please visit r/listige https www.reddit.com/r/listige .
opt-out of post comments https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=listige subject=no 20more 20comments message=now 20press 20the 20send 20button 20and 20patiently 20wait 20for 20the 20confirmation 20message
honestly i still think about it the only reason why i wo n't commit is because i ca n't imagine leaving my family behind with the burden of my funeral or the feeling they failed me .
i have two nephews that i love so much and i try to be the best role model to them and what example would i be setting .
so basically i just walk around with a feeling of self hate and loneliness and i just put a smile on my face and play it cool .
i do n't even know why i feel this way i have a pretty descent life but i just feel guilt and shame and i do n't want to feel exposed cause i 'll just outcast myself or look weak .
but yeah overall it 's just the after guilt that gets me .
honestly that sub is toxic to my lactose intolerant body and it offends me wow s
restore 20 mp to party restores status effects 20 mp
earth blunt attack on random enemies 3 times s 20 mp
earth blunt attack on a single enemy 2 times l power down 20 3 turns if earth zone active party type resist 25 3 turns 42 mp
party critical rate 100 1 skill if earth zone active all type attack 50 1 skill 40 mp
earth blunt attack on a single enemy 2 times xl power down 25 3 turns if earth zone active party type resist 30 3 turns 54 mp
the images are missing the quest-locked skill from the 4 star board
i hope to god that a five-year-old wrote this legislation because if not the people of lincoln are in big trouble .
senator ddyt has claimed multiple times to be a libertarian who does n't like government overreach well here he is proposing bills to overreach using congress .
if this somehow makes its way through the senate i will gladly nay it into oblivion in the house and i hope my colleagues will do the same .
i have to ask what the senior senator from sierra was thinking when he decided to co-sponsor this legislation i do n't think he was completely sober when he did make that decision .
i expect better from someone who expects to be our party 's nominee let alone the next president .
she 's poked fun at britney spears ' breakdown .
i 'm on mobile so i ca n't link but if you google it i 'm sure it 'll pop up .
i work at walmart and most of our computers are like that too
how do we not talk about nomo throwing a no hitter at coors in the fucking steroid era every single day ?
alien invasion tomato monster mexican armada brothers who are just regular brothers running in a van from an asteroid and all sorts of things the movie
this https www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/m/pubmed/15754275 study did show higher incidence of aki with increasing doses but unfortunately i do n't have access to the full article to dig deeper .
ibuprofen does have an analgesic ceiling and multiple sources cite this as being 400mg like this https www.jwatch.org/na49688/2019/08/13/dont-use-more-400-mg-ibuprofen-pain-control one .
there is proof that avalanche are working on a harry potter game
if it 's a comedian whose content you are familiar with who you pay to see its is within reason that you not criticize them .
if you go there knowing you might be offended and end up getting offended you should n't have decided to go to the show in the first place .
man as a parent i did n't find humor in this at all .
if i didnt have it at 20 i doubt this kid does .
marriott is also having a 30 discount sale on purchasing points us 0.0088 each max 100k per person has to be done in two 50k transactions .
you could then convert those into aeroplan and take advantage of both promotions .
works out to buying aeroplan miles for 2.2 cents cad .
what did the blind man say as he walked passed a fish market ?
do n't forget your druidic robes so you can get to the circle without getting poison ivy on your bits during the walk .
wow anything to keep lebron in the daily conversation .
the new season is approaching and with many good athlete 's without a team that they can speculate which team would be the best fit for them and you mean to tell me eson chooses to again focus on lebron..
why not focus a segment on which team will be overlooked or which team currently rank 8-12 can shock everyone by making the playoffs this year .
would love to know how you managed to arrive at that conclusion when she 's taken the say m4a but mean something else '' page from kamala .
it 's nuts we did n't really realize how bad it was back then .
i 've learned that guys are wayyyyy weirder than i ever could of imagined before reddit and i regret not joining sooner lol
it 's a run to the left for 2 yard s !
https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20runfirstdown message=it 27s 20a 20run 20to 20the 20left 20for 20 7byards 7d 20yard 28s 29 21 20first 20down 20 7bteam 7d 21
it 's 1st and 10 on the tennessee 46 .
i found one random drop so its probably a global legendary
nice that will help you alot also thats prety damn rare how many tries or was it random
3 i 'm a single dude so i will usually swing by genes on the way home from the gym to pick up whatever i 'm making for dinner that night .
not only that but less than half of the 19000 police departments in the us report at all and the vast majority of the worst ones are in that group .
the irony is the stats we have show massive racial inequalities in policing and enforcement and those are just the departments willing to talk about it .
the actual problem is far worse than we can quantify .
em que consistem as aulas de educação física do curso de pilotagem ?
as aulas de química e matemática aplicada são aulas mesmo sérias ou matéria é relaxada o suficiente para conseguir acompanhar sendo um aluno de letras ?
lol bought calls at the bottom for the first time ever
both sparked cause i played soccer and as i got better got more interested in watching pros
being able to see live games makes all the difference .
landon is an american hero and just reinforced my love .
liverpool stevie g. i played the same position and wanted to be everything he was .
na server here that 's what was in my box as well .
the reason economists shit on rent control is because it accomplishes the opposite of the desired effect .
to show why that 's the case i 'm gon na have to use some oversimplified examples welcome to economics .
in a short term time horizon the quantity of housing in any given city is a fixed amount .
conversely the demand for housing in the short term is not fixed .
people could be moving there for jobs moving out of their parents house or displaced from a natural disaster .
if more people are moving into the city than moving out you 'll see a rise in prices as there is greater competition for the fixed supply of housing .
in the long run the supply of housing is not fixed .
people and corporations are able to buy land and build residential units on it .
because of the short run increase in rent prices investment opportunities that did n't previously exist become possible .
borrowing 100mm to build an apartment building is only possible if those units rent for higher than 1000/month .
this increases the overall supply of housing and lessens the competition for older/existing housing .
assume wages are unchanged and the supply of housing has grown faster than the rate of population growth .
this should lead to an overall decrease in prices as landlords chase after a smaller pool of renters proportionally .
this long run scenario is contingent on it being profitable to invest into building housing ie .
you can rent the units for more than the cost of the loan to build .
when you use a blanket rent control policy on new buildings you are dictating what the return on investment is for those building .
if the cost to build is greater than the income they would generate as rent controlled units literally no one is gon na put up the money to get those units built .
tl/dr rent control makes it unprofitable to make investments into developing real estate .
this restricts the supply of housing but does nothing to address the increasing demand for housing from population growth .
the greater competition inevitably compounds the original problem of people being priced out of the market .
i didnt know what feeling starstruck was like until that moment lol
he looks like hes gon na drop a sick new album where the beat is fingers tapping a tuna can and the drop being the automated tuna can opener noise .
man you do n't use house rules or play like a dick when you teach new players .
maybe this guy is way behind on the rules because it used to be 2 and 2 to start but it was always a full new hand when you die .
that sheathing weapons '' bs is just that bullshit .
yes a game is only as good as the people who play it so find better people to play it with do n't burn/blame the game .
just post a video like eric burgenhagen from your garage
write something like eric burgenhagen 1000 lbs '' or some shit
for example i have this https www.amazon.com/gp/product/b07vw7qtw8/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o01_s00 ? ie=utf8 psc=1 waiting at home for me to slap on when i get my pro and it looks fantastic feels fantastic is super thin and is super cheap in comparison .
i have the same case on my 7 right now and it 's been perfect .
and it 's not just me i bring a friend and play something to him just to see his face when he hears the difference
september 4 2012 september 18 2019 fuzzy llama will be missed .
it 's because emotionally fragile people tend to also be very vindictive logic and facts be damned .
reddit is full of crusader and archon scrubs that have absolutely no clue how the immortal bracket was negatively impacted with this change .
decent point i 'll raise this with the team thanks !
having grown up when that song was popular i made the connection or at least asked myself if it 's coming from eminem 's stan .
it would be impossible to do without that context though .
i 'd like to see a list of words who 's origin are more derivative than other 's with a more typical etymology .
glad you are okay and thank you for updating .
i cant say i know what you 're going through but i know it must be very hard .
i had to file a police report last night .
it 's a long and personal story i wo n't get into but the officer i spoke to looked and sounded a lot like elias rahim .
it 's not something that i 'll probably even enjoy for a long time .
i 'm very much for harry and ron being bros .
but i think what drove me towards the ship was the search for a good ron .
he is not my favorite character but the concept of ron bashing is something i really do n't like .
tbh im not really one for multi except harry/ron/hermione .
around 1.600 white finnish were executed by the reds including 4 p.o.w that died in concentration camps .
the white army on the other hand executed around 10.000 red finnish in some battles even women or children and 12.000 died in concentration camps .
both did war crimes but at least for me 1.600 is inferior to 22.000 .
of course i 'm not defending anyone just showing the situation .
i still want a plant a tree get a tax deduction program '' hell if ethiopia could plant 350 million in 12 hours we should be able to understand the importance of trees to our world above politics and bureaucracy .
i 'd be hyped if addy popped up at camp redwood .
shirobako 's miyamori is like 19 or 20 though .
eh there are a lot of reports that state the info gained from unit 731 was pretty useless .
you 'll never find another one that fits your hand as nice as a walther .
something about the ergonomics of the grip make it feel so good in the hands
i find it hysterical that miura wrote in that time passes differently on the island almost as a nod to the time it took to get there irl .
i do n't know if it was your suggestion or the 1gb steamworks patch that just happened but it worked .
lol at moving the goal post to cater to their narrative .
it 's a version of scott joplin maple leaf rag
everyone can backup there own save files ... ps4 and xbox users are no different from pc users there .
only difference is that pc users can use anyone pc users save..
ps4 user 1 has said item x that ps4 user 2 wants .
after deal has been struck user 1 backs up save and gives items/money or whatever to user 2 .
after that user 1 puts his backup save back onto his ps4 .
i dunno the story 's so boring as it is that sure why not have them all line up needs pvp to keep it interesting
it is the uks choice to cancel it with the eu having no say .
so either it happens or it does n't but the prorogation does n't affect it .
i feel like a good riddle is one where all the clues are laid out for you in the initial story/description .
e.g i have a bed but i never sleep i have a bank but do n't store money .
there is only one correct answer and you are given all of the information up front .
whereas with the riddle a man gets off a boat eats albatros soup and shoots himself '' could have many different stories leading up to that point which i think makes it less elegant .
making a racist joke toward quebecers to say they are racist is weird .
she wo n't be saying that when they need someone to march upon dunsinane to kill the tyrant macbeth .
as a satanist i want you to choose your next words carefully .
as a redditor i will accept your compliment and pretend i 'm the goat because a stranger admired me .
i tried it i there for 3 days and said hell with it .
it 's a pain in the ass to clean .
i liked the lip on it which helps keep more of the litter in the pan .
there is another version of that same pan without the lip or the grate and it was a lot flimsier .
them storing food in the litter box is gross to us but irrelevant .
this user has verified themselves with the mod team https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/wiki/verification as evidenced by their 'verified ' flair and the 'original content ' flair on the link itself .
that means that this is a real live person posting their own body on the internet for our enjoyment .
all off-topic or unkind comments will be removed and subject to temporary or permanent ban .
see the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/about/sidebar for the full sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/realgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
i love the parallels with the movie the sixth sense .
the release date of the first teaser was exactly 20 years after the movie was released on the same date and the album release date is 10/7 while the movie running time is 107 minutes .
with the amount of schedule they have got it is really great they are coming out with full album .
i actually get what you mean well hey if you want to do a remix i 'm down !
all i can think of is something in the tv series hannibal '' where he could n't draw a clock ...
could you upload a drawing of a clock showing 11:25 in the morning please or draw one and ask a friend if they think it looks right ?
well it 's 103 here in middle ga. we do have a cold front coming through .
they do n't believe russia invaded poland in the 20s
this does n't really count since it was poland who initiated the war .
it is quite true but usually it is mentioned as eegrh eval union doing nazi things cuz they were allies with hitler '' which i despise because of wwii being much more complicated than this
prismatic vista was also in the gold frame despite being in the same vein of lands .
for real as someone who follows owl very casually i was like was n't there already a team called radiant ? ''
lmao nice joke also how is he the cleanest candidate ?
marcelo has been really poor defensively since 2017 if you did n't notice it then you were n't paying attention .
the only reason why no one really bothered was that ronaldo was in front of him an because of that opponents were still scared to attack his line for fear that they could be punished by ronaldo now he 's gone leaving marcelo exposed
t o e a e s t h e t i c
if you 're too much of a coward to discuss things honestly why are you wasting our time ?
kind raiders please stream it with a delay so we can engage in the revolution
you can really tell he was paid to by the word for his writing .
i 've tried to switch multiple times and keep coming back to spotify .
am is just not that goood of an experience right now for me at least .
i paid for both for a couple of months for apple watch support but that got annoying .
i 'd try my hardest to take it all 0
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
the b emoji impact font and other normie trash is n't allowed .
if you have any questions you can message the mod team here http contact.dankmemesreddit.com replies to this removal comment may not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
post titles images and text must contain elite dangerous content at all times .
posts falling into the following categories are also allowed as long as a clear effort for an active discussion about elite dangerous is made
submit as a text-post to ensure elite dangerous is the focus if a link can not suffice .
please review our removals info page https www.reddit.com/r/elitedangerous/wiki/removals for more details .
if you have a question about the removal or have edited your submission to abide by the rules https www.reddit.com/r/elitedangerous/about/rules do not reply to this message message the modteam https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2felitedangerous subject=mod 20action 20dispute message=regarding 20 5bsubmission 5d 28https www.reddit.com/r/elitedangerous/comments/d69il4 3fcontext 3d9999 29 3a instead .
at least that means you know you 're fapping while he 's asleep .
i though of this subreddit as soon as i saw it !
i think they made the right decision not making it live action though .
idk if it works for anyone but it works for me no matter what time it is .
i get into the most comfortable position i can and close my eyes and quite literally think of nothing i just think of darkness and sometimes the word ‘nothing ' and i 'll fall asleep
i love that they pair it with machine learning .
i think they will probably raise more money if they add blockchain to the mix !
a few months ago i had the great idea to just write down all the movies my wife and i want to watch .
we have around 50 blu rays that we have n't seen yet and a couple movies on prime and netflix so i wrote them all down on a piece of paper i think it were like 83 when we started .
then i went to random.org and had it create random numbers 3 times in a row .
whatever the 3rd number was that was the movie that we were gon na watch and so far it 's been a satisfactory solution for us .
the 4 movies the randomizer picked for us last weekend were suckerpunch garbage annihilation pretty good inglorious indonesian bastards surprisingly good and searching my new favorite movie really good .
the inglorious indonesian bastards blu ray has been sitting in our shelves for 2 years now and without the randomizer we would 've probably never watched the movie .
thanks to the randomizer we did and we both thought it was an enjoyable and interesting movie .
and i think you learned something from me already .
for example you learned there is currently no evidence that aoc violated any campaign finance laws .
on the other hand you learned that trump has violated said laws and many of his staff are already in jail for it .
i love how that 's actually a real sub you accidentally linked .
a guy who can act like a bhakt so well that actual bhakts eill think that he 's legit .
i really do n't get the whole gym thing .
you do n't need '' anything unless op 's husband is a professional athlete which does n't sound likely .
it 's a hobby and there are plenty of ways to stay fit without anything at all like going for a run .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
tired submission submissions featuring often posted old and uninteresting content are liable to be removed .
a list of content that has been deemed removable can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/minecraft/wiki/rules wiki_commonly_posted_and_tired_submissions .
if you feel this was done in error have fixed your post or would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the moderators
please carefully read the removal reason quoted above and the subreddit rules r/minecraft/w/rules and subreddit guidelines r/minecraft/w/guidelines before disputing removal .
here is the message link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/minecraft subject=removal dispute message=my post https www.reddit.com/r/minecraft/comments/d6ar86 to use after reading the rules .
i 'd say marshal 's is better than five drop insurgents because you 're not fighting enemies after every stop which wastes time .
ladies have 3 holes down there the front one is maybe the size of a pinhead and is where we pee from middle is vagina back is poop hole .
i keep wanting to start s5 but arrow is still so firmly fused with olicity in my mind that i just ca n't bring myself to watch it .
might as well gain some weight and start a porn addiction .
i think it 's 5 carbon atoms with chlorine .
this explains why they love mumblecore so much ! !
this is why we have darkness in our worlds .
does your school hide feedback and keep it secret ?
to be fair you should n't be confused or complaining if you have n't even watched the series lol .
i guess san francisco is looked at as its own country ?
well they use to say the best nuts come from california .
exacty he says himself it 's his first midi controller there 's no need to buy the highest range equipment if you 're learning something .
when he improves and decides to commit upgrade eventually .
yeah we get it you know you 're stuff but not everyone does everyone starts somewhere .
i have just as much fun if not more brewing up new decklists to take into battle trying to construct something that breaks the meta is super satisfying .
quite a few miniature games have this same effect on me .
it 's trash-tier in pve and dragonfly is n't particularly effective in pvp .
you 're much better off with the curated nation of beasts with a dragonfly spec mod on it .
like i said it sounded more like an irrelevant statement that had nothing to do with anything that i said .
i waited 5 days for the refresh because i was n't paying for it .
i dunno indies cant live off of small profits their work tends to be only continued if they have a cult following or massive success .
depends on how big your bond was as to how much you keep .
because a few marks on the mirror and carpet do n't sound like highly expensive issues .
if it 's lodged through the rta though you can not just take her bond ... if she applies for it back you 'll have to contest that.. lodge a dispute.. enter into mediation and basically fuck around a bunch.. start of the year the wait time for mediation was 3-4 months ... ... if you do n't reach a settlement there it will go to qcat where you pay and again wait again ... ... and based on your gripe i 'm guessing she will win that ...
you 're better off getting a quote for the carpet being cleaned.. or to hire a cleaner and tell her she can either do it or pay you that plus a reasonable fee for you to do so .
i found out the magic of second hand when i rapidly gained weight knowing exactly what fits you well means you can get some pretty nice clothes for a cheap price because you know the fit .
as of right now i would never ever get something that was n't on sale but maybe that changes once i get an actual salary !
i have n't added anyone on my german server so far .
anything that usually has constant rate is not an exponential function so b and d are out .
c is talking about a constant increase per square inch x variable so c is out .
a is talking about a percentage decrease which means that this is an exponential relation .
any situation involving percentage increase/decrease is usually an exponential function .
i really hope this is a litmus test for stupidity .
the idea that a dumb internet meme could spur someone to do something as dumb as this is hard to imagine .
are people starving for acceptance so much that they will resort to this level of stupidity ?
this morakniv model has interested me since i pay a lot of attention to making a fire thus having a fire starter at hand is always a good idea !
she stopped making youtube videos and now stars in tv series
pushing the issue as much as you are just puts you on the side of your racist parents .
i know you said you 're worried they 'll cut your daughter off but that 's clearly a risk she 's willing to take .
have some backbone and stand up for your daughter and stop caring what racists think .
sounds like maybe you 're not just worried they 'll cut her off ... you 're worried they might do the same to you .
in which case you have to decide what 's more important to you keeping the peace and your inheritance or keeping your daughter and not being a cowardly racist .
i think the middle word might be саарал ᠰᠠᠷᠠᠯ gray '' though ?
due to not being able to eat high fat foods .
you\`re the ones stuck with the ne huntards bro .
1 hour playing alliance and you lose all faith in humanity
i completely started over a couple weeks before iceborne came out so i 'm not mr yet but i finally got an hr odogaron gem last night after farming that sumbitch for a full week .
i was trying not to obsess but the odo belt was the last armor piece i wanted to get before i moved up to the next tier of monsters so i could n't justify going to hunt something else .
my boyfriends butt is worlds better than mine i 've tried working on it but my mom bod just does n't want to cooperate .
this probably does n't make sense 4k upvotes later lol
nah b let the kids play and focus on finishing in the top 4
so a moron that dropped out of high school should receive the same pay ?
have fun in a fucking economy '' and society '' where even with 3 jobs you ca n't earn a livable wage .
less than 5 of workers in the us hold multiple jobs and that has been on a consistent decline for decades
you may be different but that does n't change how they act on average .
no doubt about that and i think we as the crowd no matter how many we were gave everything we had to make it an unforgettable show !
the first few jobs i had were cashier so it 's not like a high skill set..the comments were about demeanor and sometimes lateness but you notice a lot of people there were dumb and lazy
it looks like you are asking about a software/app product feature .
we are not a software/app support subreddit instead please inquire in r/techsupport or a sub dedicated to the software .
r/help is the sub for questions particular to reddit itself .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whatisthisthing if you have any questions or concerns .
what are some examples of it being overly verbose ?
not saying it 's not just trying to get an idea of what you mean
i do n't want them trying to diagnose missed texts and phone calls .
ik woon zelf helemaal niet in maastricht of omstreken maar van de week zag ik op deze subreddit een oproepje voor mensen in die omgeving .
misschien kun je eens contact zoeken met die poster en kijken of jullie wat voor elkara kunnen betekenen .
you can actually do this in bfa aswell during the assault world quests horde npc 's will be fighting alliance npc 's and both factions have to kill npc 's or players if you are on pvp there .
too bad npc 's die so fast that it 's hard to even get a cast off usually .
eli is not a lock i am sure he makes it in but he is a qb and his last name is manning .
all the edelman talk is just a few sports media looking for something to talk about .
mais desastroso que o placar foi a entrevista pós-jogo do carille .
the article says the church negotiated the debts down which collectors were ok with because they were about to get millions anyway .
i opened my ally account in 2016 when the rate was 1.0 .
now to get my dad to believe his really creepy 9 year old who seemed normal yesterday to make some wise investments .
it will be a slow burn since i never paid attention to who won at sports but after i predict chernobyl and list off all the future prime ministers and american presidents he will get on board .
it will probably damage his psyche but whatever he can cry about it in a private jet .
man if only labor regulations were a huge part of all free trade agreements 🤔
just ride summer gloves mesh summer jacket jeans and boots
i 'm hoping for a 2017 situation where we somehow survive to the playoffs and then get a bunch of reinforcements .
i recall the mcmillon was already jogging the week before the duke game ?
damn i 'm not even good at living in this game .
just dying around and here you guys talkin about dlc
the real dirty trick is that losing weight actually accentuates the problem .
as that chest fat gyno is so stubborn that the rest of your body leans out and you have two big utters sticking out .
save every penny you can and have the surgery young .
godzilla could stand a chance vs ainz and this is a thing people on this sub will argue with me on but ... godzilla has tanked a blackhole he has tanked a world ending meteor and he has taken on enemies three times larger than himself and come out on top .
but that 's also where the problem lies how exactly godzilla will view ainz since godzilla never cared much about humans or their interactions aside from few films .
yeah when it comes to pure damage godzilla can easily tank anything ainz can throw at it but has it shown any resistance to things that just kill ?
she says look out for the signs but does n't provide any to look out for .
j'avais compris j'ai juste redistribué ce hors forfait sur l'ensemble des 2 ans et je continue à penser que c'est pas bien cher payé pour tout ce dont tu as pu profiter jusque là .
would be dope to be included in the playlist with my new single fuck a day off tell me what you think .
if he truly loves you he knows your cycle .
there 's one with taylor being kaisers daugher and learning to take over the trade while starting school at winslow .
i think she has some kind of metal power .
no clue about the name i read that one ages ago .
your submission was removed because your title did not begin with an age number .
please include your age at the start of your title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gayskype if you have any questions or concerns .
the ones in bars and casinos always charge more too .
i went to watch it expecting something great and felt it was the worst experience i had in a movie theater
came here to say the exact thing ... why no bucket ?
yeah but here even the dialogue is referencing the dio and jotaro encounter .
do you really think that leftist views are self centred ?
heck the government planned to have hms prince of wales be a catobar carrier but scrapped the plan because of rising costs .
money is n't necessarily the issue but the government 's willingness to spend is .
i have a 2000 1500 that 's coming up on 300k and still running like a champ .
people think i 'm crazy for driving a 20 year old truck .
insurance and parts are cheap and i 'd trust it on a long road trip .
that 's why i did n't touch albw since i could n't play alttp .
i thought four swords was only playable with 4 people until now i typed four swords on google and it showed four swords vs four swords adventures and stated that you could play alone on the gc one ... nice to know 13 years later lmao .
i actually own a copy of ss but i do n't have a motion plus i 'll probably borrow it from my cousin if he still has it .
once you graduate and working everyone will forget where you went to school !
if your partner came down with mysterious ailments every 28 days nearly on the dot do n't you think you 'd start to at least subconsciously keep track ?
put it this way men do n't have to deal with it directly but are still affected by it which means we can and are motivated to devote that much more time and energy towards anticipating and recognizing it .
it 's like piloting ... nothin ' at all nothin ' at all nothin ' at all
so the people who get fun dominating a bot exist damn
do n't ever feel like you have to conform to group beauty standard .
my boyfriend prefers au naturel and i 'm completely fine with that .
i once dated a guy that tried to convince me that my refusal to go bald is gross and considered unsanitary .
i pointed him to all the science that shows the exact opposite .
this made me throw up in my mouth a bit
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include any text in your submission .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/spirituality if you have any questions or concerns .
private pilot here normally you should contact regierungspräsidium for permit .
later into the song there are actual lyrics the song title is praise of the gurvan shariin nuruu '' i.e praise of a certain mountain/hill .
oh well got ta at least be happy for the 0 ml
also sick of the fall of xbox '' rhetoric they 're doing perfectly fine better than they were last generation you can argue over who 's the better company or console or whatever but using this tiring click bait bullshit and cherry picking every single point to feed into that console war fanboism is just petty and old .
not even exploring the major strides they have undertook in recent years to rectify their past is ignorance at best .
and ruining crops because it hasnt rained in a really long time .
including the fact that if anything does happen one the government would have already prepared for such a possibility and two they have time to hide anything there if there 's anything in the first place .
i mean i may watch a streaming myself but i doubt much will happen .
besides we already know aliens have infiltrated society and have already made up pasts beyond 1947 way back and have infiltrated human memory .
they sure have a badass and beastly dark side love the ominous looks of them as well as the tremendous shading incredibly well done !
it 's good to know others are in the same boat .
i 've definitely had to learn the best way to talk with mr magpie about all this because like your husband he does n't want me to not share .
i have thought of couples counseling as well but i have a feeling he would resent it .
it 's not that he does n't feel grief .
it 's that he is so fatalistic and so quick at processing everything with cold hard logic that he often does n't give me space to work through my own emotions so it can come off as minimising my grief or anxiety or whatever .
we both have a lot to learn about supporting each other and infertility has certainly taught us a lot already about our relationship and ourselves .
at the moment i 'm really hopeful that we 'll come out the other side whatever that may be stronger together .
i 'm still hoping someone who works in insurance will weigh in .
do n't call some 24 hour and get a quote '' line .
find the name and number for an actual local insurance agency and call and ask to speak to the licensed agent in charge .
they are a dying breed but they exist for a reason .
get an answer from someone who both knows your local rules and has their license on the line with their answer .
thanks kat and i guess titles stick whether you like them or not .
yeah totally get its a all stars season but i think majority would 've chosen robbie zach any day .
u/super2cu would you be willing to unpack this a bit ?
i was born and raised in london by first-generation african parents .
i do n't feel less english rather than british than anyone else but obviously my heritage and traditions are quite different to a lot of white english people 's .
but i think my outlook on life is quintessentially english as a result of having grown up here .
it does n't bother me at all if you or anyone else thinks there 's an ethnic or racial rather than cultural element to full '' ?
englishness/britishness you 're entitled to your opinion and your opinion does n't affect my life in any way .
worth pointing out that this vile hijabi bird is probably somali .
as a culture they rival irish travellers for insularity and racism i doubt she has much love for englishness/britishness herself .
i do n't think you 're in the right subreddit ... .
there had better be a fukken i 'm '' hidden under your hat you poseur
imo net admins are a dying breed and are rarely needed outside of large enterprise and msp 's so good choice there .
i 'd skip cisco as the cost is n't worth it for the paper as much these days but the knowledge is mostly useful .
also the idea of a pure sys**admin will be next on the chopping block imho most things have an engineering and development edge now at every level .
focus on architecture and configuration development and deployment most of the future of current corporate it is stitching together saas solutions customizing/deploying foss software on nix boxes and general windows desktop/sql/ad stuff .
look into iaas automation etc even if you 're not using it a lot it gives you skills elsewhere .
server 2016 aint bad to get in the door .
i 'd look as aws and azure certs maybe some rhel stuff .
i 'd also make sure you brush up on python and powershell and build yourself a resume of git examples .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
you may get a useless mentor 's ring but you may also get op ayrenn .
auburn gresham houses do n't look shit like that .
not saying anything about this post but chemical imbalance theory is shaky and does n't have a scientific consensus .
also a lot of people are drugged and see no change as they go off drugs .
stop being so old-school by condoning child abuse and assault .
unruly kids are all winners and deserve a gold star for participating in chaos .
mynameisjerm steve_hofmeyr thanx to my parents as well maybe if they let parents spank their kids when needed they wo n't destroy schools .
run up to front of arena starting running left and jumping to negate the slope .
2. dodge toxic balls rolling down and get relatively close to the edge of the arena
3. start throwing pipe bombs near the top of his head so that they hit his chest area
ca n't wait for gro and kmag to bang wheels
maybe they 're betaing the american people into voting for them ?
to respawn instance bosses you just have to click reset '' .
more about icm and the fact that they ca n't call you unless they have a decent ace or pair which the odds are low of them having if you have an a in your hand
i mean jesus would n't have invented the black box if he wanted good gawd fearin christians exposed to that sort of sin and degradation .
sometimes you just ca n't opt out of eating the elephant .
sometimes that 's all there is to eat and you need to get at it before it goes bad .
i mean it 's a metaphor anyhow no one 's literally eating elephant here .
dumped all 114 tickets and my saved up 44k gems on yuna 's banner .
was only able to mlb zack and seven and no yuna ex .
some more from this photoshoot plus more here https fitnakedgirls.com/gallery/julia-zubova-nude
what i wrote was built around what jkr said about unicorn wands .
then again i 'm not sure if inverarity will take any of it into account .
presumo que carluxo vai soltar uma bela e farta ejaculada no cinema https www.reddit.com/r/brasilivre/comments/chj3so/em_entrevista_carluxo_conta_que_batia_punheta_pro/eutrtni especialmente se ele for militante de no-fap september .
what we need is the big gain of ditching fossil fuels .
the difference between nuclear and solar is tiny in comparison .
48 vs 12 is tiny in comparison to the reduction you get from ditching coal 820 or gas 490 .
the sudden urge for a nap can strike at any moment lol
sorry but whomever who took this did not love her work .
probably the most disrespectful thing you could ever do to an artist..
i pulled off a 130k damage 2.5k base experience and killed 5/6 opposing teams players last night in ranked one of my best ranked games ever .
still got called an asshole by the cruiser on the team because i was hiding behind an island at one point just one point .
this point being after tanking 1.5mil damage and losing 90 of my hp i was waiting in safety for 20seconds for my heal to come back so i could get a big chunk back lost to he spammed helena before going again .
some people just have no idea and no matter what you do someone will be salty .
or the 3rd option is if you really like cavani you can keep them both and rotate them so you ever have to worry about him losing stamina .
thank you very much for this painless transaction my friend
💫💫 kane 's middleman services and megastore 7.0 💫💫 https www.reddit.com/r/starcitizen_trades/comments/aesd8l/store_kanes_middleman_services_and_megastore_70
since i dont know what specific champions you are pointing to i can only provide general pointers .
most of the time you have to respect their range in the early game and you will have to use abilities to last hit with this is obviously easier on some champs than others .
the match-up will usually swing when you unlock all your abilities and can provide kill threat you can use this to threaten all-ins by walking up to them or trading them low since ranged champs tend to be more squishy .
you also have windows to farm when a new wave arrives since champions like jayce or quinn usually aa you to poke you out they will take minion aggro from the new wave often resulting in an even trade without you doing much .
so use these waves to pick up a few cs .
most of all remember that their job is to win lane by killing you while yours most often is to simply survive again very champion dependent as such as long you dont feed you should be fine .
if you can provide more details on what matchups you struggle in i will try my best to help and if i can im sure some else can
sure.. it will allow u to get to the duo tokens faster..
i did n't have to think about that till i read this
i agree with the wtf '' why is the picture sideways ?
if they make it part of that intouch ... hell i might even sign up for that too lol
i literally never saw it called dm until the classic relaunch .
it 's actually kind of weird to see it called dm because i think they 're talking about dire maul
i 100 ed on 360 and nothing ever came.of the mystery so it was a waste
would love to get a pair at retail but with with how the last pair went i 'm not getting my hopes up
do you think it 's possible to fit a toilet and a sink in a 136 with a twin bed ?
where in your routine it falls thinnest to thickest after cleansing .
most likely before moisturiser but depends on any toners or other serums if you have them
chain signal before the splits rail signal at the start of each split chain signal at the end of each split and rail signal after the splits .
isnt he known for getting scored between his legs ?
once again they 're paving the way for others to follow .
i 've lived in the south for almost 10 years .
it 's beyond awesome to be able to watch the lions again .
my folks still live in michigan so now i can call my dad on sundays and we can watch the game together again .
all he had to do was not lower his head and it does n't get called ...
i do n't mind production being strict with the rules and not making them redo it .
laurel did n't follow the rules so that 's fair .
but what pisses me off is how production picks and chooses when to make them follow the rules strictly .
a lot of larger companies have a large online pool that every applicant has to apply through .
what my company does is if we like a candidate at the career fair we take note of them and pull their resume and application and forward it to the department team we think they would work great for .
moving from c25k to running a 10k is pretty simple
run 5k 3x week for a few weeks until your comfortable with it .
add a 4th day running 5k sat or sun do that for a few weeks .
start adding some distance to that 4th day every week or two ... 4 miles then 5 miles till you hit 6.2/10k
the recoil feels more in fp than in tp plus its more consistent because when you are standing up the sight is stable also as you said the iron sights are just horrible
our current state licensure has a code that is worded in a way that says we are not allowed to conduct psychological assessments .
there has been debate about whether or not these are psychological assessments .
we are currently waiting on the licensing board to give a firm answer on this .
i would hold off on doing these assessments until we know for sure !
i 'm not tryna set you off i literally dont understand ...
if he is n't parked in front of the net it seems like he 's completely lost .
you can buy them online or have one made if you want .
you can get just about anything engraved to serve as your token .
what a fucking useless hitman whoever hired him needs to get their money back .
the things a inch marker can change when you are talking about imperial to metric conversions .
i bought these to try because they were buy one get one free .
idk who 's in charge of that tower of heads thing but for your consideration ...
i feel like you 're way overthinking and over complicating things .
go to the courthouse host a small lunch/dinner at a restaurant .
people will bring you cash gifts if they want without you having to set up a gofundme or cash registry .
if you just do n't want to have a wedding it seems even more inappropriate to hit up family for money .
1 bc they wanted to put it towards a wedding not necessarily your honeymoon 2 a lot of people associate wedding gifts as a social obligation only when attending/being invited to a wedding 3 people have been giving money for centuries.they do n't need to be told that money is appreciated .
if they want to give you money they will .
my mil suggested she get another vehicle before the repo this car .
how would they give a loan for another vehicle with a debt/income ratio etc .
from what you have said mil is giving terrible advice .
you mentioned she has a 585 score on credit karma .
currently the average fico score 8 in the us is 704 on a 300 to 850 scale .
at 585 she is deep into sub prime territory .
this is the arena where traditional lenders wo n't touch her and the only auto loans she is likely to be offered will be just like the one she already has .
borrowing more money does not and can not fix this problem .
its why this game will never have long term sucess ppl defend this game think its amazing till they play and face all this shit and boom 1 year later they fall for it again in another fresh start thinking and praying something will change it wont .
this game is fking incredible i love it but sadly things will never change cos its run by lazy idiots .
apartment complexes but you could definitely find a small cheap house or a duplex or something .
am i the only one curious about him shitting in his cubicle ? ?
sometimes he 's the punter too but that 's the only double duty
you should bend over that truck and remove that shorts
i 'm alright with big dick nick coming through in the 9th
so now through no fault of my own i have 1069 conquest points ?
i 'm gon na miss several weeks worth of molagora and energy .
that 's a fucked decision if i ever saw one .
so do you think it 's an attitude mindset problem or is it almost purely a lack of sleep ?
because if that lack of sleep continues your relationships with one another are only going to worsen along with both of your moods and mental health .
4 hours per night for 4 months is insane and it will end up with the two of you being insane .
i know you have kids and other things to take care of but 4 hours per night is unacceptable .
perhaps your efforts can be spent more on figuring out a schedule where both of you can get a solid 6-8 hours .
the chest values have been more or less the same since the beginning .
it was fun at that time but now there 's so much cards it 's impossible .
also a tip may be is to just grind one card by constantly requesting .
i got my first card zap to max that way .
i 've never met a leftist in real-life who has actually read rules for radicals i 'm pretty sure the vast majority of people who actually abide by alinsky 's literature are people on the right who 're acting as hyper-accelerationists in some sort of let 's become exactly like them so we run this train off the tracks . ''
or who knows maybe they just love being tutored by obscure dead leftists .
thank you for taking the time to write this .
this needs to happen to undo the damage of bad precedents set by trump administration .
if his administration gets accepted as the new norm the country is fucked
you can check out r/wownoob if you have questions !
they could have his focus be on whip sword attacks to differentiate him .
or as others have said make him like pokemon trainer and have him commanding dimitri claude and edelgard .
the problem is the terms dark and deep web have been used interchangeably while they are wildly different things .
i have a few services running out of my basement right now that only i and 2-3 other people know about they are not indexed by any search engines but also do not contain anything of interest you would want to see .
there are multiple darknets around the internet of pseudo-anonymous networks where people are free to share data without knowing who is on the other end and who is doing the sharing .
if you ever work a corporate job you will find that they will also have a very large amount of data only accessible to employees this can easily hit the terabytes and higher this is also part of the deep web but also is incredibly boring as nobody cares about tps reports and pto requests .
so yes they both exist but are n't as interesting as assumed .
we are n't going to tell you here either .
girls are going to disappear from your life faster than that pathetic mustache if you use the term friendzoned. actually you know what finish growing out that mustache and when it 's full in your forties you can pet it at night and pretend it 's a woman 's hair because you 'll always be alone .
right but something so personal to the hero like what was going on in ant-man also means we do n't get a lot of traditional superhero stuff .
love this country sad to be leaving in a few weeks .
usually they just say deleted where the text used to be .
i only use stockx for pricing info details and 360 views .
i do not put my card on my account or place any orders .
f u c k s t o c k x
i feel like the first slide should say ‘what i 'm watching when mom is in the room ‘ and then ‘what i 'm watching when she leaves the room '
yeah because ‘makin the libs cry ' is the only thing that really get 's you goin these days huh ?
not sure why you actually want that corrupt pos in office but i promise you no matter what happens i 'll still be laughing at you .
there 's something tragically comedic about a person who works against their own self interest and takes joy in doing so .
but waller does seem to be a focal point of that offense .
skylander reference in the house ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
depending on the collective agreement incidents like this only stay in the employee 's file for 2 years before they are purged
he looks like he 's having so much fun .
there is a post of people willing to be interviewed with their disciplines .
so are you suggesting i use 75 kwh rather than 80 for my calculation ?
giving stanford so long to set up their blocks with some sloppy sets and they 've also made some ridiculous digs .
i think we 'll settle into the match a little more but it sucks we might give up the first set to do it .
stanford is a really good team and probably still the number one team in the country despite the rankings .
this is a fantastic early season test no matter what .
edit also giving up three aces in a set is brutal .
and she went to college where her father taught in the pnw.faculty brats usually get a break on tuition .
apple will send you an email either tomorrow or friday that you need to sign and attach to your door releasing all liability from ups that you do n't need to be present .
while it 's cooking mix together 1/4 cup of soy sauce 1/4 cup of brown sugar 3-4 minced garlic cloves 2 tsp of sesame oil 1/2 tsp of ginger black pepper and crushed red pepper .
when the beyond beef is about done pour in the mixture and stir .
he can fuck wherever he wants if we 're broken up .
i said he was more attractive than me i did n't say i was a hideous sack of shit with no future .
when he speaks to you at school calmly tell him please leave me alone .
do n't show emotion and just repeat something like that and then walk away any time he tried to speak to you .
if he approaches you in front of people remind him you 've asked him to stop contacting and approaching you .
you do n't want to give me any ammunition to turn this on you and make you out to be the bad guy .
if you ever feel unsafe with the approaching speak to a counselor at school or a teacher .
there 's still not a ton of games that you can play co-op together and that have a story mode .
i recently left my old dojo for a new one because the people at the old dojo were toxic and even though the new one has maybe half of what the old dojo had i am 1000 happier .
i do n't know if he did this personally but alaska was also opened up for drilling during his reign so there 's also that
government switched to feudal after using the excommunication exploit before i converted to change succession law .
while he does play ouroboros pretty well it is n't neccesarily as much as you might think .
more over i am not really sure how much it really disrupts ouroboros 's plans .
good and evil can be difficult lines to draw in trials games .
enemy and ally change side from time to time depending on what the motivations and ideology of the people involved are .
in alot of cases even the villians feel they are doing what they are doing for a good reason or cause .
the file is called livekernelreports that is all i know .
scene looks like when he was on the lamppost in the book .
i 'll drive you crazy and i 'll kill you all .
questions seeking help support or technical assistance should be submitted to our support megathread .
alternatively you can submit a post to r/techsupport or join our discord server https discord.gg/x2smsbz .
if your post does not violate the rules of this subreddit please message the moderators using the link below and it will be reviewed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/google if you have any questions or concerns .
i thought u had to learn how to manual to bunny hop
if he was cute do you think i would be needing help
this could be me and the sexy singles in my area but they playin games
they disabled the map then fixed it pretty quick .
is this an alt account you only use for online dating ?
i see nothing but posts about how do i '' having to do with dating going back four years which seems ... excessive .
is it possible you 're just coming on too strong or trying too hard to control the outcome of things ?
i 'm not sure casting blame on the man is going to help get you to where you 're going .
you may be overthinking things to the point that it 's interfering with your ability to be in the moment and make a connection .
maybe taking a break from dating is the thing to do so you can form a genuine friendship first with no incentives and then let something naturally develop wherever it 's intended to go .
i had a lot of fruitless dating and found someone who wanted what i wanted '' on eharmony .
we got divorced a few years later because we were n't actually compatible despite what we had advertised to each other .
i am now with someone who was my best friend for a few years which is an avenue i 'd never taken before .
good luck and try to take it easy give your mind a break .
and if they do n't you can always knock them out ! !
the cars can belong to other people obviously one belongs to the night guard and the other cars belong to the bouncer maybe phone guy ?
but i learned it from the duke boys so i 'm good .
part of that is that he often makes fun of the bad youtubers things like intentionally stumbling through ad libbed dialogue awkward cuts choppy camera work .
its hypersalivation not just the name for it happining all the time
as such justice is an ideal toward which we must strive knowing we ca n't actually achieve it .
i have a mate also interested both played fantasy before but not dynasty .
i had no idea they made kits for these !
los angeles san francisco new york city and atlanta are some of the best ive heard .
rent in los angeles is gon na be at least 1000 depending on what part of the city you choose .
i 'm not usually into the color green but honestly this is gorgeous .
like the jordan peele movie ... ... .. get out !
this is a reminder to flair this post in r/whatsthisrock after it has been identified !
under your post click flair '' then identified '' then type in the rock type or mineral name .
this will help others learn and help speed up a correct identification on your request !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whatsthisrock if you have any questions or concerns .
well if i learned anything from being 3 or 4 years old .
other people do n't really matter and only my emotions are real .
this the 6 highest post all-time and it 's not even old .
even though they were already a customer in this case
same thing i always do ... go flying around my dream like neo .
i 'm still salty about nexus blitz not being permanent it was such a great mix of sr elements and randomness that the mode didnt get stale while also having a good shot at being a decent ranked game mode .
their reasoning for discontinuing it was very poor imo considering their results was mission based when they missions were random and required a fuck ton of games to be played to complete them something that actually made the gamemode stale .
have it be the event/reward i need to complete the mission and c. be able to do the mission requirement with said reward it gets boring if i 'm only searching for 1 or 2 things every game that might not even occur .
i think you 're just confirming my point sorry bud .
if you have netflix check on there it 's available for me on there and i 'm not from the us .
again things that you may assume are theft do n't always mean they are as i stated i have done none of the sort .
take hollywoodshono for example a injustice tuber who now occasionally plays he uses tons of glitches as well not once did someone state him of commiting theft in the game .
literally thousands of people learned the methods from him and used them .
the only bad things in this game are bugs and hackers that 's it .
no one gives two shi about someone using a glitch except for you literally .
when kids looked at textbooks in the 1920 's they probably said these pictures will be on the internet some day with funny captions
unfortunately pinterest decided to stop working and reverse searching does n't seem to help much .
well chest isn‘t an issue for me either its more about legs .
i feel i have to defend brian a bit here .
frank always pushed back against the idea that the fremen were just arabs .
he also drew inspiration from many other desert-dwelling cultures from the navajo in america to the san of the kalahari .
herbert 's interest in native american culture is well documented not least by his book soul catcher and it 's not ridiculous to see a native american archetype as part of the makeup of stilgar .
and brian is not the first to suggest that the migrations of the zensunni wanderers is meant to allude to the jewish diaspora or the israelites wandering the desert for forty years .
certainly the memory of their years in slavery in fremen tradition seems to evoke the importance of stories of exile oppression and persecution in jewish culture .
the parallel of the fremen 's wait for a messiah is obvious .
that 's not to say that the fremen represent '' jews but it 's not an idiotic argument to say that jewish elements were part of the mix when frank came up with them .
depends why they would come back along with what killer it is plus where you are hooked
if i 'm playing trapper and got you in basement i 'm not gon na leave basement bc i can probably get at least 1 or 2 ppl back on hook in basement i would be giving up a powerful position
but if it is a bubba just in the corner with insidious yes that 's bad
i played one earlier today im afraid of pichu 's now .
rather like the warmth of blood and the wamrth you feel on a sun burn .
yeah there 's tons of people who go around acting as if they know shit when they do n't .
i saw one guy complaining that the cryopods in botd do n't rotate like they 're supposed to then this other guy comes in claiming rotating cryopods is harder than it sounds even though it 's actually really simple lol
i platinumed trials rising too there and loved every second so dont get me wrong haha .
however.. this game barely involved bikes and involved a lot of rediculous tacky platforming and shooting and grapple hooks etc .
was offered travis kelce and kalen ballage for my tyreek hill and tarik cohen .
i tried to use gorilla glue but it did n't work do i used a bit if folded card stock to wedge it in but there is apparently a gel gorilla glue that works work well .
i will have to have a lower calorie dinner and skip lunch but the doughnuts made the splurge worthwhile
moving to euro would simplify operations for our companies but i believe the eurozone should address the elephant in the room the fiscal union before adding even more load to the struggling system .
the current state is n't sustainable or is it ?
theoretical models of critical mass have shown how minority groups can initiate social change dynamics in the emergence of new social conventions .
here we study an artificial system of social conventions in which human subjects interact to establish a new coordination equilibrium .
the findings provide direct empirical demonstration of the existence of a tipping point in the dynamics of changing social conventions .
when minority groups reached the critical mass—that is the critical group size for initiating social change—they were consistently able to overturn the established behavior .
the size of the required critical mass is expected to vary based on theoretically identifiable features of a social setting .
our results show that the theoretically predicted dynamics of critical mass do in fact emerge as expected within an empirical system of social coordination .
experimental evidence for tipping points in social convention https www.researchgate.net/publication/325639714_experimental_evidence_for_tipping_points_in_social_convention
would you recommend me doing a ng+2 run or just ng run.i kinda feel that ng+2 is going to be a lot harder.ng was really hard for me.vicar amelia laurence the first vicar was really hard for some reason.they had really large health pools and did obscene amount of damage .
though to be fair i thought it was all blugrassy covers of metal .
i tried going back to the old tab at the new distance .
the new tab is olympic style with a shelf pinky rest finger spacer and 2 layers of leather .
the old one was a single ply of leather .
i 'll try taking one thing off at a time until i find what 's causing it .
it 's the hellfire pass minus all the '88s and burnt-out matildas
that latmov restriction is only for smcr latmovs not for the psep .
if cp gives you push back you 'll need to get creative in making them do it .
again recruiters get forced to add recruiting command spin on it all hence making it unnecessarily complicated and painful lots of extras with them .
the worst for me is the entire fricking exchange at the beginning of every millificent manastorm fight .
if i have to hear another shriek of miiiiiillhoooooooooooooouse !
what about the other thousands of animal species extinctions that humans caused ?
for the cutscene you should be able to view it in the gallery under the extras menu on the title screen and toggle what gender byleth is when you replay it 👍🏼
this is real here 's https www.pinterest.co.uk/pin/809240626769874454 another pic from the same photo shoot .
looks to be from the late 80s although i could n't find an actual date anywhere .
also afaict you ca n't watch offline without both paying and having an ios device .
anyone can rmb what speaker 1-6 was abt and the options also ?
well hatchbox is 23 and prusament 25 without shipping .
and prusa shipping to me in europe is at about 7 for two spools .
i have come to realise that the world as i knew it had ended ...
but really whatever it is we believe i 'm sure the ones we loved would n't want to see us all broken and torn .
i 'm now 5 weeks in and still a shambles .
be strong when you must and seek refuge when you can .
if i do it for the config will it disable it for everyone else ?
i find that hard to belive maybe you are bad at technology
cornrows and braids like that are a real skill that 's why there are specific braiding places usually run by black women who know how to do it .
your average white hairstylist wo n't be able to do it .
and i very much doubt that the people doing these kind of parties are trained beauticians or hairstylists .
she had already planned on having a small potluck after church and she feels that that is already enough i agree entirely .
we can rent the benches at the church and that 'll be where the potluck is held .
nate diaz vs masdival for the bmf belt is cringy as fuck they do n't need that shit also i 'm more looking forward to maia vs askren instead of masdival vs diaz
you 're also trusting in the non-existence of automated review-bots pushing a particular viewpoint which might be the case for all of the first 24 hours .
corbyn is a run of the mill socialist as seen all over europe to be portrayed as this political anti christ where tories prefer significant harm to the economy '' or break up of the uk over a corbyn pm is astounding .
if you 're gon na complain about toxicity you might wan na stop displaying it yourself .
i think i had a crush on this version of carmen when i was a kid .
there 's a meme of people going to storm area 51 today .
the military obviously is n't going to let anyone in so there are jokes that people will be killed .
and the previous commenter was saying if you went to area 51 then it would be a good way to commit suicide .
another casual terrorist attack performed by the usa got ta keep the taliban angry to sell weapons huh ?
i will be ordering something from you guys just because you did good by the costumer and i like that .
i like that a whole bunch aaaa service that make you feel safe .
the 3600 and 3700x gets similar performance in games .
the 3700x is ofc a bit faster but the 3600 is so close to it .
if op can afford a 3700x it might be a touch better otherwise the 3600 is such a good budget choice even at 144fps .
as an immigrant i felt close to people who play d d .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
sentomaru said that those ones were outdated models from 2 years ago so upgraded models exist .
i did n't love him anymore and wanted out .
he was not making out easy for me i wo n't go into it because its too long a story and i do n't want it to become a wall of text .
i foolishly stayed with him even though that was not what i wanted .
i would n't have sex with him when i did i would starfish and hide my face .
i would n't hug or kiss him and barely spoke to him .
i felt nothing only slight disgust and hoped that he used protection at least .
i would n't say that he was definitely justified because of my behaviour because he could have left me but i could have left him too .
now that i have hindsight i know that it would have been much kinder of me to just leave .
i ca n't just say oh well he should have just walked away from the relationship before it got to cheating point but i think he thought that i might change my mind after all i did stay despite my feelings .
unfortunately your submission appears to mirror a common thought .
please remember that as per rule 1 all showerthoughts must be original and unique .
i initially wanted to find a way to get ts to generate the index.d.ts file given a list of d.ts files and include them in it without having to add an index.ts myself .
the problem for beto is that most of us understand that the relevant law here is the 2nd amendment .
i live in a fairly rural part of the uk and to a lesser degree it was a consideration we were told it was something you should n't really do but no one could articulate why for context i did n't even see a poc not on tv until i was about 10 .
now i ca n't imagine trudeau was in the same boat as op or even me but i can imagine that he was n't exactly faced with just how offensive it could be in the wider context or realised to what extent in the rarified bubble he was educated in .
i 'm not in a position to accept or decline his apology but given his actions since i think it 's pretty obvious that he now holds some pretty radically different opinions from 20years ago
got ta say that 's one dumbass sb using blache that late into the rotation not to mention he did n't even utilize one of sb most broken passive .
people say that sb is a braindead class but it took time for you to really figure out what is the at least optimal rotation .
well pink is what i tell myself anyway my signature colour 😂 i 've ordered a small and was like should i get black ?
nah ! 😂 and at least it 's based on a holy trainer it was £18 on ebay so 👀😂
tiktok 's parent company bytedance is based in china and complies with chinese censorship rules .
as the referenced washington post article https www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2019/09/15/tiktoks-beijing-roots-fuel-censorship-suspicion-it-builds-huge-us-audience points out tiktok also applies those rules to conversations happening outside of china
popular hashtags used by hong kong protesters that have spread widely across other social media barely exist on tiktok .
the antielab hashtag a central organizing post named for protesters ' resistance to an extradition bill seen as weakening hong kong sovereignty has more than 34,000 posts on instagram but only 11 posts on tiktok totaling about 3,000 views .
the hashtags for hongkongprotests and hongkongprotestors some of the biggest rallying points on twitter return either a single video or an error message could n't find this hashtag check out trending videos. the hongkongprotest hashtag showed six videos totaling about 5,000 views .
searches on the tiktok app in the u.s. using chinese characters produce similar results .
the thing here is is it cancelling democracy if actually following a detailed look into what it means to leave the eu both in the short term and longer term in regards to our economy do you not perhaps feel it would now be more democratic to put to the public another vote to decide how we leave ?
i voted remain but i have accepted the result however i feel it should be us the public that gets to decide by seeing all the relevant facts predictions and expert opinions of business leaders economists and other experts whomever they may be in order to make an informed choice on the future of the country ?
i 'm not saying remain should be on that ballot paper although i dare say there is a possibility it could swing the other way but i do n't think anyone voted for a no-deal or the current deal being offered in fact they possibly voted for a nonsensical unicorn type of brexit where we got the best of everything never going to happen but hey we can dream ca n't we and so we should get the opportunity to choose .
yea but they are n't just going to litter 15 year olds with .50cal rounds .
you can read all kind of nonsense writing does n't create truth .
science has been pretty clear about the lack of any indication that homeopathy works beyond the placebo effect .
there are right-wing muslims here playing the victim card .
haha that first photo the guy kicking the ball looks like vinnie jones
i was just trying to asses from what everyone else 's goes up every year based on their initial loan amount .
taxes are different in every state or city but i was n't sure if this is a normal increase or an absurd jump .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason
rule 7 no memes or compilations such as starter packs '' .
a meme by definition is a humorous image video piece of text etc. that is copied often with slight variations and spread rapidly by internet users .
if you have any questions regarding this removal it 's best to send us a modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnostalgia .
i 'd chase a passion i 'd otherwise not seriously consider .
doing a stage unpaid internship in a commercial kitchen learn new skills through online tutorials read more books in the middle of the night or exercise more often probably not .
the last video of the three it was all the dildo lol
the cropping is n't shit it just was n't even attempted
there was like a hundred people at the gates .
note prices used are crypto.com trading rates to ensure the alerts are as close to the app price . ''
this here is very important because cmc has really been providing all sorts of useless data lately .
also you do n't want to open a folder especially if it 's called homework cause you need to let a man study .
i feel like the big entertainment figures in korea are just too intertwined with the police and legal system for them to ever be prosecuted of anything significant .
instead the small but no less guilty performers and workers get punished as sacrificial lambs .
true but he always goes so early with the calls .
even if he 's right i still do n't like it
if this is still available i 'll take it .
a local college is trying to make a point of planting lots of fruit trees around campus so people can just grab a snack of whatever is in season
and going to a lakeshore is a great idea that i might not have thought of .
i just work very close to my fellow co workers .
mark has always been just ... . such a beautiful human being .
remake it with proper cgi instead of ropes imitating tentacles with more interesting way of presenting the plot and at least make an english-language version the witcher
imagine the dreams i would have had if i was sleeping .
but one screens map is more zoomed in than the other ?
kharn is also a dirty fighter so the point holds .
but there 's only two of us playing '' .
i understand that these two phenomenons are fundamentally different .
my question goes along the line of looking for similarities that might nevertheless improve our understanding of them .
and my point was that i do n't see such parallels and to impose them on uncooperative facts is likely to obscure more than it explains .
an historian has to take care not to build himself a procrustean bed we ought take our facts where and as we find them .
there had been mudéjars for centuries and it is true in the end those who had not emigrated were expelled .
but none of that is any kind of parallel with spain 's experience in the new world so i fail to see the point .
the spanish like everyone are romantic about their history and had a popular mythology about men like el cid who become national heroes with a narrative that is at some great remove from the facts .
so if you look at the stories that men like cortes and pizarro told themselves or their popular audiences they not infrequently posed as great christian knights in partial emulation of heroes of the reconquista but that 's historical fantasy not historical parallel .
if an american soldier in iraq finds himself inspired by say ethan allen well that 's interesting as an inspiration but that does n't mean there are parallels .
so that 's the strongest parallel '' i can identify the story that the spanish told themselves about their own national project during their age of exploration was forged with stories from the reconquista they were n't anything much to do with how the reconquista actually happened but rather the national mythology of it .
but you can point to all kinds of things that were very different starting with the social origins of the men driving the processes .
the reconquista was substantially driven by aristocrats notably the military orders santiago alcantara calatrava and montesa were the most important these were men of high status and not directly looking for money .
in terms of social origins they 're different from cortes minor nobility and somewhere between poor and average means and pizarro the illegitimate son of a colonel and apparently without much education as a child he seems to have been illiterate .
the conquistadors were men who very much in search of an opportunity in the world that they 'd never have had in spain .
to the extent that there is a parallel beyond inspiration i 'd look more to spain 's experiences in the old world than the new .
the 80 years ' war/war of dutch independence has the kind of duration and scale to compare with the reconquista a similar identification of the enemy as a usurping enemy of the faith a high born aristocratic commander the duque de alba and complicated international politics .
i 'm not sure how useful the parallel is that is i do n't know what question it answers that ca n't be answered without it but its a parallel you can draw if you like .
just have to then go and find some explanatory power for it .
the military orders and the war of granada 1350–1492 . mediterranean studies vol .
peruvian wealth and spanish investments the pizarro family during the sixteenth century. the hispanic american historical review vol .
callaghan joseph f. the last crusade in the west castile and the conquest of granada '' university of pennsylvania press 2014
do n't forget to mention that less energy means less heat .
just a couple degrees but it 's a great bonus for keeping the switch in the dock all the time .
maybe his recovery is decent horizontal wise but vertical wise is pitifully bad .
grounded up b has a high startup and because of that is not a really reliable oos option .
back air is pretty good but is literally his only decent tool in neutral .
and yeah his cargo throw combos and shenanigans are also pretty good but you need to get in to use them and with dk is really hard to do that .
he has some great strenghts but his weaknesses are super exploitable and more prominent than his strenghts in my opinion .
however you can still get really good results if you know how to play him well but is going to be harder in comparison with other characters with more options and less exploitable weaknesses .
the dude above is 100 talking about worlds groups though .
not necessarily all cosmetics should be monetized like over watch does it now a lot of cosmetics if not all i do n't remember are unlockable with in game currency and can be bought with real money too .
i as someone who has even more than 2000 hours on this games still see this as an issue .
i have a second account now and i see how unfair this feels for a new player .
the difference between a new player and an old player should only be skill gap game play wise which is n't really the case with r6s .
the game differentiates between new players and old player on game play tools operators .
the system right now just makes it too grindy to unlock all operators and makes it just waaaaay easier '' to just buy it all which would cost more than 100 dollars if i am not mistaken .
in conclusion i feel like this constitutes a pay to win situation .
careful chief do n't want to cut yourself on all that edge you 're sporting .
holding the right stick definitely activates the other players force field bubble but i 'll be damned if i do n't do it 80 of the time .
has someone swapped his vino for nescafe without him knowing ?
tell the homophones that you 'll pray for them satan has clearly made a home in their hearts if they can be so cruel to a child of god
a lot of this is likely to be familiar to people who will see it here but one line of argument against revoke as a policy seems worth highlighting
the decision to make revoke their policy of first choice ... points to the question of exactly what kind of member of the eu would the uk be after revocation ?
the only way that would be good for both would be a wholehearted re-commitment or one might say for the first time a wholehearted commitment by the uk to the eu .
how could that possibly be achieved on the back of a revocation which even if undertaken by a majority government would very likely only have the backing of a minority of voters given the first past the post system ?
there 's also an issue about how the uk would ever be well represented by meps given how eu elections tend to go .
if ... brexit has weaponised parliamentary and direct democracy against each other then revocation without referendum can only prolong that conflict .
revoke makes an easy target for journalists and political rivals who can paint it as ‘undemocratic ' .
this means that every interview and debate in the election campaign will get hijacked by that accusation .
as a matter of ... remainer political strategy revocation is a good policy .
for it does have the effect of re-defining the spectrum of possible outcomes so that it now runs from revocation to no deal .
this in turn means that another referendum ceases to be at one end of the spectrum but instead is a species of ‘compromise '
police helicopter with an ac unit attached at the bottom .
they 're putting ac units on the roof of fairview mall .
sorry to hear about your mother and your cat mate .
cars can be replaced but i can recommend t.s elliot 's books about cats to ease the pain about losing your furry mate .
hope you find peace mate do n't find solace in the drink people care and love you i 'm sure .
just sold '' his eldest daughter to some old guy from neighbouring gypsie village for an old beat up mercedes 190 and 3000€ .
that 's the most gypsy thing i 've ever read .
he gets too much hate he 's a great player .
i just want to know how they made room for the pilot 's balls in that thing .
he was there for a month until gardner beat him out it 's in a sports illustrated article i 'll find it on my personal computer when i get home tomorrow and send the link !
everyone would buy the pre purchase because they would have the mentality they could always just re sell the game if its shit .
this would do more harm than good to the industry .
i thought the name of the bf is a total giveaway .
some of the top posts in aita feel like the jerry springer show on reddit '' .
wasnt anakin shown how to fly a space ship by that ric character ?
anakin knows how to fly a pod ... then he was shown basic space ship controls .
either way r2 flew for him most the time and then anakins ship got shot down ... then anakin pressed random buttons until the misstle came out .
i had this happen to me but i kept playing and everything started working after a few minutes .
when it happened to me i had just respawned and i got the feeling the server just had n't loaded everything yet .
i dnt agree with tipping in general but i do tip at restaurants .
however i dont tip for take out bc i 'm the one who did the work of calling in and driving down .
wow went way out of your way for me there .
i 'm expecting the disney service to pick it up and combine some of the series .
i 've got some more bad news for you ...
thank you for saying the unpopular opinion of the week .
so many but picky and whiny babies complaining about glitches they have n't even encountered 😂 having a good time playing ?
do n't swoop to reddit so these cry babies can sit in their echo chambers of this games trash because minor glitch this minor glitch that .
it 's a god damn game not a simulation of the real world .
it ai n't gon na be perfect and nor are they .
sorry had to vent with ya 😂 shits annoying as fuck with this whole customer is always right so lemmie tell you how to program a aaa game and run your company .
fuckin ignorant cunts i tell ya 😂😂 this is the first post combating the sperg lords edge lords of reddit and i commend you for it sir !
how about the 80 pieces of shit that saw an opportunity to score fake internet points instead of stopping a murder ?
he has been trying to prove himself the last 4 years though .
i will message you each time u/gsquadonline posts in r/dndgreentext .
click this link http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=updatemebot subject=update message=subscribeme u/gsquadonline r/dndgreentext to join 12 others and be messaged .
the parent author can delete this post http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=updatemebot subject=delete message=deletecomment t3_d6lo0l
faqs https np.reddit.com/r/updatemebot/comments/4wirnm/updatemebot_info request an update http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=updatemebot subject=update message=replace 20this 20text 20with 20a 20line 20starting 20with 20updateme 20and 20then 20either 20a 20username 20and 20subreddit 20or 20a 20link 20to 20a 20thread. 20you 20can 20also 20use 20subscribeme 20to 20get 20a 20message 20each 20time 20that 20user 20posts 20instead 20of 20just 20the 20next 20time your updates http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=updatemebot subject=list 20of 20updates message=myupdates remove all updates http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=updatemebot subject=remove 20all 20updates message=removeall feedback http np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=watchful1 subject=updatemebot 20feedback code https github.com/watchful1/redditsubsbot
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason
this material has been posted recently or is a common repost .
check the common repost list https www.reddit.com/r/vaxxhappened/wiki/reposts and sort the subreddit by new '' and by top '' before posting please .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
hi gary i purchased the theme and opted in for the beta testing .
although the guy did a great job on the theme itself i immediately noticed my battery level dropping considerably faster than normal .
once i switched back to the ux 8 theme everything was fine again .
are you seeing the same issue on your phone ?
i sent him a note but have n't heard back from him yet .
something that caught you off guard because you thought it would be completely different ?
who ever the cunt downvoting is go back to fucking instagram
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that any unserious content in this thread will be met with infraction point s https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_point_system.3a .
if your comment does not contribute to the discussion in a serious manner it will be removed .
please report any comments that do not respect this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've been to africa and it 's usually the well off people who have internet edit full time wifi
the fact that detroit exists is proof enough god does n't .
a just god would n't let such a place exist .
imagine being a human being who judges people on their height .
late on this but the book hatchet by gary paulson has only ever been made into a straight-to-vhs dud .
we all read it in elementary school and it would be a fantastic movie .
honestly fortnites a good game it 's just all the screaming 10 year olds who ruin it .
we have about four hours together as a team and you have to plan stuff outside of that with your partner s .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/billclintonfancy if you have any questions or concerns .
they were total shit and within about 20 minutes of gameplay you 've already found stuff way better .
i think you are busy having a different conversation in your head than the one actually taking place .
you said to trust americans to spot fake news .
now you are trying to make inferences out of that that just are n't there .
you have until 09/20 08:23 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20190921t002358 .
u/llamositopia and u/xboy623 reply with normal squib or onside and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.kickoff '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' d5x3c1 ''
i like the enthusiasm but the mismatched volume is starting to annoy me lol
dell s2340m on the left dell u2410 on the right
ok being serious though i like the answer far more than most people but i just absolutely can not stand metis .
she got no meaningful development have yet to beat the answer though i 'm only about halfway through and it 's been a really long time since i last picked it up so do n't take my word for this had a personality that was somehow both boring and annoying and just had no reason to exist .
i 'd call her my least favorite character in all of gaming not just persona .
i 'll be perfectly honest she feels like a 10 year old persona fan 's oc to me .
i hope you know there will be more memes about what happened afterwards
i got the off switch greased up pretty well .
e also what cctreez said about it building this is the results '' aspect and i agree .
if they were going to reveal that uldir would have been the place to do it .
i think trolls are still a natural race but the well of eternity just sped up their evolution because it fueled life on all of azeroth
here 's a modified version https godbolt.org/z/bbkwlo that is segfaulting .
your guesses make sense but i would still have to argue that this is a pretty fair optimization .
i agree i 'd rather have a compile error notifying me that ub is being invoked though .
i do n't know of any such organized effort to prevent the public from reading them however because they are very old scrolls all but one on animal skins/parchment and many are merely fragments of documents i suspect they would n't want just any joe shmo to handle them .
also some of the scrolls were taken by different collectors/artifact hunters and many of the original scrolls are in museums in jordan .
the specific scrolls referenced in the wsj headline quoted above had been in the hands of a private collector and were bought by an antiquities professor from a university in jerusalem who used a false identity to make the purchase .
there are english translations for most of the scrolls .
also keep in mind that the first scroll was found in 1947 and it was a few years before they started searching other nearby caves .
by that time the un had essentially annexed part of palestinian territory to create the new state of israel .
the qumran caves were in palestinian lands near the northwest corner of the dead sea .
related tensions made it a lot more challenging to do any exploration in the area .
photographs of most of the documents were published in 1991 and most of the scrolls had been translated and published in english by 2001 .
take a nice photo with both in it normally the .
just select the photo from the camera roll in the app .
a little flat and little too far right for a great drive but still quite good since you 're hitting from the deck .
do n't pull your head at the end to follow your shot i have the same problem and a similar slice .
for me male or female that shot would get upvoted but it seems you and others have an issue with voting for things simply based off gender .
take some probiotics or eat some greek yogurt/drink kefir .
make sure you take the antibiotics with a meal as well .
there were a couple cov weapons i liked at the very beginning but the benefits of other guns was better imo so i have n't used cov since maybe level 3 or 4 .
i 've played around a little with atlas but not enough to really know what 's going on with them .
do the atlas guns crit when you 're using the smart bullets ?
my reasoning is that if they can take back some marketshare they can put some money into r d and bring competitive products to market from all brands .
i would probably switch teams if amd was completely dominating
aaaand that 's exactly what i 've been saying this whole time .
do n't know why it took you that long to understand .
what i learned from this video ... lay wife beater out as soon as he steps up because blue shirt is gon na sneak you from the side while wb is jawing at you
my king you 've already eaten 5 edmontosaurus this afternoon.
true you are a white nationalist and a social reactionary and that is a byproduct of your poor character .
right now i 'm seeing articles as late as august 1st and 2nd that contradict each other as to whether or not it 's happening or happened .
are we really going to trust them with secure data ?
i can only imagine how cool it would be to experience motm for the first time again .
i thought the same but the gnd actually involves switching to a degrowth economy .
i 'm pro-choice pro socialized health care and pro gun control .
i 'll still happily fight alongside conservatives if this turns out to be yet another cheap tactic to silence conservative voices .
it was shit back then so it 's acceptable today ?
my first instinct is that it 's a cigarette carton but i ca n't tell without finding a better resolution .
like for real watch the netflix show queer eye .
they give out great tips for dressing in a manner that feels comfortable for you and that fits your style yet while looking refined .
at this point i only have approximately one year of research so ...
well that sort of implies that i 'm going to just wing it .
which is definitely not what 's going to happen .
i do wish i did more research in undergrad but that 's all in the past so it would be worth my time to look forward and build myself as a potential md/phd student .
he lost to the warriors a couple years ago by getting injured .
only right kawhi gets his revenge by beating them when they were injured .
geelong 's forward line wo n't contain a single player who grew up on or near a dairy farm
the less personal hygiene the more pussy power a man holds
i can guess all i want what i might prefer when i 'm 65 but i 've learned time changes everyone .
would you trade the inkosi for a zieba heritage ?
she did n't say just that she would share more details soon .
origin i use only to uninstall the games to make room for more steam games .
all other game services are a waste of time .
i gave up every single summer since eighth grade summer for the sat and summer classes and i was so close to a breakdown .
then bam collegeboard slaps me with the math curve and i 'm at a 1490 10 points away from my goal .
i now have to relive the stress on top of community college classes and ap until november and it 's worse this time because school officially started .
if i do n't get that 1500 or above my efforts will be wasted and i already almost cried the first time after seeing my score .
you 're not alone and collegeboard ruins lives for profit
your situation is exactly what i went through 3 years ago with my last dog .
the last 5 years of her life she had a disgusting chronic illness that cost thousands of dollars in vet bills and none of them were able to help her .
i love my clean dogfree home and my free life .
i do n't want to place them anywhere i wo n't want it eventually so i 've tried to be careful .
since it is so expensive to reset a full augment set .
but so far i 've done adventurer augments full 50/50 on h ! elly and g ! cleo .
they 're both good because they have no weak element and i use them both in hdts with pretty strict stat requirements .
for wyrmprints i 've only done 50 str on seaside princess for mg. and added bonus since i also use it for hmc .
it is no accident that you did n't capitalize the president 's name .
it 's also obvious that a childish intern is running this account lmao
okay that 's interesting nonetheless and thank you for the information .
i 've heard of people doing this in texas specifically .
lol anything in the bay area for example is so so so expensive anyway that real estate would probably be hardest for berkeley .
how long did it take for you to establish residency from the beginning of the process ?
would you say it was worth it in your situation ?
and behind even thanos there was another more sinister force at work ... nike !
personally wish they would stick to original killers least then they seem more interesting .
yet when you get big names people will immediately flock to it and give money .
i imagine sales are going to be good too if pennywise joins in .
your post was removed as it did not represent sufficient effort .
have distinguishing info about the author hobbies musical tastes career aspirations etc .
discussion about what chat platforms you prefer asking readers to check your post history and other 'post meta ' topics do n't count toward these requirements .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
if restricting the amount of food you eat is traumatic i should be a gibbering mess right about now so i guess that was a fucking lie .
analysis of u/clever712 's activity in political subreddits over the past 1000 comments and submissions .
summary leans heavy 100.00 left and is probably a communist who wears nothing but plain brown pants and shirts
bleep bloop i 'm a bot trying to help inform political discussions on reddit .
gained bout 27 legendaries and lost ll of the ones not stored into bank
rule 2 please submit memes shitposts to our meme subreddit r/ningen .
rule 2 screenshots clips panels soundtracks and official artwork should be submitted as part of a text post .
if you have any questions see our rules https www.reddit.com/r/dbz/wiki/rules .
if you believe this removal was made in error send us a message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdbz .
but jaws and gremlins were my favorite movies when i was 6 so i was kind of a weirdo
hmmm ... have you ever caught a wiff of your own bo or your partners or maybe ball sweat and had a thought like disgusting !
i heard jim gaffigan do a bit about that so i know thats not just a me fetish lol
here it is help me edit https docs.google.com/document/d/14dgo2nfdlhqr1kbgagyisasmsaukdkvp9krf8qpxiju/edit ? usp=sharing
i just had fantasies of doing pastry and bread doughs on a beautiful expanse of marble 😭 lolol
it 's also really fucking hard to know in the moment that you 're overreacting .
jungle as well for me also the snow area only decent area there is viking hill imo
thousands of fantasy owners rejoice as henry gets a td .
do you have a family history of melanoma/skin cancer ?
if no one is responding you could try doing it in excel and then just bringing it over .
i dont even tell my family i love you that often .
jihadis that we have captured in the us have been sent to the same prisons as other americans .
lol the left tackle had smoot around the neck with his arm .
they can do anything they want as long as it makes the libruls cry '' .
nope on dd they can reach you hours sometimes after a delivery .
i mean i fully plan on it but it would 've been nice to switch to one cable for all my apple devices .
it 's been around a year since the ipad made the switch and i can only assume it 's to maintain lightning licensing deals for existing accessories .
right like i wan na fuck a bitch from saturn or some shit .
i believe in reincarnation so one day i 'll get my chance .
my grandma died and then in the next year or two my one sister had a baby .
so now my mom is the grandma in the family .
the first show in october is full 2 hours on usa .
sounds like you 're using the stuart batty approach .
the easiest answer is that you may be rubbing the bevel rather than gliding it seems like you do n't think so but it remains the most likely .
how confident are you that the grind is good ?
significant deviations from 40 degrees will not cut as well .
how long is your gouge handle what diameter gouge and how far are you off the rest at this position ?
longer handle and less tool unsupported dramatically increases your mechanical advantage and will minimize chatter even from uncooperative pieces .
a smaller bowl gouge will flex under stress with less unsupported off the rest .
however most people tie december with winter mentally even if only half of december is winter so it 's very unlikely .
if a 16 year old c-student can pass the written test with a 98 and the driving test with a 100 the standards are too fuckin low .
painting contractor acting as the gc on the project ... .. thinks he can just core drill a little hole in the concrete and epoxy a fence post in to a depth of about 6 inches .
also thinks he should just run down to the hardware store and then have one of his painters install the thing himself ... . it 's been super fun .
best part is that the fence is already installed and he 's asking the client to pay for it and i 'm still over here rejecting his submittals ... .
thank you i have n't played any but i heard it is extremely difficult .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
i agree 100 i was expecting harry potter level movies
it 's not a blackhead it 's a scab .
my question is do you guys think that ca insurance companies are going to continue to be able to get away with this ?
you 're not the first person who has wandered through this sub in the past few weeks with this problem .
property and casualty insurance is a healthy fragmented and competitive marketplace at least in a this is how capitalism is supposed to work '' sort of way .
so get away with this '' feels like an odd choice of words since you 're referring to getting away with not making money by not insuring people and not collecting premiums from them '' .
if there is a way to make money insuring homes in areas with high fire exposure somebody will eventually find it .
if i choose to sell would i be making a long term change due to what could possibly be just a short term problem ?
after hurricane andrew 20 insurers went belly-up in florida and left the state holding the bag but the market eventually figured out how to price the risk .
there 's different sorts of insurance products with special deductibles for certain exposures and such that a florida adjuster could probably tell you all about but they figured it out .
i suspect with the fire risk in ca there 's probably going to be some rather draconian changes in building codes and heavy-handed rules about landscaping and such .
i 've been half-following this topic but i 've seen a few examples of homes in completely burned-over areas that survived because the homeowners spent an extra 10 making more sensible choices with materials .
it 's not impossible to make houses fire resistant .
something like half of pregnancies in the us are unplanned it 's not unusual .
and if you 're happy about it congrats that 's all that matters .
there 's like a tiny shade of red in the east compton area what 's uh what 's going on there lol
it 's preventing a company from generating profit by not working until a demand is met .
if someone tries to cross a picket line and work anyway they 're hurting the cause .
i 'm currently on page 196 but i think i still have the original version from july .
i think i 'll need to update and go back .
shots heavy and takes a long time to get through and actually understand each section .
our bois in area 51 can now try deflecting bullets
the outsider made this ... and this is the center . ''
it thought it would be funny to have my house be somewhat off . ''
list out your 100 then remember completed romance series no oneshots no hentai that have no characters that could ever be seen as rivals to the main pairing .
i just checked and not only is her page still there she just uploaded a new video to it .
automod does n't even seem to work it only posted some of the responses out of what should be like 10
the issue with dymo though is it needs the label hole to know when to stop .
otherwise it will just spit the whole roll out .
that is why you can not use brother or zebra labels in a dymo such as the free roll from ups
for the ticket they show you a picture of you before the stop line with the red light and one of you in the intersection .
just because you might of seen it flash does n't mean you 'll get a ticket .
the only guess i can conceive of is since apple is so user experience centric and 90 of people are right handed when you 're holding a siri remote your thumb naturally rest on the menu button but when you 're wearing an apple watch on your left wrist for right-handed users that same menu button is closer on the opposing side .
i was really impressed by it and wished i lived closer to go more often !
did you get hurt because i hurt the poor trumpie 's feelings ?
there were already significantly more weapons in the earlier version when those still needed to be picked up on the field instead of being upgraded .
my assumptions is that they are holding back on adding more variants until further down the line with updates .
edit it also already says that this is the case in the roadmap for q4 of 2019 .
i lost it a 'chicken tendies ' for some reason
anyone else catch the hiking story where one of the kids yells at her because she 's falling behind because she 's too busy on her phone and you hear her say exasperatedly i 'm coming '' 😂 she 's going to be so much fun with kids
does n't have to override they can inform each other .
just go to a vendor outside one of the dzs and buy it ... that how i got it .
we love your pictures of chonkers but the only thing we love more is a fine boy who was a chonker and has become healthy !
if this is your chonk please check out these links .
how to put your cat on a diet https pets.webmd.com/cats/guide/healthy-weight-for-your-cat 1 questions and answers for getting your tubby tabby back into shape https pets.webmd.com/cats/guide/fat-cats-getting-tubby-tabby-back-into-shape 1 is my cat obese ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chonkers if you have any questions or concerns .
definitely get pick pocket first and just go to the ball handler and spam square on the side the ball is .
i only have bronze and i can get like 6 steals playing on 5 minute quarters usually .
i 'm a digital artist and specialize in fantasy art and dnd character pics and i 've done tonnes for my groups own campaigns including dramatic action and battle shots !
you can find examples and my rates here https alchemistanddruid.wordpress.com https alchemistanddruid.wordpress.com and here https www.instagram.com/alchemist.and.druid https www.instagram.com/alchemist.and.druid
as a general mark though a scene illustration would generally run you about 150 or up depending on number of characters and complexity of action actual comics should be 25 50 a page depending again on polish and b w vs. colour .
i would love to do more of this sort of work though so if you 're at all interested in discussing please feel free to pm me or email through the website !
downloaded the update from gigabyte and updated it with bios to f40 so it is possible that it was doa but it might be that my a320 since it is not the v2 model actually does not support it .
they get lots wrong about nyc i 'm sure but i 'm not sure what they get wrong about upstate .
59 because i spent around 80 gems before few days now i have 159 haha
nothing would change except the unlock systems and progressions are now all directly tied to transaction
i 'd rather live like a king in iowa than a beggar in new york .
which is n't fom so wont work for the eu .
did you just make this about america you absolute weapon ?
a max for pascal wo n't be insane like it is for middleton .
it 's not a good deal but it is n't awful if you look at all the players getting max deals .
as you go make now if things you want to explore .
then when you have a good list subscribe to a paid site like ancestry for a month find as much as you can cancel when the month is up go through everything you 've downloaded hi back to the free site and repeat .
thought i had seen the whole thing but it just crapped out the last 5 seconds .
ajax manager ca n't remember his name in-game 4213 .
has been my favourite so far but i 'm waiting for a good 41212 which is what i ran with most of last year
you can join the church but you ca n't leave non-members alone ! ''
half of this subreddit is just 13-16 year olds trying to act cool by posting some videos of toddlers who have not that capacity to think well and yet they forgot that they have done more cringy and stupid shit than almost all of these posts .
mike mccoy was historically awful and got fired mid season 2 years in a row .
after being fired for bringing his team to 4-12 and 5-11 no less !
when you want to have the moral superiority delusion of a vegan but you just ca n't give up that tasty bacon .
being vegan does n't make you better than any gotdamn one .
it just makes you weak and more likely to die of heart related illness you vitamin deficient useless scrawny fuck .
employees can choose to work for whoever they like if they find their employer to be irrational heartless and unpredictable in the manner you described they have the right not to work for them .
and that company will likely fail because it 's unable to attract any decent employees .
as long as a company makes a '' profit how much is that ?
they should keep low value people employed just because ?
i 'd rather companies let go of unprofitable employees and instead invest that money in new technologies/medicines etc to make society better as a whole .
you 're not doing people any favors by keeping them employed at a job they suck at .
that 's exactly how it was last year lol .
they took out the option to bypass ltd 's entirely this year .
then they do this gauntlet players not going into power up shit .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required bracketed title tags .
please see rule 1 of our posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/guitar/wiki/welcome wiki_posting_guidelines
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/guitar if you have any questions or concerns .
ah see i do n't have an obgyn everything here is done through the gp and they do n't do fertility tests on the nhs unless you 've been trying for a year
if people do n't buy mario rabbids kingdom battle at 16 i have no idea what they 're waiting on .
also civ vi for 20 is super tempting since the dlc should be coming soon .
all the depression of meth addiction but spread out over years instead of concentrated in one dark period .
i 'm not sure it 's possible but you can try nested macro to artificialy create longer macro
that 's why i spend 40 tickets chasing her when she came back ... and then never used her .
much better than that incoherent mumbling these new rappers do
and you believe that d she 's is broke and got a lawyer who bills 250 an hour .
i think like two people have already gotten shot and killed but idk how reliable that info is .
i interpreted the article to mean that they are reducing the number of trips not dropping the line altogether .
i suggest we all throw out the term common sense . ''
many things that seem intuitive we in fact find are exactly the opposite .
there is almost nothing common in our experiences that define knowledge perhaps gravity ?
laughed way harder at this than i should have hahah
i do n't think frontier would ever consider taking back cash made from an exploit like this as it was technically their fuck up not you going out of your way to abuse the system .
also happiness is the worst mechanic ever introduced in pokemon
that 's what the rest of the team says now when they pee
i shoot a very broad spectrum from the tamest of softcore to the most shocking of hardcore .
payment generally depends on where the shoot lies on that spectrum and usually ranges from 500/day to 1,000/day with 800 being the approximate average .
days of shooting are usually 8 hours with frequent breaks and i try to shoot enough material for 6-8 episodes .
that being said it 's a point of pride for me to send the talent home happy and it 's not uncommon for me to pay more than the agreed-upon wage if i 'm particularly happy with the results .
sending gifts is annoying so i rarely mess with it besides with my brother .
have you considered searching this subreddit sorted by 'new ' and looking for what 's already been posted ?
the high vowels from middle néregan were lowered while the back rounded ones were raised and fronted .
just start a game you do n't own on epic launcher go setting when you sign in and turn on debbug and restart now when u sign in you can play
i like how the font is getting smaller and smaller as we get closer to your personal thoughts .
it 's really not hard to figure out that there 's sbmm if you 're a top 1 player .
can you comment on why you prefer the poor build ?
i 've only played the big money preston and found him to be an efficient cluever and relatively sturdy to the mythos deck due to well connected and money talks .
big money is definitely worse as a fighter since fire axe is never going to deal two damage .
it 's amazing how many people have these same two cars with the same license plates .
you got an awesome body ughhh those legs are 333
i walked into a thread about praising the new actors specifically to object to one of them vehemently .
downvote brigade was inevitable and just goes to show how bad people are at judging voice acting .
claptrap on the other hand i kinda prefer less grating on the ears .
i 'm having a lot of success because you can get a sliding knockdown off any hit such as off ki blast/beam vanish combos which then leads to pressure on wakeup .
his lvl 3 also does high damage and obviously he has the beam assist
the way they got up on the treads and started hitting '' him .
also i feel if they would just beat the man for not moving they would have tried a lot more to stop him from destroying the car .
oneens we moeten wel weten dat het is gebeurd en wat voor een invloed het heeft gehad op onze maatschappij
with his line who do you put as front line with his line up ?
the surrounding area just does n't have the resources to support it .
and it would be too costly to ship supplies in .
there 's been a few fights this year that seemed like they took off before the light .
it seemed like sow also started to spin up but i would need to rewatch to confirm .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
sorry u/douglassil your submission to r/deezer has been automatically removed .
this subreddit requires your account have a karma standing of 10 points to interact .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/deezer if you have any questions or concerns .
all of them at once or can i get only some ?
i love 90s toyotas and even i think that looks dull ...
here in ontario all locations i 've seen said and electronics
because of the fees they charge it can be cheaper for some routes to just go the other way around the world .
there 's a video that explains all this in great detail but i ca n't find it .
i believe that 's if you shot an arm legs would receive full damage but even that damage is a result of the damage being spread over every limb
but we do n't have a full throated response from democratic leadership calling for impeachment .
damn is she sexy i 'd love you fuck her
i hope for the sake of your neighbors that you live in the middle of nowhere .
but it sounds like you 're proposing to change ford 's character which is a much harder change to stomach
i 'd like to see our big beefy boi shaking his funk before during and after .
my parents when i was a teenager what do you mean ‘you 're depressed ' ? !
you have too good of a life to be depressed !
there 's nothing wrong with your life so get it together !
my parents when i 'm in my 20 's and spend 75 of my free time in bed .
there was a lot of violence back in the day when those guys killed my grandpa and i miss him
very much and feel the effects of that today .
i am completely unrelated to that and if you try to rationalize your hatred for my entire family by pointing out the sins of those that are long dead you do n't deserve any sort of sympathy .
i hope you are n't the type that believes poc ca n't be racist
i fucking love bb so much just finished my third rewatch a month ago and it blows my mind how much better the show is now that i 'm now a dumb 16 year old .
the way walt is portrayed is honestly the best character work i 've ever seen .
the thing that stood out the most on the rewatch is how he manipulates jesse .
from the start he uses him never thinks about jesse 's well being only himself mostly and it killed me to see jesse go back to working with walt so many times .
bryan cranston as walter white is the best thing that 's ever happened to television
it was relaxed literally a month ago lmao .. idk where you got that from
the labor ministry also revised labor laws in 2008 in order to give women the choice to work .
women no longer require a male guardian 's approval to get or leave a job .
in the same year authorities also reversed a ban on women staying in hotels alone .
... ... ... .even if you made any sense at all..
i do n't think that indicates any progress for a country to apparently only let women drive and travel without male permission simply so that their economy would n't be affected and not for the rights of women themselves ... but alright .
it does saudi is opening up and in a genreation or two it will show you the actual effects .
the prophet ﷺ said a woman should not travel except with a dhu-mahram her husband or a man with whom that woman can not marry at all according to the islamic jurisprudence and no man may visit her except in the presence of a dhu-mahram. men are in charge of women by what allah has given one over the other and what they spend for maintenance from their wealth .
so righteous women are devoutly obedient guarding in the husband 's absence what allah would have them guard .
but those wives from whom you fear arrogance first advise them then if they persist forsake them in bed and strike them .
but if they obey you once more seek no means against them .
indeed allah is ever exalted and grand. 4:34 ... ... ..it 's a no brainer where these guardianship laws came from
lets go though this firstly a women can travel on a journey alone without a mahram for three nights
sayyiduna abd allah ibn umar allah be pleased with him narrates that the messenger of allah allah bless him give him peace said a woman must not travel for three days except with a mahram. sahih al-bukhari no .
the saudi law allowed women to travel but with the permission of there guardians that was not from islam that was saudi making its own rulings up that has nothing to do with traveling without a mahram .
the 4:34 verse does not apply here why did you bring it up and the beating is not even a beating
mu'awiyah asked messenger of allah what is the right of the wife of one of us over him ?
he replied that you should give her food when you eat clothe her when you clothe yourself do not strike her on the face do not revile her or separate yourself from her except in the house .
abu dawud said the meaning of do not revile her '' is as you say may allah revile you '' .https quranx.com/hadith/abudawud/usc-msa/book-11/hadith-2137
it was narrated that sulaiman bin amr bin ahwas said my father told me that he was present at the farewell pilgrimage with the messenger of allah .
he praised and glorified allah and reminded and exhorted the people .
then he said 'i enjoin good treatment of women for they are captives with you and you have no right to treat them otherwise unless they commit clear indecency .
if they do that then forsake them in their beds and hit them but without causing injury or leaving a mark .
if they obey you then do not seek means of annoyance against them .
you have rights over your women and your women have rights over you .
your rights over your women are that they are not to allow anyone whom you dislike to tread on your bedding furniture nor allow anyone whom you dislike to enter your houses .
and their right over you are that you should treat them kindly with regard to their clothing and food . '
the hadith above uses the word ghair mubrih which means without severity in arabic so breaking bones and drawing blood or leave a mark etc is not allowed .
actually ibn abbas the prophets uncle who said a beating is done a beating which is ghair mubrih is done with a miswaq .
i asked ibn abbas ‘what is the hitting that is ghayr al-mubarrih ? '
he replied with the siwak toothbrush like a twig and the like ' .
narrated by al-tabari in his tafsir dar al-fikr volume 5 page 68
58 to be exact let 's assume a star power is for 20 levels and i have 140 that 's 7 star powers which is 14000 gold for free
sorry your post has been automatically removed because these kinds of posts are being posted a lot and people can not get the help they need to start spoofing .
please read our mega post rules frequent asked questions useful links discord groups ios android spoofing guides https www.reddit.com/r/pokemongospoofing/comments/ck91cb/rules_frequent_asked_questions_useful_links
this has everything you need for pokemon go spoofing friends trades pvp battles free pokemon sniping coords maps and much more .
all you need to do is go to the link and scroll down for all the links .
we no longer allow any pokemon coords to be posted due to the high number of complaints and trolls posting fake coords .
as a result rule 7 no posting of any pokemon coords '' has been updated .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongospoofing if you have any questions or concerns .
i actually did n't mention anything about his intentions to marry you stop projecting your insecurities all over everyone .
you 're living in fairy land if you do n't think he thinks he 's killing it in comparison to his mates .
you 're an utter fucking nimrod if you 're using an ar-15 for home defense .
unless your ass is living in a war zone or a zombie apocalypse assault rifles are shit for home defense .
all titles must start with the words 'this is ' .
titles like 'this is me ' 'this is my dog ' 'this is me and my family ' are acceptable .
titles like 'me ' 'it me ' 'dis my family ' are not .
if you have any questions please review the subreddit rules http www.reddit.com/r/redditgetsdrawn/wiki/index or contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fredditgetsdrawn .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditgetsdrawn if you have any questions or concerns .
same thing except everyone acknowledged it and still talks about it .
the ravenovich game was the worst of all and what do we talk about ?
and we 've buffed low damage and range by 325 ...
someone out there already on 55 points after one game ! ! ! ?
why would anyone in their right mind triple captain ward prowse ? ! ?
bro girls will cry over anything that 's not a valid complaint
the air force would n't even risk that because they would get sued .
a fence and megaphone will discourage 99 of this crowd .
some streets had to be closed and the public transport system was completely overwhelmed by the protesting masses afterwards .
edit apparently 270.000 people protested in berlin that 's 8 percent of the entire cities population !
i 'm sorry girl but this was no coincidence lol
the cerebral cortex develops in every case long after a baby has been detected and long before a crucial decision of abortion would be made .
the cerebral cortex as with other body parts does n't spring into existence in a day .
it 's a lengthy process that is rather difficult to nail down exactly .
so simply saying when the cerebral cortex develops '' is n't a very precise answer .
so are you against gay people in general or just gay marriage ?
well i do n't think their lifestyle is very healthy physically or socially and i do n't think it should be socially normalized and i think that sodomy is a sin .
that said i probably would not vote to criminalize homosexual activity so long as it was done in private .
i think universal tolerance of religion is in every case required .
i just generally dislike it when people from the city move in and publicly disrespect our religious culture and insult us all .
what if the community eventually voted that you 'd have to leave ?
i doubt they would kick me out without cause .
i 've lived here for years they 're all my close neighbors and friends .
i believe that democracy is very important on a local level and its decisions should be respected .
i would n't say yes but i 've been accused of it i wo n't lie .
he is used to meet new cats regularly and he loves every living creature .
he is a very chill cat and he especially loves kitten .
it 's actually the kitten who started this and five seconds after the video they were bathing each other and falling asleep .
they 're both ok with this do n't worry .
is it similar to the qualifier league but without group levels ?
this needs to be posted on southern memes for methodist teens or wth our smu meme page is on facebook
whenever i discuss my feelings for him he just says nothing .
so i think he 's just not into you .
that being the case it does n't matter who he is into .
i 'd suggest not hitting on him anymore and if you ca n't be around him without your feelings for him continuing to develop that you let this friendship go .
in his later years he confessed his anti-semitic views were wrong and openly requested jews pardon his prior views ... .
a jewish invention typical of polemic fantasy in general like darwin 's deathbed conversion .
but of course you can not reply in substance at all .
premium cards do n't have 0 aprs so you 'll be limited to lower tier '' cards in terms of benefits/rewards .
here are some of the better cards with intro 0 apr
chase freedom and chase freedom unlimited good as part of the chase trifecta in particular .
chase ink cash and chase ink unlimited again good if you go for the chase trifecta later
amex blue business plus simple flat 2 mr on everything making it a great default-spend card .
make sure you use a referral link when you apply .
for the amex cards the opening bonus for you is typically higher when you use one too
i want to sign but i 'm low key nervous that you 're going to burn me
it would help if the people telling me to do it would cut down on theirs .
i like some of leonardo dicaprio 's films but when he flies to a paris climate summit on his private jet to tell me to stop driving my four cylinder gas powered vehicle to work it does n't sit well .
that would mean your argument is chicago and baltimore just do n't have enough guns since they have restrictions you sure you want to die on that hill ?
adcs are meant to have a shit ton of damage .
and youre only a good adc if you can kite and position properly .
personally when you compare 'makes snide remarks and took my food ' to 'took ice cream from a baby ' the reaction is so extreme in comparison that yta is warranted .
had she done anything less extremely petty and butthurt esh would have been the only reasonable option .
i 'd do it so it would undo my ch thats not how it works does it
in order to make r/selfie a better community we require a minimum account age and/or karma before you are allowed to post and currently your account does not meet one or both of those limits .
while we do not post the requirements these minimums will be waived if you post a verification photo .
a verification photo is simply a selfie with you holding a piece of paper that includes your u/hamza_pakii_97 r/selfie and today 's date .
more information can be found in our rules and verification wiki pages selfie rules guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/selfie/wiki/rules verification rules guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/selfie/wiki/verification
nor should you delete this post if you are planning to submit a verification photo .
once you submit a verification photo on r/selfie and are approved moderators will release your earlier submissions .
while we apologize for any inconvenience we thank you for posting on r/selfie and appreciate your understanding .
we look forward to seeing you join our community .
please note our account age and karma standards are subject to change so even if you have posted here before at the time of this post you do not meet the current standard .
if you want to ensure you will always be able to post on r/selfie no matter what the minimums are set to you should post a verification photo .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selfie if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not much of a pod user as i like the flavor that rts 's and something like the falcon give you but this has been the first pod system that i 've felt worth of of buying two of them .
they are vw and go up to 40w and use replaceable mesh coils both the new rpm coil and the nord coil .
it 's the most versatile pod system that i know of .
oh they are going to have a rba for it soon if you 're into that kinda thing .
i was thinking that would have been more difficult but a lot of tractors have a shut-off valve .
i 'm still watching so i 'll be paying attention to the fire elemental scene at the festival .
this is the best thing i 've ever seen well among them anyways
my neighborhood had 2 occupied break ins this year .
me and my ex wife separated for the same reason .
after our divorce she was seeing a known meth head
i just came home how have we looked so far
oh they 're not quiet they 're moaning he did n't bury that .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the subreddit 's required tags .
all of our requirements for listings can be found here r/sexsells/wiki/listings .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexsells if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's the entire point of reddit i do n't want to know what it sells for online i want to know what real people pay for ?
would n't this entire forum be a waste of time considering you can just ... ... oh never mind ... clearly you ca n't read and your parents never cared much about education or going to parent teacher interviews
more noise less low end torque and higher power band less fuel economy .
i do n't think his behavior warrants my personal hate as i understand it but you can feel however you want about anyone dead or alive .
originally bought the space black titanium model but when i was in the store today i tried on both the titanium and the aluminum and fell in love with the sb aluminum .
i usually prefer more premium accessories but not this time .
he really want the weapon that 's good ca n't offer personally 40 or 50k for that..thanks for the through
you 've got this fun tradition going for years and years with your friends and all of a sudden one guy gets added in and has a problem with it even though he himself does n't have to participate .
he previously said he had no problem with it .
you ca n't really just go back on that because you do n't like the words on the fabric .
mine just broke down maybe she could use a bullet..
lol jk big red i love you and your 330k i 'll get you up and running in no time baby girl .
there is no direct link that is you smoke you get cancer .
all we know it significantly increases your risk for lung as well as other cancers like colon pancreatic .
i have a power to always predict a raiders 33/33/33 heavies
i read the paper only once and i remember every word !
it 's a very popular stance for people in power to take .
you have until 09/21 10:47 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20190922t024759 .
it 's 3rd and 16 on the villanova 49 .
u/llamositopia and u/xboy623 reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' d5x3c1 ''
facebook has suspended tens of thousands of apps that have in some way mishandled user data as the company faces a range of u.s. investigations and potential regulatory actions .
the suspensions dramatically outnumber the hundreds of apps the embattled tech giant said it had taken action against previously after the cambridge analytica scandal https www.foxnews.com/tech/facebook-says-up-to-87m-users-affected-in-cambridge-analytica-scandal prompted outrage https www.foxnews.com/tech/technology-is-a-crime-scene-and-facebook-broke-democracy-journalist-who-exposed-cambridge-analytica-says from users digital rights advocates and lawmakers over privacy practices .
the tech giant 's investigation of all apps with access to large amounts of information '' began in march 2018 and the suspended apps are associated with about 400 developers . ''
it was hard to watch him in that terrible pirates movie .
all i could think the whole time is how much they 'd wasted him in that movie .
given that she 's only met him twice i doubt she 'll be inviting him over any time soon .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/d7517h/my_weight and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likely consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
fax and he tries so hard to be deep by making some corny ass caption💀
batting .088 the past 22 days but this sub refuses to accept he 's a black hole but will constantly deny to give barnes another shot .
when my cousin 's daughter was around 4 or 5 i used to say okay settle down '' to her just for the hell of it .
she was telling me about something i forget now calmly of course .
she got mad and raised her voice at me i am settled down !
he would tell you that you are just as awesome as he is .
thankyou so much for you insight every bit helps !
how do i check my ratings and the overall front store reviews ?
no where it was in original comment same concept .
i could get 2 days on a charge prior to today .
at 10pm i got a notification that i was at 10 battery and it was fully charged this morning after the update .
i think your comment you 're asking a lot and volunteering very little .
do you want me to draw up a man\*\*o ? ''
was auto removed because it had the word 'man\*\*o ' which i suspect the mods do n't allow after the mosque attacks .
it really important for me as someone who advocates for men 's rights to thoroughly understand your point of view on mras .
asking about what you think mras should be doing will help me decide what issues to focus on .
there appears to be 1 scene of the office in this image .
not much of a story to tell just that it was actually edited images .
u.s. navy ship targeted in failed missile attack from yemen u.s. https www.reuters.com/article/us-yemen-security-usa-ship-iduskcn12a082
i got my finger pinched in a hydraulic vice a few years back .
only 2 stitches but the weird thing was losing the nail .
where did the person you got it from bought this ?
there 's different ways we interact with and make sense of music .
we all usually skip between various modes of listening which include affective cognitive musical i forget the exact terms but you can look them up .
just like we can take a painting in as a whole with emotional impact on us or focus on its physical composition/media used/brush strokes or consider the cultural context and meaning etc so we can do similarly with music .
i 've lived here 3 years and it 's the first time it 's grown here .
emotional immaturity but unwillingness to grow or change all while trying to be an expert on marriage and relationships in her own right plus failing to see her own faults as a reason for keith 's decision .
i do n't know is it actually that gross ?
if i take a shower then wear a shirt to go get groceries and come back why would i need to wash it .
if it 's a hot summer day and i end up sweating just from being outside then i 'll wash it but otherwise it 's pretty much in the same state as it was when it came out of the closet .
imagine actually getting 1mil and being able to pay all your bills and go on a vacation .
ah yes because the government will lethally inject all of us for no fucking reason .
it 's depressing the state of the community honestly .
it 's like me telling david fincher to reshoot the end of se7en because his ending is not what i want to pay to watch .
i did put lotsa effort into the piece and you 're totally right in the sense that i found myself searching for notes at times gon na have to keep on practicing !
i completely agree with you but i 'm assuming op 's intention is to see how they executed their essay not to copy their reasons .
his potm card last year had an incredible swing last year .
if it 's still the same i can imagine the dude hits tanks
before i give any tips i just wanted to say you 're not the first person to feel like this and in fact i think this sub probably gets 1-2 questions like this every day .
something to keep in mind about torontonians is that we are shy and we 're very entrenched in our existing social circles .
i 'm usually the one that has to take the initiative to ask to hang out so i 'm kind of tired of that .
i 'm afraid you 're going to have to do that a lot no matter who you meet .
the biggest thing i 've found with making friends as an adult is
show up consistently even when you do n't feel like it this is key
yes asking all the time sucks but i promise by the 5thish time you 'll start getting invited to stuff too
since you 're looking for work i would highly recommend joining a toastmasters club .
the environment of the club encourages members to interact and you 'll actually build some good skills for work .
for the most part it 's more for professional networking but i 've really come to enjoy the people in my local club and we even have a social committee that 's quite active .
change group if you are with the bad nibbas .
do you have unyielding sentinel marine limbs to trade for it ?
you look like yezma 's prettier and yet still uglier sister .
do you know why sex has never been important for your partner ?
i feel like z and preston already having a friendship before coming here is huge and the bond they 've brought along with zs leadership has been contagious on every level of our defence .
this was pretty specific case but i 'd go a bit further and say that any attempt to pressure a candidate is an immediate sign to either push back or just leave .
people who think high-pressure interviews reveal truths are bullies and idiots .
warning if a user is trying to pm you to make a deal without commenting in your thread ignore it and report it to the moderators .
all activity for trading must start in the listed thread !
new to the subreddit and trying to learn how to do a deal ?
read here on how a deal should go down https www.reddit.com/r/fashionrepsbst/wiki/deals
you can read the rules for the subreddit here https www.reddit.com/r/fashionrepsbst/comments/cqiqrx/mod_post_read_this_before_posting_fashionrepsbst
if you have an issue please tag one of the following moderators or send mod mail
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fashionrepsbst if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's such a kind thing to say thank you !
if either of duck or blacksmith last 3:00 they win .
1/10 unless it displays the characteristics of genres i do n't listen at all then it 's 10/10 .
the real raid was the memes we made along the way
i loved how moto played the character very stubborn .
she also got her character trashed because she lost cases that were very hard to prove with the given evidence .
i read the article and then applied critical thinking '' to the story ...
in which i saw colt align themselves with dickless sporting goods and wafflemart .
immediate deductive powers lead me to conclusion that you are an asshat
l xl and m in grey only the sweatpants had all sizes available .
if you guys have anything similar to this one please share
now this is why she gon na get lewded tonight .
so what you 're saying is challenge them to a game of blackjack and not uno ?
i 'm an enfj female hl and my partner is a male intj with a moderate libido .
i do n't know if we 're the most compatible according to mbti and a lot of people in the intj sub 's personal experiences but we love each other and i do feel highly compatible with him in every other way except sexually .
leaky pipe had literally about 10 rolls of scotch tape wrapped around it .
you can just turn off the whole swipe left thing .
it almost looks like she senses future eren lol .
it 's a hummingbird moth also known as the bee of the bird of the moth https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yiyzmqhum4w !
too bad we ca n't fly the adfx switchblades they 'd be perfect for a little redeye .
if it does n't match you can even load the game
well im 16 had have fairly bad acne what did you expect lol .
yeah looks like roughly 90 of an unpainted plastic model of one .
has there been an uptick in the last couple decades ?
or is this more because of population growth in texas ?
my first dm still runs half of hour games with me handling the others that way we both get to dm and play
math class senior year 2006 guy behind me dozed off leaning forward but not quite touching the desk .
2 pencil between his nose and the desk to prop him up likely disturbing his sleep at least enough to incite a snore-like gesture that pulled his head back slightly during the inhale .
gravity caused the end of the pencil to fall towards him landing square in the back of his throat as he exhaled forward .
the sudden object in his throat caused him to gag and flail around tripping himself out of his desk in such a haste that it took me with him .
luckily i had placed the eraser-end on his nose instead of the sharpened end .
blackface is n't rape murder or joining the manson clan .
it makes it impossible for a white person to dress up like a black person they admire .
the whole black face thing is stupid in my opinion .
let kids stress up and be stupid for halloween .
i believe stephan fry said it best here https youtu.be/lnsbycb8lqy .
your lack of opportunities does n't mean they do n't exist .
i know people with integrative studies degree with decent internships .
also working without pay is a privilege for people within families that have money .
they are n't paid and placer county does n't use them to sort as the op states .
see my post history for 1st hand info on placer county inmate work
i know the thread is dead but this has brought me so much joy and entertainment .
fly leaf i 'm so sick is my inclusion that i have n't seen yet
the white bread thing is 110 a racist thing .
man it 's hard to explain malayalam grammar tbh .
ennal can be used is different situation but mostly the meaning translates to vaguely 'ah alright then '
'enaal pinne ' awanje angu thattiyekam 'alright then we will kill him
and i wear their panties in a size large .
they want the skinniest of the skinniest wearing their stuff .
your account has to be at least 10 days old and have minimum of 50 karma for you to be able to comment on hiring and meta posts .
earning karma means getting upvotes on posted links self posts picture links and links to other content and comments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/forhire if you have any questions or concerns .
the republicans go after both constantly and their voters continue to reward them for fucking them in the ass .
let 's just drop the charade and admit your average voter does n't give a single shit about policy .
with old republicans it 's also mostly just about race if we 're going to be honest .
trump is a racist ergo they will vote for him no matter what he does
no you should n't get a model anything they both have the issue it 's inherent in the design .
my ex still dresses as a home depot garden department employee .
i never really thought of it to this extent .
i enjoy learning different ways to think of things as i like to stay educated and avoid being ignorant .
i do agree with what you 've said above even though my social media profiles say that i like animals more than people .
you found a way to communicate your opinion and thoughts so well without being insulting or insinuating .
as of right now i greatly appreciate my relationship with my animals .
but you 're right there 's definitely something missing that they wo n't be able to provide .
however i will say that my dependence on my animals had saved my life from suicidal thoughts and actions .
i can say that my depression and anxiety are getting better but that 's therapy medicine and my boyfriend all helping .
my animals just make my bad days ... less bad .
but they make me happy so that 's something .
it 's the persona you made because you 're afraid of something ... probably hurt .
i 've been working on my personality the past couple years and it 's crazy how i can actually make genuine friends now when i 'm not so npd .
and it blows my mind on how much i 've been missing out on growing up .
i honestly wish i never had these thought patterns but i guess i did to protect myself from the hurt i constantly felt when i was younger .
please reply to this comment with either '*agree ' or '*disagree ' .
because your vote is now personal we wish to afford some anonymity to users and so your votes will be automatically hidden by the automoderator but they will still be counted .
do not vote on your own submission it will not be counted .
yeah i guess no chance of a future foundation film now though .
you think a single person 's business to a competitor will be enough for said competitor to single handedly fund an effort to overcome the physical and legal hurdles that at t put in their way all in a short enough amount of time for it to be worth switching a service where i can barely stay on the phone for 2 minutes without it dropping ?
the rich call it another payday instead of war .
here 's a news video of the incident it 's better with sound !
true but your angels have arguably two of the top five best players of this century .
i do hope trout gets a shot at a ring someday .
i 'm no stranger to low elo ego inflation so having already gone through that i 'm not delusional about my skill level
half the secret to climbing is to not be in denial about your skill level and you already got that figured .
i took a long time before realizing and accepting i was shit and it was n't a riot conspiracy to keep me hardstuck .
but once you do and work on correcting mistakes you climb rapidly especially with a duo .
never met a matt haig book i was n't disappointed by .
and if you have absolutely no choice but to do something illegal do not get caught .
this is an almost foolproof way to avoid being arrested .
grew up not too far from dundee either man .
but yeah you 're right it really is n't the greatest of places .
you are right but i am just saying the community needs more time to give more feedback about the game what fits what needs to be fixed and what needs to go .
if activision is just a greedy company that does not care what its community says then i have no idea what to say .
the clock in that model had real issues with a resistor falling off the board
it always surprises me how small the amount of money clubs are asked to pay for breaking the law given the overall amount of money in the game .
my bad yes usd and yes including the gun .
yes they do through telepathy glad to hear that !
i could n't strike cos i 'm in hospital so i think i get a pass
i never trekking in chiangmai before so i ca n't give comparison .
the last time i was in khao sok i trekked to waterfalls on cheowlan lake areo just easy trekking nothing like mountain hiking .
for mountain trekking in the north umphang near chiang mai would be a great option .
you could see more info about it here https gobeyond.asia/thailand/umphang https gobeyond.asia/thailand/umphang
well i do n't really know cause i do n't live in us
does it even make sense to make new character in this game ?
i do it because i swear it reduces the amount of raids .
looks like pikachu put up a fight but kitty showed him what 's what .
we were on the verge of greatness we were this close .
so if college student runs a 15 ft 6 amp rated extension cord over to a small table cuts the ground plug off or just bends it out of the way and plugs in his/her 12 amp toaster oven and proceeds to set the place on fire when the extension cord overheats and melts the insulation off is there any chance the institution could be sued for allowing students to use extension cords ?
is the college responsible when students use extension cords outside of the rated functionality if they give blanket approval or tacit approval by not banning them of extension cords ?
why is this in et anyway let 's represent central baby
they 'll think you 're an asshole if you wear nothing but underwear in your own home when your roommate has guests over .
i made a comment regarding this point on r/askreddit .
in what fucking galaxy do people walk around in skimpy clothes when guests are over ?
or even the one woman who wanted to not wear a bra to a goddamn fucking funeral ?
i feel like retching just typing out the words but that 's not policing anybody 's body .
... ..annnnd this is why i never come over ...
if this is a nail look please provide a full product/polish list and/or flair properly .
if this is a text post flair it accordingly .
https www.reddit.com/r/redditlaqueristas/wiki/rules wiki_rules.3a if you followed all of the above you 're good to go !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditlaqueristas if you have any questions or concerns .
i hate night mode but ground war might be good just super clunky right now .
bankdex exchange enables peer to peer trade without any involvement of the third party with the help of smart contracts and a host of other reliable blockchain protocols .
this ensures faster trade as it is carried out directly between traders without having to wait for the approval of an admin .
it was like that for tyler1 and his girlfriend for years until twitch gave him permission for her to at least walk by the camera .
he would always drop the camera down or turn it off briefly .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3aadelaide 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on rss feed for notifications .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3aadelaide 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
read this https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/comments/a12zza/metapsa_one_does_not_simply_ban_trolls 1 https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=1 and this !
starting here https reddit.com/ca5y5d m4f in adelaide to see how long op 's been at it and what responses they 've had and any warning signs like changing stories etc !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
the only reason i decided to go to the military was because i dont want to pay for college since i 'm doing plant science which is a masters degree i never wanted to be in the military just recently decided on it as i am finishing up with adult school
meaning i am not sure she asked them to .
i see these posted and then days later they 're often deleted .
honestly i see it as trying to make a buck off the drama on the gg side .
there are a lot of anime games on steam with full blown sex and no censorship .
it 's chicken little levels of bullshit to act like there 's an anti-anime-titty ban .
valve just has a laundry list of scenes school and appearances loli/shota they 're uncomfortable with .
there are no western loli '' or shota '' games because they 're just straight up called virtual child porn if western and none of those are attempting to get through steam successfully .
there are no cub '' sex games from the furry side either that are successfully getting through steam .
the only place where i see steam being blatantly hypocritical is that they have something of a no anime rape/drug/hypnosis rule .
except when it 's some gender queer bullshit or furry bullshit .
then drugging people with tranquilizers and fucking them is okay .
i can think of a furry succubus-possession game that is n't getting thrown off patron for sexual violence where as there was an anime game thrown out for hypnosis .
both are essentially the same thing subverting an individual 's will for sex .
title character is a member of the no-titty-school-girl-outfit brigade .
https vndb.org/v415 title character is the one with the pink bow and the only girl featured on the title card submitted to steam .
valve has repeatedly made it clear stay the fuck away from school with your adult sex games .
i 'm not going to blame valve for doing the predictable thing and saying no to it .
tags on the title even say '' middleschool student heroine .
i 'm not criticizing anyone for their tastes ... but we are all aware of valve 's policy .
the appropriate weapon is a 2 hander the whole time .
as a welsh fan i 'm not sure how you 're familiar either .
my cousin just got a degree in the same thing .
he travels a lot builds kilns in several cities makes absolutely beautiful work and is proud of what he does .
dead silence needs to be a perk 3 and not a recharge ability then .
tired of using ghost/silenced weapon just to have my footsteps be heard from 8 miles away and i 'm dead before i even round the corner .
unfortunately your submission it is time has been removed for the following reason s
rule vii you metabaited with the door open and the mods found the karma sock .
if you have any questions about this removal please message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdankmemes subject=about my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/dankmemes/comments/d77ckt .
0d 0di 've read the rules in the sidebar .
resubmitting a removed post without prior moderator approval can result in a ban .
unrelated to your post because im a first time builder but im from indonesia too and currently still in the research phase of building my pc .
if you go back and watch the first two episodes can you still get the rewards ?
y'all bout to have the air force at your door
i know this post is quite old but i found it while looking at this ctf myself .
i 've written a breakdown here https secureops.io/2019/09/magical-image-gallery https secureops.io/2019/09/magical-image-gallery which is hopefully the first of many .
there are some useful links at the begging but this is essentially a full guide so i would only look if you are completely stuck already completed and want a refresher or do n't want to complete the challenge yourself but are interested to see how it worked .
if you like coffee i highly recommend both kurasu and unir which has the japanese barista champion working at it .
if you are interested in tea and wagashi i highly recommend toraya which is incredibly old and traditional .
you 'll see all of those show up on best of lists i suppose but they never seem touristy when i 'm there .
in fact i 'm not sure i 've ever seen another foreigner in toraya as it 's probably not the type of sweets place that attracts attention like that .
director olga and doctor roman got their spirits fished out via the same spirit scoops chaldea uses to get the gudas out of rayshifts then grafted onto a suitable vessel using the artificial body tech left over from mashu 's own development .
with a lot of metal trauma and long therapy ahead of them they still join our wacky journey onwards .
i ca n't believe big bird punched out a cia member to save wildly embellished journalism
i 'm an outie but i have made it inwards because of a surgery so i can be at both places
if some guys ca n't see a girl 's leg without making unwarranted sexual advances what would bare boobs do ?
it '' is being shelved in some schools as technology is ubiquitous in most subjects .
it '' in schools refers to a lot of things generally though it is a quite dated term and now usually only refers technicians that manage the school network
the curriculum was updated last year for the first time since the current curriculum was released in 2007 .
the update consisted of a restructure of the technology curriculum area with two new areas called computational thinking '' and designing and developing digital outcomes ''
a very common way of addressing the new digital technologies curriculum especially at primary and junior secondasy is integrating it into other subjects
ncea students doing digital technologies or whatever the subject/course may be called in any given school can be assessed against achivement standards involving programming database design and creation web development electronics iterative development using an agile process to develop a digtal outcome .
students achieving the level 3 programming standard can enter a fast-track first year in computer science at university
the number of entries in digital technologies achievement standards increases each year across evey demographic .
the fact my beliefs associate me with these people by default is the absolute worst
she used to live in a port city with her father mother and six older brothers .
it was a small city that worshiped talos umberlee kord zeboim the devourer zeus or thor etc ... called the floating city or something cooler .
he captained his own fishing boat his crew was your six older brothers .
until he became ill and assigned your second oldest brother matt as captain .
then one night you were woken up by a sudden noise .
that 's when you saw the silhouette of a man holding what looked like a knife .
startled by the sight you clutched your pendent of see list of gods and prayed for lightning .
the shadowy figure let out a scream that could n't be heard as a wave of thunderous force swept out from you .
throwing the man away from you and out the window behind him .
the thunderous boom that was the spell woke up the rest of your family and soon 3 of you brothers came dashing into the room you were in .
but before anyone could investigate you all hear a scream coming from your parents room .
causing all six of the people standing in the room to dash in to see your mother crying over the blooded body of your father .
after a moment of grief you tell your family about the man you prayed out the window .
when they come back they look even more defeated than before .
as if know body believed them everyone including your mother quickly left your dead fathers side to investigate .
the cry 's only get louder as more of your family realize the truth .
kevin lay dead outside your family home smelling of alcohol and still holding a bloody dagger .
i judt say a video on youtube with this skin !
go see a piercer asap they can taper it back in .
it 's almost like a running track for them .
i was stung on the cheek by a bee at school once .
my pe teacher pulled me aside from class and asked me who hit me i said it was a bee sting and he was like no really it 's okay to tell me who hit you '' and i had to tell him no really it 's just a bee sting '' .
my first ever job interview i went to in japan was through a friend at uniqlo and my japanese was near to none .
i told myself it would be a waste of time to even go to the interview but my friend was nice enough to have his manager friend to give me the opportunity .
the day finally came and the manager guy was a little late so i ended up having to talk to the head guy of the store for my interview .
needless to say i did n't know anything he said and lots of cringe moments .
fast forward now i 'm in language school and my japanese is doing much better but the speaking parts choke me up as well .
with my wife i can talk to her in japanese confidently and calmly but in class situations or one on one speaking tests with my teacher i just go fucking blank .
i think the only thing is you can do is to just practice speaking in your mind or out loud alone in till you are very confident .
btw i have a oral exam '' this upcoming week covering all my lessons i 've done .
more like a shit covered in gold tho bc the mlm vehicles have conditions atrached .
we 've got a megathread for all your area 51 questions here https redd.it/ccgufp .
that link also includes a search for other related questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nostupidquestions if you have any questions or concerns .
i ca n't remember the name of it possibly phase music where you play for instance a piano piece using a daw at one constant tempo then play the same piano piece with a slightly different tempo or automated tempo to change speeds over time that results in the effect creating a strange out of time delay morphing to chorus effect similar to this and i really enjoy the rare times i hear these sorts of things .
maynes face looks like it belongs in a weird 1990s abc kids show
apologies this was accidentally locked and nsfw 'd by fate .
i have no idea what you 're talking about i was transcribing this from a video
i also literally said i wish i could remember the exact lecture and time at which he said this thing i 'm about to tell you that is relevant to your accusation '' followed by me telling you the thing i said i 'd tell you .
there are differences in men and women that affect their behavior and a child 's exposure to the differences in their behavior are necessary for varying reasons pertaining to the development of the child .
i told you something that jordan peterson said in response to being asked about gay parenting .
you continued to insist no acknowledging the need for masculinity and femininity in a developing child 's life is functionally equivalent to being opposed to gay parents adopting kids . ''
i then elaborated to explain why that is wrong .
all i did was provide evidence that peterson is not really in support of gay parenting .
no all you did was provide evidence that you either misunderstood what peterson said or you are attributing malice to what peterson said .
i left islam because it 's bs not for music or for drinking .
we do n't usually write parking πάρκινγκ like this .
denim jeans do n't really qualify as full gear on .
these last 24 hours have essentially highlighted just how inept our media is .
there is actually no indication that this was anything other than an erratic move by lansman to force watson out of his position and we have had five different accounts of what that reasoning might be .
i 'll keep asking till they answer will we ever see unsuppressed silverballer or ica19 ... ... please
but i want to see and a and b and c !
here 's to a hopefully brighter future for gaming altogether .
you got to produce the verse.no word of mouth please and thank you !
you look like the irl version of finding dory if it played in the middle east .
i do everything i can to minimize time away from home
this is the most open of open goals but somehow they 've managed to not only stuff it up but also to overshadow their whole conference with yet another story about their internal issues .
the thing about labour is they always try to walk it in .
will exchanges delisting privacy coins have a positive impact on value ? ?
one argument is delisting will discourage use another is the opposite .
she looks like she 's ready to kill kikuoka for involving kirito and getting him caught up in all this mess in the first place and now because of him kirito 's mind is fried .
i 've spent all day trying to find something to watch .
he should get matthew broderick on and ask him about the time he killed two people
she had to move about an hour away and she told me it was too far to drive .
my now wife drove the same distance to hang out with me when we 1st met ...
i think my ex was cheating on me while she was cheating on her ex-husband lol
its because ps4 can crash a lot when new games or updates come out it was like this on black ops 4 for a whole 3 months after it 's release your just gon na have to deal with it
it is never too early to tell the truth .
hey when we first started talking i said i was 33 and not my real age 34 .
i do n't know why i did that i feel so dumb .
i can say from experience that leads to a tory government .
well this is bizarre earlier today i finally asked my wife to show me how to tie shoes the proper way .
if they have to much they give it to the other villagers
the hobnail crystal clear depression compote is sold but there 's still this anchor hocking miss america clear square base pedestal compote https www.ebay.com/itm/anchor-hocking-miss-america-clear-square-base-pedestal-compote/113190478718 ? trkparms=aid 3d888009 26algo 3ddisc.listings 26ao 3d1 26asc 3d40741 26meid 3daac953ea299f41df9691e85f1f8500ae 26pid 3d100172 26rk 3d1 26rkt 3d4 26sd 3d123911941837 26itm 3d113190478718 26pmt 3d0 26noa 3d1 26pg 3d2349624 trksid=p2349624.c100172.m2966 .
if only the 55 shipping fee was n't giving me crystal clear depression..
i 'm thinking darker wood base round not square .
i do n't like the flat plane on the resin part but the wife asked for it .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
there was another story about the nec changing the rules on who would be acting leader
you can down vote tell me i am wrong whatever .
it has no what we in england call pavement and americans call sidewalk .
the law in the uk states that pedestrians have right of way .
the road also has what we call a camber to allow drainage to those cobbled bit at the side .
walking anywhere other than the middle of the road is most likely incredibly painful when you need two crutches to walk any where .
damn you really tried hard here but ended up getting shut down .
as a dutch person i have to admit i do n't like the color orange and i have never owned a pair of wooden clogs .
they are not too hard for th9 it 's just that you have to spend more time in studying .
question that came to my mind before i saw your post .
may be insensitive but i 'm curious anorexia 's often said to be about exerting control over some part of your life .
satiety help in keeping the ed at bay by scratching the need-for-control itch just in a healthier and less obsessive way ?
i 'm sure the flood victims ca n't wait to see you .
more that it does n't seem to have anything to do with japan specifically .
it 's more of a general business question so you 'd probably get more reaction in a sub like r/startups or r/businessschool
while correlation is n't causation correlation should not be ignored when it is so consistent the details of why humans are likely to be the major factor are given in the video above .
hi buddy i 'm in a discord that helps players through raids and other activities would you be up for joining and helping out our guys when you 're available ?
i 'll eat you out till you cum 5 times
what ever you do do not look at it 's face ...
salt http scalemodels.ru/modules/forum/viewtopic.php ? t=70826 http scalemodels.ru/modules/forum/viewtopic.php ? t=70826 here is a link to the building in russian but everything is clear from the photo
ah the old neck wrap technique that will be ignored for the entire competition .
this is not an airport you do not need to anounce your departure .
the thing that drives me nuts about the whole climate change is a hoax '' is that it heavily implies man-made climate change is a hoax .
believe it or not creatures with less brain cells than even mankind have created extinction events by suffocating on their own body waste https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qerdl8uhsgi
always glad to hear about people on the mend .
i hate hospitals and needles too which reeeeaaally sucks for a diabetic .
but i guess living with these things is just something to deal with which is why i 'm thankful for what videogames and their developers do for me ... ease my stress and let me escape the real world .
i do n't stream i do n't make money from videogames but man have they made my life better because of people like you .
i know you 're already passed the get well stage so i 'll say stay well .
the hardest part will be finding natural ornaments that meet your specifications .
the wait for the tank to cycle wo n't be so fun either .
if there are aliens in there it 's only a special moment for them
if there are no aliens then it is the only fun for them
the rub is ok just a little sweeter than i expected .
i liked the world created by the author and the absurdity that could be written in from it
i changed my system language to english and it fixed it it 's annoying but it works for now .
na he 's actually an average 3 shooter catch and shoot .
i think that 's what they are talking about .
it 's when he shoots 3s off dribble does he suck .
sounds like he 's taking the austin rivers approach a vet who learns the system .
i never said anything close to that i did .
imagine kicking someone in boxing and the fight being ruled a nc instead of a dq ... thats what we have to deal with in mma
the only soft lock i noticed is in the area we were talking about after the last checkpoint .
basically if you wait too long and the cannon fires without you getting by it or it killing you the only thing you have that can kill you to start over at the checkpoint is your shell .
but if you 're not careful the shell can become a shelmet and then you have nothing .
it might actually be as simple as having shells drop out of the green pipe you come out of to hit the checkpoint then even if it becomes a shelmet another one will drop .
and do n't worry about my clear if you want to delete the level i 'm not trying for any leaderboards or anything .
i 'll just have to clear the updated version .
i 'll check out your other puzzles too though i 'm not promising i 'll be able to clear them ...
and for the level to play right now i 'm looking for feedback on parasitic sky piranhas https www.reddit.com/r/mariomaker/comments/d77jrb/lets_have_a_level_exchange_september_21_2019/f0z7nh6 ? context=3 .
i 'm convinced half of these weird foods were just made up by people fucking up and eating it anyways since they did n't have anything else .
lsu game was 100 degree weather they were all cramping .
ufotable 's noble phantasm unlimited budget works will ensure that never happens
not to be cynical but this was needed for the ufc to stop dilly-dallying with the gloves .
they were rumoured to be working on it since like last 2 years .
a space lesbians porno with squirting that just floats around .
let 's keep the toxicity down guys it 's been a pretty fucking enjoyable thread with nd
you can also try to find it on store net .
order store expense order form front of store expense like 3td chunk down says it 's mylars and signs .
did your dog experience any negative side effects to prozac ?
what the health https youtu.be/_sic3o1ihva on netflix forks over knives https youtu.be/n1luj3kxb9m on netflix
i always wanted hobbes chasing his tail around my ankle with calvin looking at hobbes like he was an idiot .
but yeah the small test tattoo will be on an unaffected part upper arms or chest .
if there is a flare up it 'll be just one more itchy spot ...
there were a couple of ok fights where the hell do you get loads of really good '' ones ?
never thought i 'd see the day where i cheer for harvick logano and keselowski .
my view is gambling money for money is fine as long as the rules are explained and the game is fair .
paying money for the chance to win some kind of skin or op weapon is not gambling .
there is no way to know if the loot box you paid for was randomly generated or pre programmed to give you absolute guff crap .
this is the sort of thing i would like to see regulated or taken out of games completely .
it 's a brave thing to step outside of all you 've ever known .
and about your parents being disappointed remember you are not responsible for their feelings .
i 'm pointing out the hypocrisy of the comment thread .
people inventing bullshit projections for this dude but clutching their pearls the second people try and poke into the source of all their anger .
1le would fit in gr.4 perfectly with racing hards and a full custo transmission .
please do your best to respond to commenters as they take the time and effort to read your post and give you advice .
if a commenter provides advice that is helpful please respond to the comment with the word '' helped '' anywhere in your comment .
this will give the commenter an advice point which will show that the commenter is a helpful member of this subreddit .
you can respond to as many comments as you want and we encourage it if they help you even a little bit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/advice if you have any questions or concerns .
whenever a new modded thing is added to the game by default it 's not selected .
so just ensure that the animal corpses for your freezer and butcher table is completely ticked green and then just deselect insect corpses if ya want .
i will be where ever you tell me to be
one thing to remember is that jewish people are n't some homogeneous blob .
it 's taken me a while to understand this and break out of the idea of jewish people being some distinct race when they 're a multitude of different ethnic groups in different areas .
i mean black jews are a thing so ... yeah .
in reality judaism is a collection of many movements .
it 's easier to recognize when looking at judaism during the roman era many many conflicting messianic cults and other non-messianic movements doing their own thing .
it 's not much different these days except that one particular cult is much more powerful zionism which believes that a particular stretch of desert is somehow divinely '' theirs and was always theirs despite not having occupied the area for centuries .
most of the time it was a war-ground for the vatican and the muslim groups around the area with the palestinians in a sort of no man 's land .
i blame israel for perpetrating the myth of zionism being for all jews and representing all jews because they like to hide behind the idea of anti-semitism as a political shield for their atrocities in the middle east .
meanwhile i think israel has smeared a few jews here and there as anti-semitic '' when they did n't fall into line .
if you didnt give a shit why did you correct me and respond ?
but i 'm out tonight so i 'll have to try and remember to look it up again tomorrow .
sometimes someone else has a pop off year but nobody is as consistently good as sneaky except doublelift imho
i have this issue after trying to load a new set of movies or shows
comin here after the fight having just found this scrolling down the 'top ' page .
from what i understand the problems with kamigawa were mostly mechanical .
i did n't play it but i 've seen some incredibly cool cards flavorwise from it .
i would love a return but like you said it 's unlikely .
if you play with someone who plays with a controller then you 'd get a mixed lobby .
if you play with a controller on pc then you 'll get only people who are playing with controllers .
is it because my account is too new and i instantly create ads ?
i created one with just a name and picture .
clean ip that had not been used for anything other than to create the fb account .
however the one i phone verified as soon as i created it has been going smoothly for weeks with no hiccups
5:40 left in the 3rd ... i do n't have enough booze for this .
stark and hahn can just stay in the parking lot forever .
i do n't hate alana and eliza as much as robert and erica .
if there was that much food very old at that in there the rodent has already moved on
it sounds like action bronson without the food reffrances .
and that you promised to buy it a new toy .
these injuries are as real as manti te'o 's girlfriend .
we 've thought about getting one but we have n't yet
because they assume 4 and 4 courses per semester .
if you are doing three this semester you make it up by doing 5 next semester .
i think that 's how it works out although i do n't recall them caring about the electives just the core courses .
i do n't think they care how it 's done .
my ultimate fantasy is getting gang raped in the locker room after a successful game !
maybe they can move this to ufc 243 or 244 .
what about if you have a kid on your bike ?
i recently had a senior from my alma mater reach out to me because she was applying to a company i work for .
i gave her the lowdown on the company and some tips about the industry she was trying to break into then made sure to tell her exactly this .
do n't ever say sorry unless you 've really done something wrong that warrants an apology do n't be afraid to say no do n't confuse good work with hard work avoid annunciating statements like questions when you 're speaking and double check that your circle is sealed before summoning the demon .
insert comment about recognizing land mass in background and will be there soon here
also screw the people that just spit their gum on the floor because the time i 've steped in gum is countless times and is annoying .
i do n't agree with minnesota being just a decent state school '' .
also i know many grad students at berkeley and several at each of the schools you mentioned and there is plenty of diversity in undergrad institution i know people who went to public midwest undergrads at each of the schools you mentioned and in fact i know former minnesota undergrads at at least berkeley stanford and mit .
my advice to op is that if you want to go to math grad school spend your last year being really involved in research .
i would think given the grad students i know out of big 10 schools you should have great chances if you do that .
damn my ee is on psych this could have been a great topic lmao
exact same issue man i ca n't stay in a game for more than a minute before it crashes .
i find it ridiculous we are told the brain needs supplemental epa and/or dha for proper function .
when we are born the brain is almost completely depleted in these fatty acids and they start to increase with age and depending on diet .
the highest concentration is found in chronic brain diseases and deficiency '' is found after acute injury causes inflammation which destroys oxidizes epa/dha into even more toxic forms that need to be cleared out by the immune system .
omega-3 in mother 's milk has also been found to cause immune system damage leading to atopic eczema .
was not even recognized as being autoimmune caused a few years ago most doctors still do n't know it !
nah it 's just very unlikely that a robber will actually shoot someone down if you do n't attack him .
to balance the budget at the same time andrew scheer would ?
their platform has a ton of costly programs and promises in it too much too fast really how the hell would they do that ?
i like it have you made one standing on the fins like space-x landing ?
the un protecting '' drawings from artists like it protects '' children from human trafficking .
the english language does that sometimes when pronouns are involved .
you 'll get karma when people upvote your posts or comments so the best thing to do is get into a karma war and just comment back and forth so we can like each other 's comments
i do n't even know swedish and i understood that
it wasnt a lan final though it was a qualifier match for extremesland oceania regional finals .
still unfortunate as it was the match that decided which team goes through to that event .
if you cant feel the difference there is no difference .
only about 1000 times the single target but hey it 's hard to notice .
path of building exists too you should google it it 's a pretty great tool clearly you have never used it as it was another way to find the answer to your question .
just because i find your comment is fucking stupid does n't make me mentally ill but thanks for asking .
so why not say that 's the issue rather than mental health or whatever ?
an anti-nazi short story i saw a couple years back described captured nazis with bright red metal domes screwed into their heads and their sentence was to work the manual labor jobs of the us such as mining construction etc .
without food water or rest until they either collapsed or died from exhaustion .
i get čechy vs česko but in english it 's far from confusing .
it 's a version of czechia in many languages around europe mostly actually not even slavic ones polish people say czechy or republika czeska or pepík land .
this is subjective but i do n't think there are any really better options actually your czesko one looks like derived from polish if anything and the cr is just non sense same as czech unless you want to look like we ca n't even learn english basics .
czechia is not causing any problems apart from some czech people not liking it .
i 'm just not used to it but i do n't care if someone else is using it .
i 'm sure you do n't say slovak republic but slovakia federal republic of germany but germany etc .
that 's the same principal of unofficial official names or whatever you want to call it .
yeah like what plane has 2.5 windows per row ?
i 've seen this within 30 minutes of it being posted so many times
it 's not an etf but it does the same thing .
no etf will ever get a better position than it .
thank you in advance for choosing me as the winner .
i definitely agree that i would n't regret it unfortunately thanks to classes i have to be in school on thursday and friday for some midterms .
it 's a damn shame but hopefully i can get my money back from aa heaven knows i wo n't be flying with them again .
thats amazing its hard to get the drive in you to really care about your body .
if he can do this hes gon na kick ass as an adult
it 's a mizuno shirt so it 's probably a sports team of some kind minor league or otherwise
i have to drive on the opposite side of the road for the first time in my life next month .
and watching this just fills me with anxiety over it .
i still ca n't believe that she would resort to manipulating her friends just to gain their sympathy .
the caged chorister bee is n't part of his quest .
in order to get the option to cage a bee you must be helping other devils which can be found in the wells and delivered to the well of the wolf
i 'd kiss lick and suck you from your hairy asshole to your clit n eat both your holes till you cum in my mouth😍😻🍑👅👅💦💦💦
i think you need to grab some humility and not be so judgmental .
almeno silvio per usar il milan a fini d'immagine per il ritorno politico ci metteva i danè questo non paga un biglietto da quando ha vent'anni entrato in comune nel 93 ' e i consiglieri comunali hanno i biglietti gratis ogni volta che appare allo stadio mena una sfiga tale che metà dei milanisti voglion menarlo già solo per quello e parla pure ... d
google 's quantum computer does in 3 mins 20 seconds what the fastest conventional computer on earth would take 10,000 years
letting someone else plan and prepare around what you want for their child 's party and then not even having the thought to tell them that you 're not going to come .
its a trashiness that you 've passed down to your children too . ''
always have the wedding fail and cassandra get married into the dreamer family ❤️
ellie 's fat and the furious catch a ride version
there should be no budget but i would n't spend less than 1000 .
mac 's death was a tragedy your perspective on that will change over time i 'd hold off until your 30 .
i 'm confused why they would put this piss water in a copper tank ...
my dream is a broad church alliance to eliminate pr .
just imagine on voting day you go to the booth and instead of the 5 or 6 candidates there just tory and not tory ukip support pr .
i really love chester 's screams on that song .
i do n't know the specifics really of symbols for x movement ya know
she is an mid/end game champion not very friendly for earlier game player .
because her a1 work well in high lv dungeons which always hit twice .
but works terrible for campaign when you do n't have a heavy gear on her .
my skull crown has 80 crit 220 crit dmg 3000atk she can clear brutal 12-3 within 15s .
with a weaker gear elhain or browler can do 12-3 much easier than skull crown .
she need to 1 shot the enemy to farm quickly you ca n't rely on her a1 to hit twice unless you 're using vamp set then it will be a little bit longer and weaker gear is fine in this case .
she is very decent in arena but you need to build a team around her .
someone to boost her speed atk aoe def down and then you will see how strong she is .
but again this is hard to achieve in the early game .
war maiden has aoe def down and she is farmable .
if you do n't have zargala she will help you out in dungeons and arena
i respect your opinion and i 'll think about it
i do n't think this is why he left us .
unfortunately i got no use for bloodied other than for its trading value .
50 she just does n't want to be around jackson and holly
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
posts break rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 because they are phrased to seek a specific/correct answer and are not open-ended .
you can try rephrasing to make it more open-ended or find a new sub at r/findareddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i do admit that was a bad example but it summed up my point well enough .
my premise however was that nothing is anyone 's fault and is determined only by pre-existing conditions the physical being and external factors .
this does fit with the murderer thing as if you were born with that murderers brain and subjected to the same external factors you 'd be a murderer too .
however i 'm not sure what i 'm reffering to when i say 'you ' as i do n't really believe in a 'soul ' or a being of any kind .
its a pretty realistic self defense distance in most instances .
they can always push it out more as they get more comfortable .
as you get better push the target out further until you can get similar results at that distance .
as long as you 're responsible i 'm very glad to have you .
i did n't care at all what she said after her first message .
i was just fucking with her at that point .
i wake up every morning and look at the mirror and tell myself i 'm the sexiest mf to walk the planet .
india needs conventional energy source like coal to fulfill its current energy needs once the minimum energy demand is met in maybe the next 20 years we can then start working on phasing out coal as renewable energy will become cheaper .
why do they look like they are ready for a tour in iraq or something .
they lost 4-0 away to psg and 3-0 away to juve a season before that .
then she removes her face mask to reveal it was gran metalik
as a server i had to explain to a white blonde 20-ish year old woman with a very discernible californian accent what toast was ...
are you sure were in america and not iran ?
i 've signed up with a temporary mail to test this out .
well it looked good while it was working searched a bunch of anime noticed some were missing example violet evergarden and then it just stopped working all together just saying whoops something went wrong on our servers. '' .
this happens whenever i go to myanime.moe https myanime.moe '' but if for example i use myanime.moe https myanime.moe anime '' it works .
quick tip get your shit together and listen to what people have to say .
also you 're making something for the public your definition of good anime '' is irrelevant .
dm me when you come back i 'd like that !
looks like one of the rivet caps is missing you can send it to victorinox for servicing .
i agree with kate hoey in a number of areas but she does not have much sense when it comes to the eu .
i have a rift s cv1 quest and index .
personally i feel the best unit for beatsaber is cv1 .
rift s shakes badly for me on high pp maps it 's really bad imho .
my runner up is quest but the inside out touch controllers are very slightly imbalanced compared to cv1 .
no shake issues though on quest and it is an awesome portable beatsaber machine .
i found index knuckes to be a bit heavy and more imbalanced slightly awkward but great for many other vr games
corsair thaumaturge/linker enchanter with the upcoming patch will be a very strong support and still able to do decent damage with double weapon assault and lightning hands .
alternatively you can replace thauma/linker with assassin for less support and more damage or sr/bullet marker for a pistol build but i think sheriff is strictly superior to corsair as a pistol class .
ultimately corsair is meant to use both a pistol and a dagger but practically speaking you need a lot of in-game wealth for that to be efficient .
for rogue i think you always want assassin in your build .
ardito is a popular 3rd class but i think that 's only because it 's relatively new frankly ardito absolutely sucks and is n't getting any major improvements in the near future so i would n't bother even though i like the class thematically .
shinobi is good currently and outlaw seems like an even better option after it gets buffed .
corsair is also a solid choice but you said you do n't want both in the same build .
but i 'm pretty sure the movie is gon na suck .
as an estonian working in northern norway i 'm seriously considering taking up polish as my sixth foreign language as i 'm quite frustrated with the co-workers/temps who i have to work with and who ca n't tell their name in english nevermind norwegian .
you are ignoring all other not theft related harms here and also making assertions about stats and severity without actually showing it is the case all i have said is hypothetical
1 if the abuses in the apple-picking industry were as commonplace and severe as they are in sex work such that i 'm aware of them and should assume that they are present .
2 my participation in buying apples could directly cause severe harm on par with raping someone .
3 buying apples was just entertainment for me and not a source of nutritious food .
in that hypothetical world then yes i should n't buy apples .
i 'm not sure what that proves since none of those three things are actually true .
yet is not related to the actually act and subject itself .
right it 's not the act of buying sex itself that 's immoral .
it 's the fact that you are participating in an abusive industry and you almost certainly do n't have the ability to make sure that your specific situation is n't abusive .
but you would not be able to avoid the reality that if abortion was illegal people would be punished for it .
i do n't see how you can have illegal abortion yet nobody being punished .
china is an extreme exception as far as morals go .
they do n't respect bodily autonomy at all nor do they respect people 's right to make their own choices .
i thought hairy armpits got to have a thick hairy bush but i was wrong .
it is parking the bus but i never said it was n't intelligent .
we are in a real mess right now but i think wally is n't to blame for the game yesterday .
once again the ref was awful the forss sending off was so stupid .
we also made some great chances that we could n't finish .
its hard to manage keeper mistakes and missed chances .
you should check out de profundis it is a simple cthulhu-like game based on letters .
there is no game master just a bunch of investigators mailing each other and exchanging clues and writing about events that took place in their life .
it is supposed to be played by regular mail to add more climate but it will work on emails too .
ditto with me including the moving around a lot as a kid and i have often wondered about it too .
i 've noticed that i get restless if i stay in any one place for too long and have become sort of a nomad as i 've gotten older .
even spent a lot of time thinking about whether i 'll feel anything when my parents pass on .
it 's definitely an odd feeling and makes me feel like an alien most of the time .
the dynavap bowl can fit 0.1 gms at a time .
i need 0.05 gms to get baked now as i 've made sure my tolerance goes down so i micro dose .
even if your tolerance is crazy high there 's no way you 'll need more than 0.3 gms to get incoherently baked for 5-7 hours .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fragilewhiteredditor if you have any questions or concerns .
just check if they 're completely deleted or just vanished .
because they 've been doing something with reviews and they 're going up and down .
i 've ended up banning monks from my games .
not really because they are op i think they are but mostly because they are obnoxious to deal with as a dm .
the same way i enforce a rule that limits full caster levels to a 3rd of your character level .
so i do n't have to deal with leomund tiny hut hypnotic pattern or fireball until quite late .
my mom does n't even watch any sports and i swear half of her shirts are badger shirts .
if it stays like this i wo n't buy .
seems like i 'm gon na join the woosh train as well because i have no clue on how this guy did it
yea definitely i think it was sissoko who lost the ball near our leading to goals in the arsenal and leceister games but whether it 's down to composure or lack of ability to get out of a tight space fans can only wonder
same here rendering frames in cycles on an amd gpu is n't doable in the industry sadly .
always wanted to build a dual gpu setup with a novideo for rendering and an amd for gaming maybe next gen..
i though you are referring to the 2 days 1 night sleep over with the other woman in the video with the neighbour using hammer or other things to banging on the walls .
the guy who came up with the term one hit wonder
omfg the whole point with conifer trees is that they never drop their needles .
... and i thought i was doing well with 15 lmao
i do n't have a girlfriend at the moment so i watch it by myself😀
this is one of my biggest fears especially being at my age and not owning my home .
not sure if there 's room but the ign is noob_z
i once went to a costa coffee and was having a nice time writing until i saw a toe nail under the table
the only thing s with which i altered the photo was adding a blur and a 70 filter over
mines were nice and mixed until i rerolled after completion then i got lots of ones haha owell
they started to bang the car when he was driving into them !
again he was the one stopped by the police and not the protesters .
if you 're so good and think you deserve more go get another job ?
it 's a story the home depot would n't tell you
welcome to the real world you do n't shake hands after a fight
no problem and thanks for being so civil about it it 's a rare sight on the internet
ashley said on twitter that josh and turbo were voting for her no matter what .
so that takes them out of the alliance voting .
there 's more and more of us do n't worry .
our men are loved more than they will ever be .
we require all posts to be made from accounts that are at least five days old and have a minimum of 1 comment karma .
please feel free to message the moderators if you would like us to waive this rule for your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/webhosting if you have any questions or concerns .
you should n't need to eq anything if your gear is good .
its a long read but it goes into how we 've found over 150 tunnels dug by the cartels since the 90s some with full on rail systems ventilation shafts etc .
it goes into how shorter walls are much more easily guarded but a 2,000 mile wall would be almost impossible to adequately guard i mean think about it people successfully throw drugs into prison yards without being caught ... we ca n't successfully guard 2,000 yards of fence/wall you know what until it has a roof i 'm calling it a fence let alone 2,000 miles .
unless we could put 2-3 guards at every 100 yards it 's pointless and if we had 2-3 guards every 100 yards we would n't need the wall the fence we have would work with that many guards .
i think its reception will vary greatly depending on the environment you see it in .
different in daylight different during night in the attic .
yeah i really did n't understand this at all until i read this comment .
any recommendations for cdm or what stats they need to do a good job in this system ?
if you fire hardbrah you risk going the way of nebraska after firing bo p .
while a very nice image the facial structure displayed is overly masculine for sunset i 'd recommend rounding the edges a bit making it more curvy than straight .
it does n't need to be much more so just a small change could easily do it .
personally it 'd be the natascha as a scout i like to dm against heavies on hightower just to see if i could come out on top without dying a horrible death the natascha just guarantees that .
hahaha i 'm actually searching for pet supply materials so zippers might be on the list of things im searching for !
there is always light at the end of the long dark tunnel and there is always a way out of the deep hole !
we 'd sneak in to the lakes to go swimming and fishing .
i once caught a huge bass and tried to save it in my grandma 's bathtub .
thats what i keep trying to say and its so hard to leave..
he said my actions is why hes like that .
i didnt think anything wrong or ever thinking bout cheating when i said i miss you to a friend nor was hiding anything or cheating when i deleted my exs old messages ...
i tried last time and didnt get in but i 'm trying again .
there are seriously people running around with gc6-9 bt accessories that are n't even maxed half-assed vt soulshields no fused badge or even vt badge .
these abominations have appeared ever since they made steels available in msp .
i 've been there as well and it 's actually just north of cozumel off the coast of cancun .
here 's some more some of these only lasted one or two seasons
for him that 's the highest compliment he can give you just like your compliments were the highest you could give him .
he is a traitor and absolutely does need to go but he is a symptom of a much bigger problem which is the ongoing corruption of our democracy by the amoral republican party which has been enabling him .
without that he would been impeached by now and if we had a sane electoral system he never would have even been elected in the 1st place .
even with the interference from russia the gerrymandering and other forms of voter disenfranchisement he still lost the popular vote by over 3 million votes and won due to the broken electoral college system .
i 've got updated rosters but you ca n't use them for my player so everything is stuck in 2013 .
silver lining is my video game self gets to hit in front of ryan and chase .
man i saw one today..itd ugly as hell haha i just left it there.im happy you like it .
a reasonably healthy vegetarian diet is significantly less expensive than a comparably healthy meat-eating diet .
the difference is that it is far easier for someone who eats meat to buy cheap crappy things like hungry man 'dinners ' and hamburger helper and mcdonald 's where there are no vegetarian equivalents to those allegedly edible objects .
source i have been a vegetarian for 23 years i am 23 .
several of my friends have moved to fully or partially vegetarian diets after seeing me do it environmental impact reduction and health value cost being the main two reasons .
technically ovolactopescatarian i think on the offchance anyone gives a !
not gon na lie that joke was pretty solid unlike my pp
but you did n't say sorry even once i doubt if you are really a canadian s
it 's a 1050 that does n't need a pcie plug .
i 'm pretty sure evga sells them for like 70-100
the 21 can pull some sick shit though if you use it right .
i 'd recommend mcchickenbite 's video titled the russian assassin mig-21 f13
you know what you 're right i 'm already half way through my degree in biology but might just switch for the nostalgia .
ok i 'll tell the cnt the fau the iww the black rose the iaf the anarchist federation the fai the anarchist black cross the zapatista army international confederation of labor and so on that we apparently do n't exist and do not in fact work towards our end goal in the real world but only do theory .
the iww is stronger than ever anarchists in france are an important part of the yellow vests the cnt becomes more prominent and even here in germany the fau becomes a bit more acceptable .
abby literally says at one point well i have to buy this super expensive phone anyway '' as if there 's literally no cheaper route even after vinny says he still has his iphone 6 i think .
i dated a woman with the same name as my mom it was fine ... .
hard to believe that someone who could afford to stay there would be so lacking in common sense ?
that poor woman can not imagine re-living that experience for life .
can confirm got an onsite from just submitting resume for new grad lol
i really hope that you 're being facetious because that is easily identifiable as korean .
those three are the characters i am the best with and have the most fun playing .
i put way more time into loogi than the other two but practicing the other two makes things less stale and more fun for me .
i was just curious how their matchups were like .
i guess maybe do n't claim something so wide spread is unique to a group .
i get how it sucks i get how that can blind people in such a way that they only see the bad and create these sorts of rash opinions .
the fact that you can throw up maybes '' is a good place of strength to start from nobody is saying sit in a hippy drum circle while vegan protestors burn a meat man for some true hypocrisy but maybe look beyond that of the media and see the people underneath ... granted the other side should also do that .
it 's ridiculous because even in real life this does n't work like this .
so whenever they visit our stadium just auto-cancels all utilities in the opponent 's locker-room .
bradbury 's for coffee is better than anything i had in sf
good imput hollywood definitely gave me the image of posses carrying torches i never questioned the accuracy .
to be fair do you think they actually planned out a 3 year storyline with kendrick and tozawa or is this case where someone just tried to make sense of this storyline .
purchased a sharkette dark clack factory skull t from u/pesky\_brat https www.reddit.com/u/pesky_brat
think you have to put fitz over him for most deserving
i will wait until this drive some might call me an optimist
it 's what google comes up with first from the first definition in the oxford dictionary .
i 'm comfortable with that as a source for a primary definition are n't you ?
ahah i currently have a fenty glow because my milani rosy bronze is in the mail a milani keep it full in prismatic peach 2 nyx butter glosses and various lip balms in my purse so i really feel this .
my white russian lives in the top of my makeup organizer because i 'm afraid of anything happening to it .
you have been given one point for this answer .
well you seem to know your stuff gon na be trying this in the not to distant future
i would think that the c02 added by landing would necessarily be much less than the co2 taken for refueling making a net loss of co2 on both planets due to the fuel being burned in orbit for interplanetary transfer .
that said the burns in orbit will probably be mostly prograde so the exhaust will be pushed retrograde probably fast enough that a lot of it will become suborbital and return to the atmosphere both on earth and mars making the net change approximately zero .
so when these anti-japanese protests occured what did the ccp call them as ?
though bismarck created a system that 1 nobody else understood but him and 2 that was eventually doomed to fail .
bismarck only froze '' some conflicts instead of solving them .
his system while securing peace '' in europe for quite some time had some inherent flaws and was a bit like a ticking time bomb .
he literally quoted the answer to your question already .
i feel like brook has more flavour than robin robins your generic big man who does all the dirty work boxes out rebounds plays d sets screens and is there for any easy passes inside .
brook has some spice to him with his deep 3 's taking other bigs off the dribble and plays kind of like a guard on offense .
hey troop i used to be a warfighter jess like you hooah ?
who 's ready to show that ayatollah sum gud ol amurican freedom check roge ? ''
is there a list of travel partners that give you greater than 1:1 conversion ?
any way to get notice if and when that changes ?
the subs name is pussy pass denied dude ... . obviously its going to be about women that get what 's coming to them .
if someone posted a normal woman being nice it would n't be a post on the sub .
it 's like going on r/holdmyfeedingtube and being upset about people posting videos of others getting hurt .
we did not vote to join what is now the eu when i say we i mean those who voted i was n't alive back then
did we get a vote on the various human rights treaties we have signed ?
that 's at the root of what i 'm trying to ascertain .
on the basis of these arguments ought we also to be exempt from those obligations and if so does that apply only to us or to all nations ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with higher '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how much karma you need or how old your account must be .
the threshold for post and comment karma is very low and will not take you long .
persistent ignoring of this message will result in you being muted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i feel like such a dumbfuck whenever i accidentally toss it on the tank while i 'm mindlessly healing 5 mans lol
you will be able to seem functional and your life will seem better than ever.. at first .
next thing you know you 're a space to it ca n't get through the day without it .
your body will start getting a little messed up due to not getting enough nutrients .
it happened when i went on a huge bender .
i had a borderline psychotic break it was hell .
of course that is personal story vs actual facts .
it 's significant because it did n't sell out until a month before the event last year
wow this was the last thing i wanted to wake up to .
one of the best parts of ds9 is watching nog 's development into being something he was told he could never be and having the confidence and courage to walk his path .
we 'll miss you you left us all too soon
her adopting the skywalker name despite being born in darkness '' destined for the dark side sounds really good to me .
i mean after anakin luke and kylo being a force user taking the skywalker name pretty much puts you on the path to darkness statistically .
not if carlos vela has something to say about it .
one time space mountain broke down on us and we had to be escorted out with the lights on .
we got free fast passes for our trouble too .
i feel like the tail is separate from the words because of the direction the tail is facing maybe .
aligning the words on the right and putting the tail on that side instead could make it look more unified .
pen n paper rpgs ran with relatively low emissions too haha .
apex i do n't think is as detailed right ?
i love how old games are adding crossplay but old cods ca n't ?
ai n't worried what will happen if when tesla goes bankrupt ?
my main point was gender being a tool and now when people can identify as whatever they want so the tool is useless so why keep it to make certain people feel special ?
this is not the truth and nobody actually needed it .
it stinks because it 's a few bad apples spoiling the bunch drone pilots have a not so good rep from my experience hearing pilots talk about them .
if only everyone went above and beyond like you do this would have never happened .
new pilot here is n't this the exact reason notams are important ? ?
tvhm and mayhem 3 is still too easy with a decent build the first playthough is 10x harder .
henry for carson just seems like a lateral move .
i do but what those people have and do compared to what i have and do makes my setup look pretty pathetic .
confronteer de ouders ermee waarom er sinds het laatste bezoek niks is veranderd .
remember to center or detent the x-ray tube with the bucky .
if you end up moving one or the other do n't forget to align them again .
this is one common mistake i see students make .
do n't forget to change out the exposed image receptor with a new one or else it 'll be considered a double exposure and a repeat .
for decubitus views chest or abdomen mark the side up e.g. for a left lateral decubitus abdomen the patient 's left side is on the table and his right side is closest to the ceiling so use a right marker
go through a mental checklist before you make the exposure .
c for collimation is it at the correct size ?
c for central ray is it at the right location ?
t for technique did i set the proper technique for the correct bucky ?
and the last s for sid am i at 72 '' for chest and 40 '' for abdomen ?
just my two cents or it 's just really cold in my room .
if coldness/chilly is the theme then maybe make the glacier thing below more bigger even just a tiny bit .
like being in the south pole then seeing the aurora borealis idk nice touch with the fog mist ?
saw some in my grandma 's cabinet after she died .
surgery and botox can reverse some visible damage temporarily .
the only real preventative anti aging cream is sunscreen .
it 's the only thing that actively prevents wrinkles from forming .
if you apply it every day for your whole life then you 'll definitly look younger than someone who 's exposed to more sun damage .
i bet the cars would look much better without the fin
news flash thank you captain obvious for trying to explain to someone who is biracial and a dual citizen the complexities of cultural diversity .
yeah i get that does n't mean we ca n't still hold judgments about it .
also i need to know where you got those leggings hail satan !
that explains my jaw drop when someone did this in my run he went in once and suddenly the beam activated .
best commentator and such a wonderful and passionate human being
gucci might not gaf about his sub anymore but i still feel somewhat obligated to push back on some of the retarded shit that gets posted here .
i would argue that starting over right now is the best decision .
i think reading books 1-3 right after book 7 is really fun because you get to see all the forshadowing and all the other hints mentions of characters that do n't show up again until later .
earlier this year i started a new job that was two hours away .
i listened to the harry potter audio books twice in a row on my commutes before i finally moved closer to work .
i learned a ton by doing it that way .
initially i was n't moving when it began doing it .
then i went for a walk and it did it for every single one !
then a little while later just before posting this i was a passenger in a car which it still froze of course !
but i am glad to know that it 's a known thing when moving and will keep that in mind for the future !
i ended up completely force-stopping the app and did a hard restart on my phone .
it started working after that finally just in time for the community day !
i was only able to play for like 45 min of the allotted time because i had a wedding to be at so i 'm so happy it started to work finally ! ! !
but it 's definitely something they should look into and fix because it seems to happen often to many people and it 's really crappy when it happens ! !
your submission was removed because it contained a keyword that is either degrading or overly vulgar .
we simply want to see the girl in your post not you roasting her in the title .
if you feel that the automoderator removed your post by mistake please reply to this comment saying mods i 'm having trouble '' or something like it and give a description of your issue .
note circumventing automoderator keywords will result in a 15 day ban if caught .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jizzedtothis if you have any questions or concerns .
i bought it from a danish website where it was really cheap .
i wipe my hands and it 's no big deal .
it 's not really sticky i 'm confused that this is even a problem .
ca n't see the ones i was looking for lower down 💋
since i started genuinely reporting besides reporting my friends for the fun of it i got 90 of the reported people punished i dont report for sll kinds of shit someone goes 0/10 but wasnt flaming or inting just a bad game or player that 's why hes in this division goes 0/2 inting and flaming ?
i thought she was holding onto priscilla because she was gon na pass out or something .
though i 'd say that ancient history is way more boy-band-ish than bleak december !
i often wonder about this here translate this one sentence blind type of exercises what about languages with evidentiality or modality or even a really strict respect marker system .
is it a man talking to his wife the wife talking to the husband a grandmother talking to the baby 's mother .
i do n't ever feel like there is enough information to translate properly .
i meant it in a ha ha this is funny '' way
do n't you mean fabio doing so well on a detuned m1 ?
sorry for the poor video quality but i thought the audio was pretty good and ya 'll would enjoy this as much as we did .
sell the car pay the tax and enjoy the rest ...
i 'll back you means i 'll help you out in a fight
ugh whatever you do do n't talk about how costco sells condoms .
it 's super random and makes everything so awkward .
and just to be clear you can get super cheap plastic ones that require no alterations to you guitar and simply slip over your strap and twist to lock .
there 's really zero excuse for yeeting your guitar offstage by accident .
the best idea is to start with your audience not your competitors .
start by looking at google trends to see what topics people are looking for answers on in your market and then answer them .
it really sucks for learning a new character cause everyone in arenas are significantly better than you and losing in qp gets you closer to low gsp hell .
stop talking all the fucking time cook the guy a meal and suck his dick when he comes back from work and that 's it
you literally look like a caveman before they evolved into cavemen
i think he is getting caught up in the game and not thinking that rationally .
i mean its new for dean as well lest we forget .
hopefully he will learn though as hourihane is a pretty damn good passer as is lansbury .
they have to be able to offer something when mcginn and jack are as goosed as they were .
tell her how happy you are to have her in your life and that she 's been more of a mother than your own has ever been and that to show her how much you love her you 'd like to call her mum if she 's ok with that .
her daughter does n't know about the way she usually protects herself ?
i would n't trust an anti-vaxxer or call them amazing .
well it just feels good i never saw anyone else complaining about his aa either .
that 's also one of the reason why grasp is so effective on him despite range nerf .
dapat gayahin nila yung ginagawa sa mga na car crash na kotse .
there are only so many different ways you can cook an ingredient .
i think you 're seeing connections where there is just limited technology .
except brexit will simply make the playing field incredibly unlevelled .
trying to fit it into one sentence i think it 's because the recent political climate in the us is highly controversial with race class culture and international relations .
i think you can get much better responses if you try to describe why you think r/hapas should not be concerned about politics or policies that may or may not affect them .
maybe give some examples of what posts or topics that were highly politicized that in you your eyes should not have been .
ru has already pionereed enough red carpets in drag .
she just wanted to be charitable and give someone else this one oportunity .
rain sensors to shut off irrigation if a certain amount of rain has fallen the grooves on the side are to adjust it for how much rain will shut off the system
i put my laptop on my passenger seat the other week .
my car started telling me to put it 's seatbelt on .
if you want to share this use another sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/futurebeats if you have any questions or concerns .
i would n't say that we just tend to have less lethal fun
less so the statement and more so your reasoning .
i 'd partially agree if you did n't know what you were doing and possibly just further damaged someone 's body ... .
but wholehearted disagree that someone 's life is n't worth your hard earned calories .
or that letting a homeless person live with you is the same thing as preforming cpr in an unconscious person .
taking five minutes out of your day to save a life is hardly the same as paying room and board for a stranger to stay in your home openendedly .
that person could be a 6 year old child who 's death would cause the father to commit suicide and the mother to go down a self destructive or vengeful path and hurt more people .
or the dr. on her way to preform open heart surgery on your mother .
or the person who would find a reversal to a disease you get diagnosed with next year .
or the fire fighter who saves your sister from a house fire .
or the person who makes the receptionist at their job smile every single day .
or the monetary provider for a family of foster children .
kinda just skeeved out for your complete lack of empathy and value on life
i mean this gesture is very good of course .
i mean the fact that so many women got killed .
in my experience excluding attorney communications by email address was always the easy part .
when they asked for things like all communications regarding deals with x company it got trickier because there was always a risk of missing things with include search terms .
i always preferred just limiting to mailboxes and date ranges with excludes for attorney emails and then let the company 's legal counsel redact anything else .
another solutions is bring back the original counter uav .
i get what you 're saying but the show also stopped filming a year ago and they stopped doing press for it in may .
they 've probably had a lot of time to get used to the idea that it 's over by now .
the emmys was probably icing on the cake for them to get together again .
cow milk or maybe oat milk depending on oats .
well im not gon na look at disgusting shit but scary is fine
if the mesh is not split you can do a script to mesh.recalculatenormals and assetdatabase.saveasset .. mesh
lmao you have no idea what you 're talking about .
you 're probably a dumbass truck driver or something .
you probably dont even know how much chemical they pump down with the sand and water or how likely that chemical is to hit the water table .
says who the oil company you work for or all your friends receiving checks from that oil company ?
head on down to dimock pa and let the residents who had their pipes burst know that they were just imagining it ya dumb fuck
you should download reprovision and it will sign it for you every 7 days
no seriously try watching what qbs actually do on the field .
sure you have some qbs that ca n't do shit for reads sorry trubs but there are plenty of intelligent young qbs .
i 've been waiting for my kyc to go through for over a week .
mine is just gon na get lost and i already get ignored while talking among my friends .
ohh i see what type i 'm talking too .
please explain where did i even suggest that lebanon is a race and not a nationality which made you suggest i might be a white supremacist '' ?
i did n't even mention lebanon in my comment .
though i 'm a bit too logical to say you should put all your trust in a big decision in just psychicism but i 'd be happy to give my spiritual and logical input if you 'd like
1 put reform '' instead of gather boosts in the chat .
giving vanguards summon 3 pikemen '' which will come out of the nearest minion spawn point to them .
3 general heal him self back to 3rd of his heal if his health get below it and did n't get attacked for x '' of time
4-guardian being able to guard break and his throws make opponent falls and will be able to parry .
you heard me old man i stand by it haha
the thing is the team also forgot to tell charles when vettel was pitting .
had they told him vettel was pitting he would have driven faster .
instead he drove at a steady pace minding the car doing what the team told him to do .
it was a bit sloppy and he need to make sure such sloppiness hurts in order to ensure he does n't get anything short of joint ?
btw i just saw that you can sell your reddit account for 50 bucks if you have like 12k karma wtff ?
you did n't just put baby as the worst track ...
if they did n't told the players to practice x hero and did n't help them yes
the 70mm in this case is not in imax ratio .
this film was actually shot digitally 70mm film prints are made and they 're just showing those prints .
the print will be superior in colour and contrast compared to the digital projector at the vmax so despite the screen being smaller it will be better way to view the film .
the ratio of the film will be the exact same ratio from the trailers because is not shot with imax film is not going to a taller ratio .
look at this but ignore the ratios https fsmedia.imgix.net/20/87/81/08/20e8/4971/9736/e1a91388c575/yi7vqykjpg.jpeg ? auto=format 2ccompress dpr=2 w=650 the 70mm print in this case is the second one in the left column .
vmax is the bottom one on the right column .
so that 's why it tastes so gross i 've never liked mashed potatoes because they taste nothing like potatoes
it 's just how i season it and how i wrap the pan for cooking .
but it 's a hit whenever i make it .
no that ca n't be the right brock turner .
is it the same brock turner ? who lives in bellbrook ohio ?
and drives a red 2008 mitsubishi and works at a factory for the company tark inc ?
def sounds like this guy does n't need most any health care service .
early psychologist george stratton wore glasses that turned his vision upside down for 8 days straight .
by the third day he was seeing the world completely as normal as if he was n't wearing the glasses .
he could tell things were wrong if he concentrated but normally scenes appeared completely normal .
after he took them off after 8 days it took a few hours for things to return to normal in essence he was seeing things upside down .
i see people saying 'change your name ' and stuffs like that but i know its not always so easy .
they 're even including an option for bundling redshift at the same price extra you can get a subscription to octane for .
redshift does n't offer subscriptions otherwise and the base price costs more and i also think it just looks plain better .
i also really love the new volume modeling tools .
it basically works like a dynamic super fast version of dynamesh with dynamic boolean functionality .
so they are slowly adding functionality that rivals even the niche tools of zbrush which is still my go to for organic modeling but i ca n't see any reason not to do all of the hard surface modeling in c4d .
r21 was kind of underwhelming but most of the stuff they added is for power users that want to push the mograph capabilities into houdini territory .
there is an early account that non-italian jews were expelled from rome for the first time in 139 bce together with some other easterners .
in the 60s bce after pompey conquered judea and the house of herod ruled as client kings more jews came to rome to trade and plenty settled .
caesar and augustus made judaism a legal religion '' so they could openly worship and have synagogues .
born in 02 we just made a giant wishlist with lots of things and got one or two things of it .
because that 's what our parents told us to do and we would be happy with the 1 or 2 things we got
i am not sure as he does n't come across as someone who 's the most informed
shit son this is a classic pump and dump scheme get out now ! !
ok at first i wondered if my colorblindness made me miss the point
well i am in canada so putting tropicals out is a death sentence
i 'm using myles but curious to what abilities other use before i spend the tp
you could n't even line the 20 up with the 4 .
i dislike her just as much as everyone else but you 've been all over this thread spreading weird lies .
i 'm surprised you got the first paragraph dead on and still believe what you wrote in the second paragraph .
good luck convincing a broad swath of people that you 're going to reduce their quality of life and that they should also vote for you even if it 's ultimately in their best interests .
forgive my cynicism and i hope i 'm not coming off as rude but i 'm extremely doubtful that waiting on a new generation to push harder for these things to happen will fix them .
we do n't have time to wait for these things and i feel like you 're forgetting the massive amount of people who do n't even have climate change or politics crossing their minds .
there 's a huge block of people who only care about their personal lives and are apathetic to anything past that .
then you 've got to factor in that you have to not only get the people in your own country involved and pissed off about it but that we 're reliant on other nations doing the same .
i 'm not saying we should give up the fight but it 's difficult to even pass even the most minor legislation to help fight climate change right now .
i would be surprised if there 's currently even a possible way to combat climate change through democratic means when you 've got dumbfuck conservatives who think it 's a hoax and corporations and nations that could give a fuck less about it now for short term financial gains .
that 's a timeline i 'd pay money to see .
map design is n't like ww2 its like a dumpster
olight pl mini 2 on my glock 26 using a recover tactical rail .
but personally i think your heat might be a couple degrees off .
it looks like it 's melting nice and starting to lay down but not adhere maybe even your bed not level or clean i had the same issues a few prints ago
your account needs to be older than 3 days to post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nudism if you have any questions or concerns .
just leave him and make sure there 's broad leaves near the surface where he can take in oxygen .
monitor him and see if you can move him carefully to lay on a leaf if he does n't come up for air .
i 'm not even asexual and i 'm relatable to this
everything is connected correctly i even had my brother check it .
the manual for the case had no mention of needing drivers .
or thinking someone else would want to use you ?
because i can definitely assure you that i want to do the second one .
it 's even better when i have a glass or two of an alcoholic beverage to lower my inhibitions a little 😉😁
the solutions would be very different for a guy who is 7 '' long with a 6.5 '' girth vs a guy who is 8 '' with a 5.5 '' girth .
it 's good to have relevant work experience before your official internship '' nearing your graduation .
start sending your resume for short-term internships so you have a beefed up resume for the job you really want .
okay team killing random teammates who do n't want to be team killed is toxic .
it does n't matter what mode it 's in .
please do n't tell me you 're one of those idiots who justifies toxicity by saying it 's casual who cares '' .
ok but let 's all remember that mitchell trubisky threw 6 touchdowns against the bucs last year so maybe this does n't say too much about daniel jones
get the hell out of here and be a god-damn man !
but you better be prepared to back up your statement and accept the consequences about leaving if she does n't quit otherwise ywbta for making empty threats to try to get your way .
this crisis appears to already have effected the white house .
at this points boobs are legal in most states https gotopless.org/topless-laws
the wood was cut in 2015 and dried outside and then kiln finished .
i would have to build up the whole edge in places .
all that demon 's souls and dark souls 2 training paid off in this game i guess .
i love the run to the bosses in this game .
the guys at work were all into popworld until a few month back so maybe try there
a lot of twice 's songs are in my most played playlist .
i remember a few years ago twice did n't have their music on spotify until 2017 i think so i got apple music instead .
something not defined by grrm nothing he had in mind in particular .
just some book with information roose found to be worth his time that nobody else should read .
what it specifically contained is n't in any way important .
even though the dpm per minute is low at tier 4 you can project that over the entire map and it is n't sufficiently low to not be game breaking .
a bb might be capable of twice the dpm but they ca n't put it anywhere they want .
i 'm consistently putting out 70+k damage at tier 4 with a pr in the mid 3ks .
i think it 's the biggest flaw with this format is that some bots are never getting to fight while others fight every time .
also bots are getting eliminated with winning records or never getting to fight .
and you do n't play a defense as good as ours until that game .
i 'm not saying we 'll shut you out or anything close but if the raiders can keep you at 28 it 's not unreasonable to expect the packers ' d to keep things manageable .
think of the spash man it 's already bad enough in the shower .
the government needs to leave people the fuck alone .
most are a lot more even than i expected !
interestingly three of tae 's are rocking his upgraded boy of summer card and another three have the upgraded version of let 's see .
apart from that there are no double profile pics in my list !
he talked about it a bit on feeds a few minutes ago .
i ca n't say much more on here because it would be a spoiler violation but he said that he felt like his mom was trying to say with her eyes he might be in trouble post show .
you can even use 4096 bit if you want to go nuts .
if they could be friendly and share tanks i would buy all the betta babies 🥰🥰🥰🥰
usually cum comes out of the dickhole and not from below it .
what i do is just listen to music and make an image from that music
am and fm differ in which axis the sounds is plotted against .
am on the amplitude and fm on the frequency .
integrating over the wave produces fm and differentiating brings it back to am .
i spend all of my money feeding my little brothers who i homeschool .
i research the topics that they are learning on my phone since we dont have a family computer .
my phones lcd is busted and half of my screen is black .
so being within 4 points is not competitive to you ?
haha no but this guy was confident as hell !
even better idea both of them switch places and there 's just this giant purple behemoth about to snap the spine of this innocent orange twig monster
up until spurrier arrived at florida the sec was mostly about big lumbering offenses and defenses .
back then an sec game was all about running the ball and then running the ball more after running the ball even more .
there was n't much offensive complexity and the defenses were simplistic in design .
spurrier revolutionized the sec with speed on both offense and defense and with an aggressive vertical passing attack called the fun n ' gun '' .
he was innovative in his play calling relative to the rest of the sec and their defenses and he was aggressive .
the quarterback would just throw it to a certain spot and let the receiver find the ball .
and he would do it over and over again .
some of the biggest advantages came down to having elite speed at the wr position and athletic superiority .
the sec was n't prepared for these things and they were slow and initially unwilling to adapt .
it sounds as if your discounts may have rolled off .
i 'd be happy to look for new offers .
collinsworth probably has a danica patrick poster hanging in his office so he 'll be ready to impress aaron that one day he finally swings by to say hey .
i 'm sick of having to log into the web interface of gmail just to find old email threads mac and ios
genetic diversity including in crops comes about via mutation .
there are many different varieties of watermelons of many colors .
i heard he fights a massive dude in an arena to defend morty in some sadistic medieval ritual called a trial by combat .
i mean i thought it was pretty funny tbh .
that is one roundabout ass way of taking a screenshot lol .
just happened add elements of smoke or smoldering pieces or many years ago possible vegetation or change out some pieces for rust ?
that all assumes that rotten tomatoes is a consistently good metric for judging quality which it is n't .
again people not liking a story is different from the quality of the story being told .
i could give you a cliff notes version of moby dick or i can read you the full book .
the latter of these methods will almost assuredly tell the story in an objectively better way .
tell me she did n't just say that ... ''
thank you all so much for your amazing comments and support .
it means so much to me and my family that we are in your thoughts .
i am gathering my facts to add an update now .
apple now have passed this to the next level support .
some are saying this is fixed in beta ios 13.1 beta .
if you want to know about how a planet 'acts '' just find someone with that planet in the first house and observe them !
apparently scientists very frequently have saturn in the first house .
not only does saturn rule the sciences and knowledge in general but saturn in the first also bestows alienation and isolation from an early age .
thus the first house saturn types generally bury themselves in scientific interests as a way of compensating for that social isolation
i was able to dig up much more specific information thankfully .
a lot of pictures/information that would help them easily figure out a location if this does pan out .
i really do feel like i did the right thing now no matter how my particular tip pans out .
if you decide to sos hunt bruxish keep pokemon with ability compound eyes first in the party when you start chaining .
this will increase chances for bruxish holding razor fang from 5 to 20 .
i think you should tell the new place everything and you measure the quality of the new company based on their reaction ... any sympathy could be a red flag .
i find it almost laughable that they have the nerve to call that a coi ...
i 'm sure i would laugh if they said that to me .
i think you should file a complaint with the 労働委員会 labour board
sidst jeg kiggede gav det samme problemer at stille politik op i højre og venstre som at bruge dårlige verdenskort https xkcd.com/977
jeg tror vi kan blive enige om at rv på nogle af de såkaldte verdipolitiske områder er meget langt fra det nationalkonservative mens de på en række andre er tæt på v og k eksempelvis .
if you 're in asia join rick and morty .
no level requirements just be active and i 'll give you a slot for guild battles
i feel like you 're looking for sympathy for your boyfriend walking out after you made an irresponsible hasty set of decisions .
give him time to cool off and give yourself time to bond with the pair of dogs you committed to caring for until their deaths .
unless they 're the true exception the dogs can be trained with patience and understanding .
data speeds are good i average about 30mbps down in a fairly large city .
do n't upgrade to 10 right away oneplus has n't added support for visible in 10 .
u/mvnoresearch can you follow up with oneplus and see why that is ?
9.5.13 is what works so stay on that until they fix it .
the following resolutions had been introduced in the 116th congress
h.res.13 introduced march 1 2019 by rep. brad sherman d-ca —referred to the judiciary committee .
h.res.257 introduced march 27 2019 by rep. rashida tlaib d-mi —referred to the rules committee
h.res.396 introduced may 25 2019 by rep. shelia jackson lee d-tx —referred to the judiciary committee .
h.res.498 introduced july 17 2019 by rep. al green d-tx-9 —a privileged resolution that was voted down by a vote of 332-95 .
the house councel stated that impeachment proceeding had begun https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/efforts_to_impeach_donald_trump start_of_formal_impeachment_proceedings in a filing with the us court of appeals and jerry nadler https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/jerry_nadler chairman of the house judiciary committee that the impeachment process '' had begun concerning president trump .
start of formal impeachment proceedings edit https en.m.wikipedia.org/w/index.php ? title=efforts_to_impeach_donald_trump action=edit section=21
in july 2019 the house leadership agreed to quietly start formal impeachment proceedings without a formal vote on the matter .
this was first revealed to the public in a court filing dated july 26 .
this assertion was repeated in another court filing in a suit seeking to compel the testimony of former white house counsel don mcgahn https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/don_mcgahn 143 https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/efforts_to_impeach_donald_trump cite_note-donmcgahn-143 stating
the judiciary committee is now determining whether to recommend articles of impeachment against the president based on the obstructive conduct described by the special counsel ... but it can not fulfill this most solemn constitutional responsibility without hearing testimony from a crucial witness to these events former white house counsel donald f. mcgahn ii .
later that day chairman jerrold nadler https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/jerrold_nadler went on both cnn and msnbc and stated that proceedings had indeed begun and that impeachment hearings would begin in september .
politico https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/politico reported that during august nadler and other majority members of the hjc had been drafting a formal document delineating the legal parameters of an official inquiry and that this would be voted on september 11 2019 .
the draft resolution was released to the public on september 9 2019 146 https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/efforts_to_impeach_donald_trump cite_note-146 and approved on a party-line vote two days later .
testimony of lewandowski edit https en.m.wikipedia.org/w/index.php ? title=efforts_to_impeach_donald_trump action=edit section=23
the first hearings against a president in 21 years took place on september 17 2019 and featured the testimony of former trump campaign https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/donald_trump_2016_presidential_campaign manager corey lewandowski https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/corey_lewandowski .
lewandowski exhibited a letter from president trump stating that he was forbidden to answer questions due to executive privilege even though he had never worked in the white house and was not entitled to it .
several republican members of the committee tried a number of procedural tricks clarification needed https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/wikipedia please_clarify to derail the proceedings .
lewandowski however did admit to doing the things he was stated as doing in the mueller report https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mueller_report .
there were two other witnesses scheduled that day and president trump directed former top aides rob porter and rick dearborn not to appear to testify before congress which they did not .
on september 23 2019 the house judiciary committee https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_judiciary_committee will hear the testimony of those suing the president over alleged violation of the emoluments clause https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/emoluments_clause .
i 'm about 80 sure that storms are currently synced across all servers ...
people who do n't celebrate holidays must use flour as seasoning
yup just show me where to put my night stick
gon na appreciate that cowboy bebop profile pic right there if i 'm not wrong
totally with you on this one to me it seems like people always talk about addons how they shouldnt give any advantage but then stuff like this gets a pass .
the fact the the owner operator pays so low that people do n't want to apply for positions here .
i work at a store in cary n.c. usa and our owner is fucking greedy af .
this guy will keep the store open through the worst conditions hurricanes blizzards power outages .
we do n't even have a solid crew on any of our shifts and we 're a 24hr store .
how can we get good responsible people working here ?
can you ask your girl where she found the spider and the web under it ?
the writer has never given his partner the proper credit for his scripts that he 's helped create so he decides to essentially torture the writer .
the writer suffers from psychotic depression or psychosis '' and he needs his medication daily at certain times of the day or else he may start imagining things that are a bit too real to him may or may not be a bit personal for me
i 'm on a fiwst date with this wondewfuw wady i met thwough a dating app .
evewything is going weww wike phenomonewy weww too weww .
we agwee on aww the same topics and ouw senses of humow match but diffewed enough that we'we suwpwising each othew with ouw expewiences .
some way ow anothew i bwing up that i am pwatinum wanked in weague .
she just kinda waughs acknowwedges how coow and how incwedibwe an achievement that is .
i am about to get into the bathwoom except i fowgot my phone and in my gut thewe 's a fat fat stowm bwewing .
wo and behowd i get back to the tabwe and my date is fuwiouswy wooking thwough hew phone .
on the scween is some kind of wow statistics page !
i just wanted to see youw thick match histowy '' she pweaded .
oh god wook at aww that gween oh my wowd i ca n't bewieve it . ''
whewevew i go my amazing pwatinum wank fowwows me wike a stench .
men women anyone if they heaw that i have extweme skiww and a divewse champion poow they onwy see me as some gamew adonis .
sometimes i'ww be taken home thinking it 's past-time to get funny .
but then my wouwd-be wovew shows me to a computew and begs me on theiw hands and knees to wet them witness one showt awam . ''
a set of fingews a paiw of eyebawws bwessed and cuwsed to be so much bettew than you at this game ?
and sometimes i feew wike a mushwoom just something to be stepped on .
pwo weague pwayews of weddit how do you get awong with othews when aww they can think about is youw dextwous fingews and massive map awaweness ?
it 's true but when i poured the slab i was planning a 2 post so i poured the whole thing 20.3 centimeters thick .
8 years later and not a single crack anywhere .
the e30 is light and i wo n't be driving or pulling on anything until the anchors are in .
take down the big boss man and big corp. sign me up
2015 was a great year but my life is worse now .
no date updates but this must be getting closer !
you can definitely work on being a better listener .
got ta say we 're finally in the thick of the arc that justifies its name my life as a teenage squirrel
it 's finally him you know trying to live his life .
but i do what i can when i can .
i give myself every excuse in the book but i know i dont do it to my potential .
what helps with me is i give myself ultimatums .
i 'll tell myself 'go to the gym or you ca n't have that extra snack for the day ' usually that works .
hope that helps and if you ever need an extra kick in the butt feel free to message me .
i 'll be glad to help where i can .
on the great family dramas of hollywood — and why he too is disturbed by twitter .
anaheim calif.— bob iger looks down at his phone and frowns .
why is the stock market dropping ? he murmurs to himself sitting in the back of a bmw ferrying him around disneyland during last month 's convention of superfans where he is showing off the new disney streaming service .
i know i have to give him the bad news .
you are hereby ordered i tell him to immediately start looking for an alternative to china including bringing your companies home and making your products in the u.s.a.
i am here after all to interview him about his new memoir the ride of a lifetime in which he proudly writes about the 40 trips he took to shanghai in 18 years to complete the labyrinthine negotiations to open the 6 billion shanghai disneyland 11 times the size of this park .
we are about to go to the star wars attraction in disneyland and take the wheel of the millennium falcon ride which was made partly in china .
and many of the costumes being sold in the gift shops at the park are sewn in china .
president trump just tweeted that ‘our great american companies are hereby ordered ' out of china i explain reading from my phone .
the disney chief 's face darkens in the happiest place on earth and i see the thought bubble about what he wants to say about the president sending the stock market tumbling with his volatile trade war with china and ordering c.e.o.s about .
the man who guided the mouse to gobble up so much of hollywood is nothing if not smooth sitting in his navy tom ford suit white tom ford shirt black john lobb shoes and rolex daytona .
as one top hollywood player told me the most important thing to know is this nobody expected bob iger to be bob iger.
it was a long nasty climb from being a little boy on long island watching the mickey mouse club having a crush on annette funicello to working in a building with snow white 's dwarves on top shattering a hollywood record this year when disney released five 1 billion movies .
look where else does a lower-middle-class kid with a modest education and not superhuman skills grow up to be me ? mr. iger asks sounding a little surprised himself .
after recognizing the tech threat early and making three acquisitions that revolutionized the media landscape pixar marvel and lucasfilm mr. iger rolled the dice at age 68 on the cusp of retirement and beat out comcast with a 71.3 billion bid for a chunk of 21st century fox .
and now he is as one top producer at disney dryly calls him the god king.
in a town where everyone is always filleting everyone else mr. iger floats above it all cosseted in what some call a a cult of nice. he may own most of the box office but he is shielded from schadenfreude because the people who would ordinarily begrudge him are happy that someone was able to assail the unassailable netflix and rescue the spirit of old hollywood from the takeover of the deep-pocketed tech giants .
literally i have never heard one person say a bad thing about him and i have never seen him be mean david geffen marveled .
to be honorable decent smart successful and a terrific guy is unusual anywhere .
but it is most unusual in the entertainment business .
barry diller agrees of all the characters here he 's the one with the most courage and the most certainty .
he has put as many cards in his hand as he could gather and he 's absolutely determined not to turn the world over to netflix and amazon .
and he 's grown into it which is even more impressive.
he is the sort of person who takes the time to talk to hoi polloi 's parents at parties and poses graciously for photos with fans at the park .
he seems relaxed with the staff when we stop for cocktails with names like the jedi mind trick at the star wars bar .
but his book makes clear how much effort went into his effortless demeanor .
by eighth grade he was working as a stock boy in a hardware store .
at 15 he toiled as a janitor for his school district .
cleaning gum from the bottoms of a thousand desks can build character or at least a tolerance for monotony he writes .
at ithaca college he earned spending money making pizza every night at pizza hut .
after he graduated he became a weatherman in ithaca and delivered a lot of bad news about the gloomy weather there .
he gave up a dream of being walter cronkite and moved to new york city and started at the bottom rung at abc 150 a week for menial labor on game shows soap operas and newscasts .
his friends say he was long underestimated and treated as a glorified errand boy even when he worked under michael eisner at disney .
in the ride of a lifetime mr. iger recounts how when he started at abc in 1974 the anchor harry reasoner sent him on an errand to check with the producers of the evening news to see if mr. reasoner needed to make any updates or if he could enjoy a second double extra-dry beefeaters martini on the rocks with a twist at hotel des artistes .
i ventured into the control room and said ‘harry sent me to find out how it looks ' mr. iger writes .
then he unzipped his pants pulled out his penis and replied ‘i do n't know .
forty-five years later i still get angry when i recall that scene.
mr. iger simply kept moving as he did after so many slights and wounds including mr. eisner 's disastrous decision to bring in the superagent michael ovitz as his no .
even once mr. ovitz was dispatched with a 140 million golden parachute for failing it was an uphill battle for mr. iger to persuade the board that he should succeed mr. eisner .
part of it was the association with him i was just tarred by the same brush mr. iger says .
and part of it was that at least to the board — talk about having to subjugate my own ego — it was his company and i was like a second-class citizen.
i remind mr. iger that i covered the 1997 disney shareholder meeting where mr. ovitz got his obscene severance package and noted in the column that among other failings mr. eisner 's socks were too short .
michael did not care about clothes mr. iger says with a smile .
he had good taste in other things but not clothes or food or wine.
it 's crazy how often i will go to make a comment on a post and then i see someone else has already made almost the same exact thing i would comment .
i try telling myself that great minds think alike but deep down inside i know it 's just that we 're almost all just one in the same .
but my statement is true in opposition to sleeping in a coffin or wearing glitter makeup that 's personal preference .
and yes i read your definition 5 times before replying because i do not like to be politically incorrect .
not cbd and giving cannabis to a child is in my opinion not so ok for it is illegal and immoral .
i initially answered to only those who went out of their way to argue .
one guy responded that it was impossible and called bull for cbd ca n't give liver failure without considering the child needs other medical drugs that could get affected by the cbd .
now that i 've given you the reason behind why cbd would n't work .
so now more arguing has been created and i have to argue against stoners nice .
i want you to say to which person in the thread that suggested cbd not cannabis that i was an asshat to .
last time i heard liver failure can result in death .
so no they maybe did n't say it directly but if they wo n't give to him because it can cause liver failure i am pretty certain that it is because liver failure probable death .
one person suggested cannabis that was the one i responded to .
getting out of their way to do anything that might ‘save ' the child because giving it cannabis not cbd is immoral .
i do n't have time for your arguing but dude you have went through all the fucking videos about ufd tech and his son you have went out and qouted all my comments without qouting the people i was arguing against because that would hurt your agenda .
yet you sit here all wised up and researched and argue with someone who simply answered with what ufd tech said .
why did n't i respond immediately with my answer above ?
because it would only lead to asshats like you that kept arguing .
it is really contradicting when you ask why i did n't respond with that to you first second you breathed yet you sit and write an essay about how i 'm full of shit .
you 're the reason behind why i did n't answer all stoners in the beginning .
it would only create more arguing and hey who could 've thought i am sitting arguing against a dude who really has no reason to argue .
too simplistic to blame him for the all of the woes of the country in current times
some guys forget that before marcos was n't necessarily a good time not as bad as the marcos admin but still bad .
for current problems looking at the erap gma and pnoy admins might give a better clue on current problems
from what i 've read a tb2 tb3 cable does n't exist .
unfortunately the only way to step up is via an adaptation .
and i 've got one straight from apple so i know it should work .
that 's why i 'm a bit confused and after today very frustrated as to why it wo n't see the hardware .
like i mentioned though i 'm not a pt guy so i could be missing some thing that i need installed on my mac or some thing of the sort .
well maybe not snuggles but i 've definitely had some nurses go the extra mile for me when i 've been hospitalized .
i 've also had some that were clearly just there for the paycheck as well ... but overall i 've had more very good nurses than bad ones .
people are not gon na make threads saying hey look the game is running fine no disconects '' etc .
so the few people that do have issues are going to show up and the others in the same boat are going to chime in here .
it seems insensitive and a bit off topic '' to say that you are not having problems in these threads the topic '' being the game sucks wotc sucks .
my question is this how come i 've never seen a single streamer experience these issues other than maybe a couple isolated incidents many months ago ?
the game is poorly optimized for sure so it 's prone to faltering but these things should be solvable if you know what you 're doing .
it 's the same few hundred people out of a few millions regurgitating the same things when it 's pretty clearly something on their end .
i 'd be interested in coming on and talking about a few things .
no i dont ... sorry they 're pretty high in demand right now since that update .
i 'd trade u the ee laser for the armor piece if youd like .
oh for god sake scp 049 return in the containment chamber now .
i appreciate their attempt to so the thuggery that occurs with some nfl superstars .
did he or did he not go down hard ?
got ta be careful with what you upload and ask permission
true but it does feel good for a moment or two .
are these re-releases of lucas ' new cuts or the original theatrical cuts ?
i ca n't seem to find confirmation of one or the other through google searches .
i 'm a bot that provides downloadable video links !
maybe a light bralett or some thing would be more comfy ?
i found those to be alright for days when i had low physical activity or even if i just go on walks so they do n't chafe 😖
my personal opinion is that taa is a better option than robbo for returns .
not just because of the goal yesterday i 've had him since day one
his underlying stats from last year suggest he 's more likely especially given his set piece taking .
last season he was a rotation risk but now he seems to be as nailed on as it gets .
with the way utd are playing just now i do n't think i 'd be keen on having any of them .
anyway the only thing worse than people who take sports too seriously are people who take sports podcasts/media seriously .
i 'm not even sure what people want from bill at this point .
he does n't read any of your complaints so you 're essentially just venting to each other over and over again something something definition of insanity .
seems a bit unhinged but what do i know ...
turn it slightly to the right ... it 's a whale .
my frames keep dropping to below 10 and it feels like a huge lag spike every time .
pretty much makes the game unplayable unless you like dying to shit thats out of your control
i second your move but why shut it down ?
just cut the unethical crap and use a part of the revenue for aid programs .
you are really only saving 13 from amazon for a reference card .
then they went home and had salmon for dinner .
they started that right before i closed my account .
the feature basically let 's anyone you message be able to respond to your message even if they are not a paying member .
while you have to be a paying member in order to send and receive messages this feature let 's someone who is n't a paying member respond to your message if you send them one .
still not worth it though because 95 of all people on match use the free sites and a good number of them are not paying member or have inactive profiles .
just a fyi once your sub expires match tries to tell you that you have messages likes and views in an attempt to get you to pay for their service again .
if you fall for it you see that all the messages are in your filtered folder or they are just messages from people who no longer use match or have hidden their profile .
a bunch of mustangs wonder how many crowds of people have been hit
this is a good idea ... it sorta goes hand in hand with another response which says each player does a single check to keep everyone involved .
each player 's single check can be 'for ' a specific phase of the adventure .
he literally does post memes dude at least check if your shitty claims are true before making them
he thought it would be one of his funny doings. now thanks to that clown i 'm stuck with this idiotic label as an online handle !
what makes this situation worse is that i ca n't change the username without making a new account altogether and i 'm not making a seperate e-mail address just for this website !
i will add that i have n't seen the other two at all but i know what they are supposed to about .
is it just because it has almost nothing to to with the other two movies or what ?
the only other semihollow guitar i 've owned was an ibanez artcore as73 and this is miles better .
all players must be in sync or else it will pause constantly to catch the off-host players up resulting in the input lag .
the further away you are from your party the worse it 'll be .
we can only hope one day they decided to update the network model to a more modern one like they are doing for reach firefight .
traps are so easy to use you can literally trap someone outside your box from the inside without even showing yourself .
if someone jumps in your box you just place 2 traps even if you die the other guy is going to probably die as well .
traps should do 100 damage max and they should not auto place .
shockwaves would be fine is they just did n't break through builds .
the problem with solos is that if you have a 1v1 with a good player you either waste a ton of mats to block off his way out of the box or you have to run after him every time he expands .
fights take too long if you do n't want risk exploiting into his box and getting trapped .
you can probably find one at a construction recycling store for 5 bucks or less .
and what do you get if he sees this ?
to start with read what antoniosrevenge said as those are the questions you should consider before proceeding .
if you still wish to invest you can usually open an investment account with either your bank or a third party .
if your bank offers the option it is usually easiest to also use them as an investment service as you can link the accounts for easier transfer of funds and other benefits .
remember not all investment accounts are created equal they may have different fees for trades with roughly 7 being average and some being more or some being as low as zero with an online app like robinhood .
i would also advise doing more reading on the topic as you seem to be mostly familiar with mutual funds which are a dying breed these days in favor of index funds .
i think peopl expect too much from the emmy 's .
they do n't care about the talent of reality shows .
i just find it super funny how real is actually doing good compared to barca they should have been 4-0'ed by dortmund but everyone 's trash talking real and zidane
afterneath and transmisser are smeary delay reverbs with the transmisser having a modulation focus .
levitation and ghost echo are belton brick reverbs based on a chip that used short digital delays to simulate spring tanks .
avalanche run and dispatch master are the same reverb and delay engine but you get much more control with the avalanche .
visiting the top of the custom house tower is pretty cheap and not too many people seem to know about it or do it .
go up at night have a drink catch the views while it 's still nice out .
hello everybody hope everybody has a great beginning of the week .
not sure there is such in english but in spanish is puedo perder muchas batallas pero nunca la guerra
people frequently cut a portion if a leaf off to use for sunburns and like things .
i 've done it myself and it will callous over where it was cut😊
unfortunately your post has been removed because it breaks the following rule s of r/livestreamfail
mediocre posts defined by a lack of either upvotes or comments after 2 hours are removed to help keep the subreddit history high quality as voted on by the community .
clips of streamers being posted frequently may require a higher comment/vote threshold to avoid removal .
if you have any questions please do n't hesitate to message the moderators !
edelgard is probably my favorite character in the series now and is in my opinion the best written protagonist in the series .
yeah i think she 's even better than hector and that 's saying something .
she 's actually kind of similar to hector as both of their stories involve how they deal with grief and learning to better show your emotions .
there 's a massive borderlands fanbase on pc if the second is anything to go by .
last numbers we had a a 50 split in pcs favor for that game .
egs may have kneecapped it a bit but the epic store payout plus higher share per sale no doubt means this tradeoff works in gearbox 's favour .
it comes with 4 variables red white purple and blue
you can clearly see it was put on properly and it has broken off .
liam has sex with you but retracted his verbal consent .
eat less meat waste less food and have less kids
yeah these are all good but how tf are they the 'only ' things you can do ?
9 of all co2 emissions in the uk are from air travel where domestic flying is much less of a factor than the us .
planes are incredibly bad for the environment and people who fly frequently lead the kind of lifestyles with the greatest environmental impact so they should be making the greatest changes .
the problem is it ai n't creative arts emmy awards anymore .
then when youve been lured he runs at you and tackles you with kisses
this includes titles like 'she 's not much but she 's mine ' and 'my humble setup ' including your age or school .
click here for extended information about rule vii https www.reddit.com/r/battlestations/wiki/pandering before messaging the moderators
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/battlestations subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/rytoc12 message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission i 'm in my second year of film school so i decided to spice up my dorm .
she may not look like much but she 's got it where it counts !
and you wont die alone you have your kid !
i do n't like that and i try to give people space .
but i feel a need for companionship and sometimes that is n't an option .
will be nice once they 're a little older and hopefully look different enough .
yes why i abandoned the real world trans community entirely .
the third time i ever went i had a woman ask who i was their supporting and when i said me she looked like she wanted to kill me and then die .
that 's been my general experience that or trans predators pursuing me despite telling them i 'm straight and only into cis men .
is anyone else worried espire wo n't release tomorrow ?
since it 's not listed as an upcoming title and it 's only a day away
flying down a steep hill on a bicycle when i hit a ramp and fly into the air it 's kinda blurry cause it 's a dream so i ca n't see the ground so i close my eyes in acceptance of death .
then i open them and i 'm awake in bed .
throws pebble at dimpacifist 's head to divert him from his obvious blunder .
in season 2 i had a high reputation all the time .
i started season 3 but i‘m now on low rep. ?
if you think indo/pak relations is not a global issue that affects every one of us on this planet then i have a bridge to sell you .
but yeah i hate littering too but your priorities are horribly misplaced .
people on social media if fyfe wins omg why did this smarmy prick win his own teammates dont even like him and he sucks off the umps in his spare time
but logically you have to see that keeping it illegal only makes the job more dangerous .
your post was not able to be automatically assigned a flair .
if you post multiple videos with no flair you may be prevented from posting in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubestartups if you have any questions or concerns .
naw these fortnite fools do n't deserve it fr 😤
when watching i use twist.moe which i highly recommend .
and god help you if your headphones and/or bluetooth cut out and your phone starts playing out loud while you 're in public ...
your cousin is a predator and your mother is doing fuck all to protect your sibling .
it 's clear your mother would rather not know about it or deal with it .
staying alive is n't really the issue for me it 's doing damage i might as well be shooting bubbles at the enemies haha
forgot about that aye i always make sure it 's set up first and just do two carcasses at a time
i see you 're a man of culture as well .
i never tried but i 've heard from others that if you 're on a device with a gps the app will use that instead of ip to determine your location so that makes sense .
the teeth on this thing were so sharp it might have been a shark .
in my experience the 3d touch works faster on ios 13 .
i tried to disable it to try hapti touc or whatever they call it i find 3d touch to be more responsive and quicker to show the options .
new items are included in a sale for the first time
edit also stacks with the 25 off email code .
got two new pairs of the slim brushed traveler pants in two new colors .
i exclusively wore those pants for the winter as they 're warm sharp and charming with their velvety feel and as comfortable as any traveler pants .
because in the meme and the movie gidorahs left head is named kevin because he was always more curious than evil .
honestly the biggest gain to the legacy version is n't lackey although lackey is great its wasteland and rishadan port
absolutely fantastic i also agree it 's absolutely the best fan art i 've ever seen but also a little embellished as yennefer had gotten battered and stoned and mentioned a broken tooth and stuff before she actually reached geralt
people claiming that they would take baker over cam ben brady mahomes rodgers ... . they were insane
they 're going to want a us billing address and if you can get a t-mobile signal from your border town then you 'll probably be fine since you 'll technically be on their network most of the time .
you 'll also have to take a us phone number which can be a pain .
i too have heard what the other person said that t-mobile will terminate your plan but on the other hand ... the person in canada on our bill has been on the plan for almost 5 years now .
as for the us number if someone wants to call them and does n't have us calling the caller '' just texts them and then they call them back from their us phone since it 's unlimited everywhere '' anyway .
take the guns first go through due process second ''
donald trump said that at the same time he was exploding the debt and deficit .
incest is allowed as long as you keep it in the family
i love sbcs more than playing the game it 's 99 profitable as u get familiar with the player database it 'll become easier my first fut experience was fifa 17 and all i did was sbcs on 20 accounts each account u can restart 5 times so that 's 100 teams .
do it it 's the most profitable at the start
uh which is why the spurs won in 2 of those 3 years ?
i am betting it will be the same panel we saw this past year .
i am very curious to see what happens for agt season 15 though .
wait ... did you just make an account to respond to this ?
i look forward to seeing you with some pics and hearing more about it .
splitting the project into smaller bits is n't viable btw .
refactoring is core to re-use in any development process .
i made everything but dinner for myself around the time i was 11 or 12 and i was helping with dinner even before that .
i think the expectation just depends on how busy your parents are and how much they expect you to be self-sufficient .
we 're standing under the missile to-and it 's gone .
if someone makes their whole political career about diversity and equality is revealed to have once done something bigoted and apologizes i believe them because their apology and assertion that they have changed is consistent with their more recent actions while the bigotry is not .
but if someone decries immigration and rubs elbows with white supremacists like so many on the right is revealed to have once done something bigoted and apologizes i am less inclined to accept their apology and believe that they have changed because their past bigotry is consistent with their present actions .
with roughly 180,000 sales in the u.s. since january 2018 tesla model 3 outsold the combustion engined counterparts
as it turns out the model 3 is way more popular than well-established models/brands having a six-digit advantage over the 2nd best in sales
the three best-selling german models would need to combine into one to beat the model 3.
prompt users in the title but do n't play writing games or commission stories https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_6.3a_prompt_users_in_the_title.2c_but_don.27t_play_writing_games_or_commission_stories
prompts go in the title do not extend into text .
you can add commentary in the text but do n't add additional prompt restrictions .
also avoid too many details https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/prompts ? src=recipe .
you can explain what a tas is but everything else is details that should n't be included in the text
modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fwritingprompts subject=removed 20post message=https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/comments/d87ekj 0a 0a us if you have any questions or concerns .
in the future please refer to the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/about/sidebar before posting .
this action was not automated and this moderator is human .
the more i read about it the more i respect it .
what i 'm getting at here is that being fucked/penetrated can be exhausting and is not always what women desire sexually and so many het men see it as the end all be all of sex and then fail to grasp why after years of this exhausting unfulfilling sex life their female
if it 's a cash issue try getting a couple deposits or if you use your debit card for the room the charge does n't post to your account for 3 days 2 days after checkout generally just a hold .
if you were to run down the common issues america faces and ask what trump has done about them the answer is either something bad '' or absolutely nothing ''
i had been buying a pack and then refilling the empties right away and they seemed a lot better now i 'm using my pile of old ones and some of them really suck .
and i do hate how refilling them makes them a lot more leaky .
while i agree with the gist i disagree that all of this is to be solved in an israeli-palestinian peace accord between two of the parties in this dispute .
this issue can be handled separately when israel would seek recognition from the muslim countries that do not recognize it
i know he 's only a soldier but furio was to me the most realistic by far .
he does n't give a fuck just give me the mahnee .
the scene where he busts in to the massage parlor for tony almost a one cut scene it might be the most awesome sequence in the whole series .
as a gun guy i think that would be awesome .
most people are n't gun guys though and would n't get the difference between a full or ic choke .
no no he hired a woman to paint a mural and then as she is painting he is having sex with a different woman in that room .
this user has verified themselves with the mod team https www.reddit.com/r/amateur/wiki/verification as evidenced by their 'verified ' flair and the 'original content ' flair on the link itself .
that means that this is a real live person posting their own body on the internet for our enjoyment .
all off-topic or unkind comments will be removed and subject to temporary or permanent ban .
see the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/amateur/about/sidebar for the full sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/amateur/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amateur if you have any questions or concerns .
i see what you 're saying on this first one about it being interview like do you recommend not asking much about their faith then sorry if i 'm projecting on others but i feel as though if you love jesus you 'd be very open to talk about your faith with others especially those who ask..but that may just be the case for only some believers it 's not like i 'm asking their stance on calvinism v arminianism something i think i started asking that when i started matching with people i later found to be ‘christian scientist jehovah 's witness mormon or go a prosperity gospel church ' and i 'd rather not waist my time or debate people down the road if that makes sense
do you have any recommend questions related to faith that you feel are n't too peering ?
... . and the presumption about non-denoms being offensive is possible but probably a stretch/boarding on sensitive i personally have went to non denoms most of my life and most of what they all believe is generally similar to churches that have the name baptist in it ... but i 'll avoid making that joke going forward
politics has shown me just how shitty some of my friends '' are .
if you justify kids in cages genocide ethnic cleansing and endless wars then you 're a shitty person and i do n't care what kind of relationship we had i want nothing to do with you
100 agree lol that one is just so fresh on my mind !
i can not say enough how much i loathe at t/directtv .
they screwed up everything and still could n't get it all straighted out after close to a year .
are you native spanish speaker or even with subs it was funny .
best '' and most affordable '' are never the same camera .
there technically is no best but contenders would be panasonic gh5 sony a6400 nikon z6 canon eos r
users often report submissions from this site and ask us to ban it for sensationalized articles .
at r/worldnews we oppose blanket banning any news source .
readers have a responsibility to be skeptical check sources and comment on any flaws .
you can help improve this thread by linking to media that verifies or questions this article 's claims .
your link could help readers better understand this issue .
if you do find evidence that this article or its title are false or misleading contact the moderators who will review it
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/worldnews if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's fine that he 's not good enough to be a wr1 .
but the fact that he ca n't even be relied on to make the plays presented to him consistently is what 's hurting this team when they need him to step up .
and it 's one of the reasons why i hope the eagles do n't resign him after this season .
i am trying to be patient but it feels like we do n't have any rookie contract players making a real impact through three weeks .
plus i look around the league and see so many young players of the same age and position group outperforming the young guys we have .
in many cases these guys were drafted lower too .
imagine if jj could make the same impact as hardman or metcalf or if sanders could play like singletary or if sidney jones could play like marlon humphrey .
cupcake is more rated r than both of them tho .
she 's literally known for making over the top and overly sexual songs
boil broth cut heat add noodles stir add whatever else i 'm putting in then eat .
half if this seems logical and half is fat logic .
visual wisdom '' sounds like as much woo woo as honor your cravings . ''
i guess this is one of spacex ' secret weapons having rotating teams that work 24 hours a day .
i 'm about 40 this year through manual stock picking so 3 is not bad considering how wishy-washy the market has been lately .
put it on the poll will they always be the san diego chargers ?
i just want to know if it 's still a good place .
i do n't want to end up trapping myself in a crappy college full of bitchy girls .
i do know her feeling is that the university used to be a place for elegant and classy women and now thinks its sort of just uhh ... like the stereotypical millennials that boomers bitch about haha
once you understand the concept of original sin of adam and eve the immaculate conception will come naturally .
you do n't have to accept it but if you pick the original sin concept the immaculate conception is inevitable .
so first off if you get a 401k match you should put money in your 401k first to get that match .
anti-abortion is just as much branding by one side as pro-life is branding by the other .
may is probably the one that needs to be reinforced .
that team is fine for general content tanks not really needed for that .
for harder content there is no one team that will always work .
you need to mix and match units to address the specific fight mechanics .
notably you 're missing a strong breaker with is almost essential to clear harder fights .
the better ones explain what unit is brought to deal with specific aspects of a fight .
that 'll give you a better idea on how to build teams for trials .
even without that there was stuff like the mos eisley cantina .
bounty hunters and other interesting characters without the force .
so has everyone forgot what a comedy homicide is ?
oh sorry that we are more civilized than back then .
the spirit fruits and elixirs to strengthen the madra channels .
i was diagnosed with tourette 's at age 9 .
set with a neurologist to get re-diagnosed and seek treatment as it has come back a little i 'm 36 .
i took myself off of it 12 months later as it made me a zombie .
i actually do n't remember much of 4th and 5th grade because of it .
i 've always had a mild form of tourette 's so i was lucky in that respect .
my facial tics did make for an awkward grade school/high school experience though .
i had a good group of friends who did n't care and never gave me a hard time though school can be brutal for anyone who is perceived as different .
my tourette 's did lead to some social anxiety and communication problems that took me a while to recover from but i did eventually .
the worst of it went away by age 16 where i eventually learned to manage '' my tics to something that others would n't notice like teeth grinding toe wiggling etc .
my college years i was pretty much free of everything maybe because i was drunk all the time haha .
age 25 onward it was done to just teeth grinding or other unnoticeable actions .
it has only been recently that some of the old tics have come back along with the migraines occassional blackouts and trouble sleeping that i had at a young age .
i 'm assuming this new wave is due largely to stress .
i will say his adolescent and teenage years may be a little frustrating for him but if he is surrounded by a good group of friends and a supportive family he can and will have a good young life .
it gets better most people stop ticcing before their 20 's .
it may come back as an older adult like mine has but he will be able to manage it better by then .
i also like bigger boobs but you have a great figure !
nicotine salt which is different is a fairly new development .
new r/neoliberal/new am i the only one who feels this greta thunberg thing and children being involved in politics is fucking ridiculous ?
replies to this comment will be removed please participate in the linked thread
p.s the camera that records my face is the same for the whole video but just when i overlay the screen part the quality drops and i dont understand ... anyone else had this ?
it has longer range than it look and actually faster than full charged ichimonji with similar damage and goes through defense .
the only thing holds it back is spirit emblem cost .
it should be free so i can cosplay the ashina elite .
he 's referring to the chaos doomstacks that spawn whenever you start a ritual .
it 's a little annoying becauase if your empire iabbig enough you have no way to know where exactly they will spawn so you 're likely to have a few settlements that often are n't even ritual sites razed .
so because i 'm a man who does n't want to see others body fluid it 's a problem .
it would be okay for me to have this same exact view point if i was a girl but since i 'm a guy on a sub originally for females that is now more of a wholesome place for teens my viewpoint means less .
it 's almost like i 'm being discriminated or your treatment of me is based on my sex and since i 'm a guy i 'm getting worse treatment .
i think there 's a word for it ... oh yeah it 's sexist .
50 ways to die in minecraft by jake eyes on yt
someone on the vid said it was chalk pastel but i 'm not sure tbh
i 've been wondering who to rank up 4 docotor voodoo masacre or scarlet witch all unduped .
same thing with me i used to read constant y then real life kind of got in the way .
now it 's hard to even find books that i can get really immersed in .
the last one to actually captivate me enough to make me set aside time for it was the game of thrones series .
put the vest back on and call your doctor .
when mine came off i had no pain from my shirt rubbing .
if you are in the market for eerie/surreal commissions .
just shoot me a pm or email me wanderingartist360 gmail.com mailto wanderingartist360 gmail.com
and then when you restore it you like like some rich old douchebag going through midlife crisis .
i do n't think i 've ever seen a mach i with thin whitewalls or original wheel covers .
now the border between real life is smaller than ever
i 'm sure there are up to date lists online somewhere .
gen chem is your friend nothing is wrong with focusing on what interests you specifically but it is tough to understand stuff later on if you skip over theory that 's hard to digest .
the more general theory you get under your belt the easier it is to understand things .
there are probably good educational video series but i 'm not familiar with any .
checking out fun informative chem videos from folks like codyslab nilered extractions ire etc inspired me when i was newer to the subject in the way they made it seem more accessible .
i like to read wikipedia articles when i 'm bored and look at the sources for interesting new papers and books to read .
find a reaction or chemical process that interests you and study the theory behind it .
i find tons of things to read about that way some related to the original subject matter and many that arent .
chemistry is awesome because it 's so multifaceted and pervasive in all of our lives .
i mean not if you keep showing off your sexy self for free
i 'm just about to look into how to do these things care to point me in a good direction ?
when sloane plays like this i immediately assume either her opponent is playing bad or she 's about to fall apart .
the dude 's name is actually brad biggs lol .
but to be fair this is a little less scummy than say a reporter getting access to private medical documents and posting them to twitter .
just read the rest of post and you should stick with 50ug or 25ug do you know how much your tabs are dosed ?
me on thursday night thinking carmart was going to hold us back down the stretch 🤡🤡🤡
i agree i just do n't think people were ready for the per land progression aspect at first which to me seems like a very odd but original take in a somewhat roguelike direction
no but i started the course two weeks back .
as i 'm taking it down a woman catches me .
in the morning the cops come and i escape in one of their uniforms .
i tell her to meet me in mexico but i go to canada .
i have a son and he 's the chief of police .
i tell tiffany to meet me in paris by the trocadero .
she 's been waiting for me all these years .
nah he might be so aggressive because of his childhood .
it 's understandable you do n't want a meetup in person .
but do give him a chance to stay in touch via messages and calls .
you may be feeling uneasy because it 's too soon and you have n't gotten to know him enough yet and have n't established boundaries with each other .
it 's possible he 's seeking some healing/closure that a sibling could provide even if you 're very different people .
so i do n't think anybody is ta except your dad .
doctors bar none worst investors and pilots on the planet .
get the help you need do n't let this take over you .
but 5 on each grouping seems to be the maximum until someone proves me wrong
bruce lee studied under many different masters and never completed any of his training under those masters .
once he came to the west and was popularized in movies he developed his own martial arts style which is a compromisation of what little he did learn in the various styles he dabbled in .
a popular commercial done for kodak had movie magic to make it look as though bruce lee was far more skilled than he actually was look up jack man vs bruce lee .
jackie chan though also an actor is a life long martial artist would ultimately end up defeating bruce lee .
jackie chan if i 'm not mistaken is in his sixties and has been practicing martial arts since his teen years giving a good 40 plus years of training and experience from multiple choreographers martial arts masters and innovating styles of his own .
if bruce lee had stayed alive this entire time and continued his training instead of just acting who 's to say ?
nta maybe it 's therapeutic for her or something to have a daughter and i guess you can let her do it to an extent but there it was just out of line .
also maybe i did n't read properly but does n't she have a son ?
why ca n't she take him to the zoo and stuff ?
if you are competent c programmer learning c will be like a breeze the existence of gc and lack of pointer make it a lot easier than c .
c evolves quickly though i recommend reading blogs/articles on dev.to and medium about c 8 and new features it will be a vastly different coding experience but should be much more enjoyable than the headache from c
but sometimes to understand how something happened you have to understand why something happened .
you have to get inside the minds of these people .
but yes i totally agree with your assessment there too .
i had the same thought when i saw the reply from the person who asked the question .
r/retrogaming is for posts about vintage gaming 5th gen platforms and earlier .
however discussion about newer platforms is allowed as discussion just not as a top-level post .
if you 've posted about a 6th generation console you might consider posting to the related subreddit s r/nostalgiagaming r/dreamcast r/ps2 r/gamecube r/originalxbox r/nds r/psp .
if you 've posted about a modern game in a retro style r/indiegaming or r/gaming might be the best place for your content .
why would you butcher his amazing theme song like that ?
didnt realize you specified that in your first message .
what would be the meaning of the statement then poetic yes but what does it mean lol ?
this medal looks like it came from a box of cereal or the air force or something ...
the best part of this is that it changes the whole apology into snark .
they 're just shitters who were onyx or diamond in gears 4 because they got carried to wins by their team .
having mvp does n't mean you played well either .
for example you could have a koth game go 3 rounds and you are mvp with 9k score .
that 's a really low score for a 3 round koth game and you will likely lose points .
take that same game where you are mvp but you have 13k score you will gain points .
it 's all about how well you play not the team not winning or losing .
i feel like me and taylor might still have sex
being a d himself and also he must have been keeping track of all the supernova before timeskip he knows what luffy is capable of and have already done up to that point .
the fact that luffy showed up at marineford and actually stole the spotlight was the last evidence law needed to be certain that luffy is the last card he needs to take down mingo .
there was an update to the rules regarding images .
and see this post https www.reddit.com/r/exjw/comments/cj5y05/example_image_post_bible_flip for an example of how to share these kinds of images in the new format .
tl dr image posts must have flairs assigned which is why this post has been removed and images that are of the following types must be done as links inside text posts
'' i do n't know how to get a link '' create a text post and use the following url which was from this post .
even though this post was removed the url to the image should continue to work https i.redd.it/oea2m0h6mio31.jpg
allowed images yes some image posts are still allowed .
the following is a sublist of example image types that are allowed and what to do to fix it in case your image should 've been allowed .
repost with the 'doctrine ' or 'jw policy ' flair
this list will be updated as we see image types get removed that should n't have
you can post the photo to your reddit profile go to your profile click new post and then link directly to that image in your text post .
please do n't flair something like a meme as another flair just to pass the automod .
those posts will be removed once a mod sees them .
other types of traditional image posts like pictures of doctrine are still allowed like normal .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/exjw if you have any questions or concerns .
3-0 and do n't even leave eastern time until week 13 .
the greatest of all time wo n't have any jet lag this season .
chapter 480 called '' final arc the thousand year blood war '' .
maksumaksjal kes naljast aru ei saa ja maksu maksa pole nagu alati meie riigis helget tulevikku .
see pole nali kui ajameelsed kõrgeima võimu kandjad otsustavad mida teha eilastena uhkete ja ahnete riigireeturite nende kaasaegsete jüngrite ja liitlastega kel on juba pärilik aip ajuimmuunsuspuudulikkus .
häbi olgu eilastel kes naljast aru pole saanud ja seaduskuulekate ajuinvaliididena ei märganud õigel ajal maksumaksja rollis kasutada inimõigust ja panustada riiklikku sotsiaalfondi nii et jokk ja tulevikus poleks vaja tunda kaine patrioodina joo-u julgeolekuohtu .
päris uhkete pilves olijate eest kes ise palju sisse ja ise ette võtavad ei saa keegi vastutada kui nad kõrgelt kirjutamata seaduse ja või uue eetikakoodeksi järgi otse alla ja kukkudes maalaste mainet määrivad .
i will say that the girl who did this look is amazing at hair !
however she is just as confident with makeup and it just never hits the mark .
my interpretation is pretty orthodox of course i am a theravadin so i have a very conservative interpretation on this
to the buddha i go for refuge actually has two meanings in theravada
first is the conviction the buddha was in fact enlightened ie he was not lying or mistaken he has actually achieved the end of suffering .
the second conviction then is if the buddha was not lying or mistaken ... then it is possible that i too can become enlightened .
the possibility of enlightenment i have as gautama siddhartha .
so to the buddha i go for refuge is a double meaning .. the first is refuge in the fact the buddha was enlightened and taught the dharma which comes to us in the pali canon the second is that it is very possible that i the individual become awake like the buddha .
this then also creates a double meaning for the dharma .
based upon the buddha is enlightened conviction then we have conviction the pali canon dharma is the teaching of the buddha .
however based upon the potential of enlightenment we have.. the second conviction then is that we can analyse our own mind guided of course by the teachings of the buddha as found in the pali canon but still requires investigation ... which is the second part of the dharma .
the sangha hence can be the conviction that there are many beings who are already on the path towards enlightenment remember the early definition of sangha was really ariya sangha .. not the mundane community the second is that you as the individual can be one of them .
china actively tortures and murders falun gong practicioners to get them to swear off their religion in public or to harvest their organs .
there are no reports of systematic killings like in nazi germany but the method is mostly the same
internement camps forced labour torture and general little respect for human rights
but not sure i want to waste time with regular seeds .
i 'm on day 44 here sober from alcohol as well after a relapse induced by it .
i bawled my fucking eyes out out of nowhere yesterday and i 'm calling in sick and missing class today .
i feel like i 'm on the verge of crying most of the time .
i could understand this happening in the first few weeks but damn it i thought things would be easier by now ...
well i guess no means no to latina women too .
it is for translating a whole book and as i love the interface with its double vertical window i thought it could be the perfect environment .
i had nothing else to spend my atoms on so i bought it .
functionality not great perhaps if they had made it 200 longer rather than 50 .
never seen this set it is so perfect for qlimax .
i am so hyped to see him at qlimax this year .
and while we are at it get rid of spell batching as well feels like constant 500ms delay .
come down here to pet me and feel my paw bump grooves
i seriously dont understand why people are saying it didnt happen .
just because you refuse to accept the label zombie doesnt mean it didnt happen .
i had a dog lead me to a dead body with green eyes as well but im not going to make the jump to zombie but im also not going to be a salty cunt about it .
40-55 fps at low-medium settings 1080p 75 render scaling or what its called intro 's and spawns were about 15 fps .
yeah geist 's effect ignores any cost adjustments which can be both positive if you 've discounted a 2 cost spell to 1 or negative as in your example .
it sucks that a bunch of other decks had to cop flak for jade idol 's sins but c'est la vie i suppose .
on a side note though i wonder what happens if you cast luna 's pocket galaxy with some 4-or-more cost minions in deck then play hemet jungle hunter ?
eta why the fuck did i get downvoted for this ?
he will rise at some point not everyone can afford vvd varane and the likes .
mf my go to is double bacon cheeseburger with normal cheeseburger in the middle
it 's more about the fans you have before success anyway so i do n't really care about the 523 increase as most have never been to a game .
oh and have you got any proof our owners are directly involved ?
i mean there is a good chance they are but nobody has ever given me definitive proof just claims .
it 's supposed to be han 's transformation from human to heartless cyborg
be on another 20 minutes or again this evening .
think of the good that would be done if the lib dems ditched their tory leader and committed to a labour/lib dem coalition .
we 'd cast the tories out for a generation .
i get severe gerd and acid reflux at night even after just eating half a bagle .
but for me it was n't just going gluten free i had to eliminate almost all grains including buckwheat oats and corn tolerate only small amounts and potatoes which are all gluten free .
thank you but the suggested solution is not applicable in my case .
people are interested but only one is getting one bag today .
i ca n't believe people are saying 'this is a disgrace ' and similar things to the same tune .
unanimous decision by the maximum number of judges on the highest court in the land have ruled it unlawful .
if you disagree with it it 's not a disgrace you are a disgrace .
not familiar with that library but if it 's drawing a graph from data streaming from the arduino it may be too slow .
if you disable it or replace it with something simpler like printing to stdout and it becomes much faster it should be clear this is the case .
you may need to decouple the reading of serial data from the graphing by doing it in a seperate thread .
ideally you will also batch up new data points .
for example if you find you can only plot the graph once a second but receive 10 data points per second you would try to plot a new graph that includes the 10 data points instead of plotting a new graph for each data point .
it is impossible for us to conclude on the evidence which has been put before
us that there was any reason let alone a good reason to advise her majesty to
primul sarut prima oara cand am pus mana pe o tata prima oara cand am vazut o pizda live nu pe net prima oara cand m-am indragostit si bineinteles prima partida de sex
i see so many people relying only on courses and as soon as they 're out of the classroom they do n't use it .
unless you want to barely make it to bbb forget all about it and go through all the same crap a few years later .
when i started in the ps i did n't speak english i could understand it well enough .
i learned it all through interactions with coworkers and elsewhere using english in stores etc .
it 's only once i was exempted eee that i found out there were language courses offered at work .
lol mind you i would n't have had the patience to sit through those classes anyway .
where in the south are you from if you do n't mind me asking ?
because my hometown is coastal karnataka and i do n't fine much difference in the weather between the and bombay .
succumbed to fluid in the lungs caused by inhalation of toxic dust 20 years ago
choked to death on part chewed food because of stroke damage 3 years ago
confucianism isnt a religion its a philosophy/code of ethics .
but there are places where it 's a lot safer .
i mean you can see a wolf or whatever but seeing a spider is a bit more difficult .
but with a toxin if you have no cure within a few minutes your fucked .
i think poland would send it back marked ‘unpalatable ' .
please refer to rule 13 and see below for more information !
unfortunately we strictly do n't allow memes on the subreddit anymore and at moderator discrection we usually remove other low effort images ex check out this gay thing/this minecraft thing i did etc '' as we have noticed over time with no enforcement of this policy the subreddit it quickly moves away from the intended place of advice and discussion towards more of a r/dankmemes meme filled subreddit which is fine for a subreddit that is intended for that kind of material but that is not what this subreddit is intended for low and high effort memes/images will at times have 5x the amount of karma any individual post will get and thus knock important personal questions down the listings and causing them even more unlikely to be seen which is a problem .
we still love memes and they are definitely a great way to cope and relate or just have fun so i suggest if you want to resubmit this image or browse other similar things you should head over to a sub like r/gay_irl and check out their sidebar/rules as well as suggested communities and find a ton of great content we are unaffiliated but they seem to be the place for gay memes .
sorry to let you down on this topic i know it seems a bit silly but we take our users problems really seriously and it 's a terrible thought to me that we would instead go for the lowest common denominator and allow memes to fill the pages while those that are in desperate need of help and guidance are forgotten and pushed out so unfortunately this is the decision that was made .
i hope you can understand and either way i hope you have a really great day/night .
nothing like some george carlin quotes to brighten up the day .
the thing about the short trial and accidental death is that it 's such a waist of a character even if it is a likely thing to happen if the killing game were real
old woman used to run a small boarding house and housed disabled and senior citizens with no family members only .
she would eventually poison them with a toxic beverage like put a bunch of pills in their tea or something like that then she 'd wait for them to die and she would hire someone to dig huge holes in the backyard and bury the bodies in there .
then she 'd keep collecting their social security checks .
eventually the area started to really stink and a social worker started to wonder what happened to one of the clients .
i forgot how exactly the jig was up but i think she ended up burying someone in the front lawn and someone came to work on something and found a human bone .
that 's when the cops started to poke around and the old woman became suspicious and asked if she could grab some coffee down the street .
they eventually dug up the backyard and found several bodies .
they eventually found her in a different state and arrested her .
instead of numbing your senses it gives you energy and it clears your mind .
i tend to take 100mg moda 200mg l-theanine it kinda boosts the effect and keeps it from hitting hard from the start .
i find it that having more energy helps in many ways .
oh and i 'm using modafinil because it kinda cuts your dopamine transporters and if you 're coupling it with some workout it 's awesome .
i do n't really have other sources of dopamine so ...
this thread now has me picturing chroma and smolt as kratos and atreus .
leaders pitted around lap 14-15 out of 53 off the hs to the s. this will likely confirm a soft to medium one stop strategy for the leaders .
besides it 's red nose the coolest thing about this specific supermarine sea spitfire fr.47 vp474 is iirc it shot down a mig-15 in the korean war .
yes as long as you have the following options enabled in the converter settings assuming you are using foobar2000 on windows
and possibly this if you have the album covers as separate files
i think social media gets eyes on more players than before .
everyone has a video camera in their pocket and the more video there is out there the less likely players slip through the cracks .
and because i had to work my ass off for it not just open a box .
mir geht es vor allem darum dies phänomen nicht mit gestört vom tisch zu wischen .
wir müssen ernst nehmen dass in einer zeit in der rechtsextreme menschen gezielt töten andere menschen parteien wählen die die ideologie der täterinnen befürworten .
the previous owners were kinky af and had wild parties .
ask him to stop drinking coffee after 12 pm .
and reduce screen brightness of his phone and laptop/computer .
and tell him to reduce his intake of sodas too .
you 're getting downvoted because you made no attempt to answer op‘s question .
haha no he 's just a really really dark brindle cardigan corgi takes a lot after his father in most ways .
he does have some lighter brown on him but it 's mostly as tiger stripes on his back legs
you start off by introducing the characters to the audience .
i find it annoying when podcasts give out information at random .
no i do n't want cherry to give in and get pregnant !
having said that i am being hypocritical here because i desperately want sam and ruth to get together .
when things started to go that way at first i was a bit confused-i really did n't see a need for it and their friendship was so lovely as it was .
now that it 's actually an option i have become horribly invested in it and if i do n't see that plot panning out properly i might explode .
i do n't know if i want them to be 'together forever ' but i would like to see how their relationship would look and i would like it to have a positive resolution .
are we sure steve mnuchin is a real boy ?
voting for lesser people such as claude or dimitri ...
a true person of culture would place their vote on someone with a noble character .
someone deserving of the most esteemed award we could possibly give them ...
the true correct cyl vote is for gatekeeper-kun obviously !
they rolled off an assembly line somewhere looking just like this
what 's your best advice to get up higher levels ?
it takes me a whileee still to get to 600 .
i only bought the two sigil stones for dmg and gold
so whag abour all the other players that say good things or even nothing about esam ?
fact is he is the only one it was never about the viewers .
there are people vital to producing it that ca n't live forever .
travel day syd to whitsundays flight from syd to brisbane and on to whitsundays
day 14 start traveling back to sydney and to home
seafoam or lucas are both pretty good fuel treatment .
i would also recommend grabbing a second can of seafoam and running it through your intake and oil .
i do this once a year on my tahoes always keeps them running clean .
pour half a can into your crank casing a few days before you get the oil changed this will really help loosening all of the buildup and grime that 's most likely accumulated while the truck was sitting .
if it works right the oil coming out should be black as molasses and full of gunk .
take the second half of the can and pour it into the hose that runs to the vacuum brake booster while the engine is running .
let it sit for 30 minutes or so re-attach the vacuum hose to the booster and start it up you should see a ton of thick white smoke coming from your exhaust this is all of the carbon and junk buildup being burnt off after being loosed by the seafoam .
if you want more detail on doing this plenty of youtube videos around on it .
i would check the belts and tensioners too could be in bad shape depending on what the climate is and how much weather the truck has seen while sitting .
my '02 was parked outside for so many midwest winters at one point i could literally snap the rear brake lines in half with three fingers .
now thinking if i should have gone for the block g though
i ca n't stop thinking of bruce allen finally coming out of hiding this off season to do a premature victory lap on shows like first take '' with that smug fucking look on his face as if to say
haha haters i know what i 'm doing and had the best draft while the giants took daniel jones lmao ''
well fuck you bruce it looks like the giants dolphins etc actually may know what they 're doing unlike you .
you can stay back in hiding again till you have a modicum of perceived success again which was probably a one off and will never happen again .
i was at guitar center and i was playing around with all sorts of guitars .
so it was in the back of my mind till i convinced myself that if i had a small guitar i would paly/practice more due to its portability .
i bring it everywhere and on the subway it 's often a subject of conversation with other gs mini players cult member .
and who are you to tell the servers what to do ?
that was bad i admit i 'm not sure where that insult came from b/c actually she was brown skinned ?
then do n't buy it accept your free rewards and move on ?
to save some people the search because i had to look it up myself
yeah i was just kinda curious as to if it actually allowed enough fuel through .
mine leaks a little and the cheapest oem one that i can find is like 70 .
if the eagle mike one works fine i may pick one up since its like half the cost .
what 's crazy is he is still better than witten
to answer your question no it 's not all citadel .
a decent amount of it is but not 100 maybe 50 .
that pick was an awful throw no excuse for that
i assume you are video editor am i right ?
by that mentality is men would have millions of legs because we have sperm and the way it looks like then each one has a small tail which could be called a leg
please do not reply back to this removal message directly or pm or invite moderators to chat .
unfortunately your submission https old.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/d8nlex has been removed from r/teenagers for the following reason s listed below
that are not specifically relevant to the average teenager may be removed .
memes must relate to daily teenaged life they should n't be applicable to other subs or every day people .
for example if it 's relatable to someone who is not a teen it 's not suitable for this sub .
if it 's a funny meme that has no relevancy to specific teenaged experiences it 's not suitable for this sub .
posts with intent to spam and clog new and/or intent to collect karma including cake day posts are not allowed .
post deemed to be spamming new such as personality tests or question threads are subject to removal if necessary whether or not there is a megathread created to contain these posts .
reposts or extremely similar memes are subject to removal .
submissions that do not create relevant discussion are not allowed .
posts such as why was this user banned '' why are n't my posts showing up ?
screenshots of reddit including a user 's profile r/teenagers or other subs posts comments etc or images that lack any context fall under this rule .
comments with the intent to spam by extremely large messages copypastas or multiple repeated comments throughout the sub are subject to removal .
the full extended documentation of rule 2 can be found on this page https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_2._no_spamming .
as the quote block above is our simplified version for ease of reading .
this may have resulted in infraction points being added to your account .
to see how many infraction points you have message the moderators message/compose ? to 2fr 2fteenagers .
to learn more about infraction points click here r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_point_system.3a .
please familiarise yourself with our rules r/teenagers/wiki/rules before commenting or submitting .
if you feel this was done in error or would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fteenagers or type r/teenagers in the addressee box when composing a message to modmail us !
please do not reply back to this removal message directly or pm or invite moderators to chat .
just repeating what was said on the post not my own words
man my doctor just said it 's crohn's and left me there to waddle my high self out the room .
i have n't ever seen this issue come up and i help do some testing on the kinetic trainers .
a spot of glue is likely to get it sorted .
if you have more questions specific to the kinetic trainers you may find the following community page to be helpful https www.facebook.com/groups/kinetic.riders https www.facebook.com/groups/kinetic.riders
they do n't know how to make a good game .
they 've thrown the balance with the end update completely and have done nothing to rectify it let alone mention the state of the game or at the very fucking least a rule set .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
i contacted ffg general support sat 14th who told me on thur 19th to email the keyforge bug team .
ramp and card draw have always been white 's biggest weaknesses .
how about catch up '' mechanics like this that feel distinctively white '' ?
these effects can be on a sorcery or tacked on as an etb effect on a creature
each player with fewer lands than the player with the most number of lands may search their deck for any number of basic lands equal to the difference and put them into play . ''
card draw would function similarly with white 's flavor of maintaining balance/equality ''
each player with fewer cards than the player with the most number of cards in hand may draw a number of cards equal to the difference . ''
funny enough the kids usually tell me who 's dating whom who has a crush on whom .
then i make sure i seat them close by or partner them up .
you do n't get a text back saying you 're blocked .
i think the post states when she was 20 because she is 30 and that would put her at the 10 year required mark for this sub .
so many people feeling the exact same as me .
why do i continue to smoke when i could go back to enjoying day to day life again like you it makes no sense .
what 's funny is i have taken breaks in the past and felt amazing yet fall back into doing this .
okay but what would the average rank be if for instance two rank 1 survivors join two rank 19 ?
what would average rank be and what would killer rank be average of
i feel like all these unknown journalism outlets are just full of shit
like an educated guess of a plausible scenario based on bread crumbs of information
rabiot probably ai n't super happy now but he has n't played since january and on his own admission knows he is way out of form
rabiot needs to start in matches where he will do well because he thrives on confidence .
he should be subbed in big cl games and start against small teams .
wishing i had more money in my shop and bynd puts .
yup just really makes me wonder what these players did before menagerie was released ?
is there another activity in the game where you can get a guaranteed specific legendary each run ?
so write that first instead of idiotic little comments that you must know are unnecessarily provocative .
you can lvl up skill slots so that 's prolly the difference you are seeing .
i believe after you enchant a skill slot to 20 it does something different but not sure on that .
you understand that you are n't really zionist right ?
i understand what you mean by that somewhat agree with you and respect that position .
or you just think israel is a terror country .
meaning a country that commits acts of terrorism or suffers from them ?
c job skills do n't translate cleanly so much lower for immigrants .
which in this case please go on and ban me straight away because it will prove my point of this subreddit full of anti zionists .
but i do think it is odd to believe that if you do get banned it will be because of my ferocious anti-zionist biases rather than the low quality posting you 've been doing .
when .get calls the callback the form has long been submitted .get initiates the request but does not wait for its completion as that would freeze the tab and maybe the window or even the browser .
you have to prevent the submission immediately in the same function that calls get .
if the ajax request returns true submit the form again this time using javascript e.g .
form.submit which would not generate a submit event and therefore not trigger the event handler .
also in javascript it 's false with lower-case f .
that 's the thing i really want to get back with him but all my friends and family would be so against it because of how upset i 've been .
i do n't even know if meeting him for a coffee is a good idea i 'm sure he 's moved on and whatever he says is going to hurt me .
this is the issue the nest can support no smaller than 22 awg anything smaller such as ethernet cable will not make contact properly .
is n't it incredibly odd for such a religious man to have a wedding without his family ever meeting the bride ?
i 'd rather have a few bugs and no drama .
we have lockers school buses football teams and cheerleaders .
those usually dominate the autocross i do as well .
it 's a beautiful car to be sure btw .
tlop his worst album to me there 's only like 5 songs i actually listen to regularly
my second pregnancy i was having a scheduled c-section and requested to have my tubes tied right after as well .
my dr. initially agreed but she was in practice with her dad and i think he reviewed her cases .
my next appointment she said they could n't do it then after all .
on every postpartum appointment with her i asked about it and after she waited long enough she finally agreed to it .
when i went in for my pre surgery talk it was her dad and he tried really hard to talk me out of it .
thankfully my husband was there helping with the kids and fully supported my decision so the dr. could n't go that route .
she performed the surgery and i 'm doing great !
still really annoyed i had to go through two separate surgeries instead of just getting it done in one go when i was already opened up though .
i think it was 5th or 6th grade for me .
i was pretty darn sure i knew but the downside risk of being wrong when asking was n't worth it .
plus there 's a chance i 'd get less presents afterwards so why bother ?
i 'm not sure any/a vs. attempts shows anything interesting attempts is out of the qbs hand and i do n't see what influence it could have on any/a .
it might be interesting to see any/a vs completion percentage or vs points to show us some possible cause effect .
theodoro was allied to russia so they won practically all their wars
why is it that all of the weird dudes have anime females as their profile pictures ?
sorry only 4 letter main tank available is miro .
when they 're old enough you start to reduce it .
there are people in this subreddit that sell live fish .
i 'm sure there is some legal way to send it .
atk buffs double count '' so a 7 atk debuff would n't change the 24 bonus from the blade tome but it would reduce your total atk by 7 as a debuff would .
6 to all stats would increase damage by 30 with a blade tome but it 'd increase any weapon by 6 regardless .
i really hope the replies to his tweets are n't real people .
punishing law abiding citizens is much easier than actually fighting crime .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please use one of the following tags for your post
remember that automoderator will only detect tags in square brackets not curly braces pointy brackets or round brackets .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/healthcare if you have any questions or concerns .
and this is why my interest in wrestling is just gone .
the best wrestler in the world is now a manager and doesnt even get to wrestle .
you will never get a working permit as a taxi driver so just forget about it .
well sometimes my tutors would monologue about the greatness of modi government like bitch lem me study
less assholes smaller classes more structured hw not busy work hw etc .
they still would 've won if klay did n't get hurt they could manage without kd klay was on fire but you take him out and yeah of course they 're gon na lose
it 's always better to get the bonuses sooner rather than later .
being in debt with guardian points has no real consequences unless you 're ocd as heck and just ca n't stand the negative number
mat266 is a lot of formula memorization and mat 243 is the opposite mostly critical thinking and problem solving .
i struggled with mat266 because i only used the lectures and reading .
i would have benefitted from looking at other resources like khan academy .
mat243 i did really well in but my study habits were n't any different .
most people either get it '' or do n't .
i 've heard people do well in one and not the other or vice versa like i did .
i 've decided on the m3 6y30 because it 's only 4.5 watt tdp .
the x2 1012 g1 m3 version is only 197 refurbished.i sat and calculated the cpu mark score performance to value ratio score devised by the price and the core m3 is technically the best value for money .
worked well but i need to start looking into performance and optimization 😅
i actually got to know a pap who would frequently snap ppl like bieber selena gomez the kardashians hadids etc .
he was n't always called he just knew where they lived and where they hung out and would go to those places .
i honestly like both but if i had to choose i think sanos fits better
lol sorry but next time they 're pissed off they may as well search better and notice that there 's a balcony outside
climate science prescribes things that wont do anything based on their own premises but will make our lives shittier and will condescend to us if we dont
i know that the screen will be covered with microscratches and it might break easier but i 'm going to take that risk and enjoy the screen till it lasts '' 🤷
the problem with a straightforward implementation is it leads to an underfunded public system that is predominantly economically disadvantaged students and students that would not be accepted by a private school .
parents who can afford the better private school will parents who ca n't wo n't .
parents with children that have a learning disability would be rejected by the private schools and rely on the public school which are increasingly ill-equipped to handle them .
were you genuinely yelled at or were you passive aggressively told that you need to be more careful ?
yelling is not ok and you should leave a job that you get yelled at .
being told that you need to be more careful is pretty much the role of a supervisor the higher ups communicate their displeasure to you you communicate to those below you to ensure it does n't happen again .
this submission has been removed because twitter links are only allowed in text posts with more than 250 characters .
please use the text post body to provide your own thoughts to start a discussion .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueoflegends if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm good thanks i just hate these attention seeking fags who post this shit just so they can hear oh i 'm so jealous '' or good for you ! '' .
i 'll be dropping mad apples on your head from the shoulders of giants
yes but before his price range was increased when he was extinct
it 's super farmable w only 4 expert songs played not too many n cards have been collected/max bonded .
there are also tickets for limited titled in the present box !
the fsa will lose all support if they dont agree to the implementation of the constitution .
external support yeah but the rebels would lose all support from their territories if they agree to it .
many people in idlib and even the turkish-occupied areas reject the idea of political settlement and continue to advocate for either a total military victory or death .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
apart from being completely wrong it 's such an insult to people with conditions that actually are n't their own fault .
losing weight is something where willpower is a factor same as giving up smoking only easier .
the abdication of responsibility and normalisation of obesity that things like this encourage is completely wrong .
nah he had 5 lvl60 alliance around killing every lowbies on sight .
where do you live that they take your house for unpaid property taxes ?
here in california the county just puts a lien on the title so they can collect their money when the house sells .
i just got through an injury and today i can finally start pointe again .
though i never really had to pause ballet itself i have not been en pointe since january .
of course i am happy but also a little bit scared ...
it 's extortion by a president to an ally i.e .
it 's a felony and a federal offense since it was done ... .wait for it over the phone .
which is a larger crime then a misdemeanor ... ... which is an impeachable offense .
this is some serious shit that these morons are admitting to .
easy for you to say that now that you 're 55
100 guess that 's what i get for not sitting properly playing games
2 x gpo 's for 1 x 20amp breaker ?
most houses here have much more than 2 gpo 's on 16amp breakers .
the reg 's state that we dont expect all outlets to be simultaneously used at the same time .
unless you are talking about an oven circuit ... or another high current appliance like a bore pump or drill press etc .
as long as it 's the monster 's hitbox that hit the bomb you wo n't .
the self-contradictory logic you put on display there makes for a pretty silly argument .
this girl is autistic and genuinely thinks the fucking world is going to end .
you think she 's just going to let the fucking world end ? !
go look into her eyes and tell me she 's not capable of calling for violence .
you do know she has a history of self harm right ?
now maybe you can explain why the left chose an autistic 16 year old girl as the leader of the doomsday cult .
right because the only person who calls out the left for it 's sleaze is alex jones .
so what you think this is a grassroots thing that the entire fucking leftist media establishment decided to seize on at the same time ?
yeah they just do n't understand that their teammates are crusaders and archons which is below average or amateur level they still need more time to perform like a pro
yes i got it installed however installed it to a different location and now new vegas wo n't launch
no but this pic got my cock scarily hard 😱
your post has been removed as it looks like you are posting about the known issue with daily challenge streaks resetting this is a commonly reported issue and you can read more about this here .
https www.reddit.com/r/reddeadonline/comments/d79b2r/megathread_known_bugs_issues_fixes the mods will review this action was correct shortly and approve your post if this was a mistake .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/reddeadonline if you have any questions or concerns .
you dont need to glitch money to fight mk2 with mk2
yeah nta just not comfortable with being confrontational ... what i think you 're quietly hoping for is that she 'll confront you about the poop slippers and instead of being the aggressor you can be defensive .
this smacks of trying to avoid being ta whilst trying to get your needs met .
mihawk is like one of the friends of shanks he will just be picked up by shanks after him for fucking the marines with his sword .
minature chess with googly eyes as chess pieces and then proceed to discuss battle tactics with the supplies .
there may be others but i know mankind for sure .
one of the best living guitarists guy is a shedding monster a hell of a blues player and a worthy fill-in for jerry garcia on the dead co. stuff .
cheiks making the news cycle about fiji and not his team 's glaring issues he 's an asshole but is taking the pressure off his players .
they have great ice cream and you ca n't miss it because they always have something funny wrote on the board !
get a vape like davinci miqro and start with smaller doses of flower and with your way up .
i think ... you should be looking at the other side of your screen at the minimap ...
you might as well put your coffee cup or water bottle at the left side of the screen ... because there 's nothing there that concerns you !
you queued up to play a game ... not to chat with people !
why do you need to look at the chat ?
it does n't matter what these people are saying ... it does n't matter who they are talking to ...
every second you type in chat is a second you are not playing the game !
id like to specifically discuss the dunkin donuts vs starbucks debate .
as a cold brew guy i prefer starbucks but i can totally see where the dd people are coming from when they say starbucks sucks .
now hit me with a load of dougie batter !
mjolnir gives me powers of thor so probably take that but stormbreaker looks cooler
what about all other animals insects bacteria and the biome where all these live ?
humans sport this centrist vision its 'safe ' for us .
its so selfish with the planet with other animals why !
but to join your boat the supply chain effects should be explored to address only the direct effects specially isolating just one or another aspect of the radiation radius effects is a very naive approach to mmwaves given that the concentration of 5g antennas creates an array of waves that has no historic data to support wide safety claims for the environment .
i 've read on several sme 's arguing a human would only feel heat while covering a mmwave antena with a hand but whats the effect of this 'heat ' for fungi life that may support the environment surrounding these ?
they never answer this question when i ask them .
which party is our tommeh a part of now ?
i 've been doing mlm on mobile it 's pretty nice once you get upstairs
delay tactics when they know what they 're doing is unlawful
a bad day at the range is better than a good day at work .
he was good at being andy from his observations he just did n't get that the feud between andy and jerry was fictional .
that 's the big difference in those two impressions i guess .
cool that probably explains why it feels like my vision improves after working out .
ca n't watch tv when the sun is n't shining ... s
one of my exes had a broken refrigerator at home it made a lound buzz every 10 or so seconds in almost a regular interval so we had to stuff it to a wall and it almost muted the sound to the point that it was almost inaudible from inside the apartment .
the thing is we didn´t knew but it echoed like hell from inside her neighbour apartment and for almost a full year the old lady was trying to figure it out if that buzz was a ghost some sort of sign from god or her dead husband aliens or a communist code .
she called her relatives to her place landlord friends and even hosted regular meetings for people to try to decifer what that sound was ... when in reality it was just us that forgot that the refrigerator was broken
corbyn has sucked bad as a leader to the extent where polling shows it 's a close race on whether it 's better with a no-deal brexit over him as a pm .
since this comment does n't link to any sources https www.reddit.com/r/neutralpolitics/wiki/index wiki_sources a mod will come along shortly to see if it should be removed under rules 2 or 3 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/neutralpolitics if you have any questions or concerns .
before your standalone posts can become visible to other users your account needs to reach a combined 3 comment and/or post karma .
when you have reached the requisite karma please resubmit your post .
if you are submitting a simple question or a request for critique please direct your attention to the stickied threads on the front page .
new users can post in those threads regardless of karma totals .
karma is an account-based score acquired by interacting with other users on reddit similar to 'likes ' on facebook .
you can reach 3 karma by commenting on other threads in r/writing or in any other subreddit of your choosing .
we appreciate your understanding and we look forward to your future contributions to the community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/writing if you have any questions or concerns .
people go with the status quo of the popular opinion and believe this as the absolute truth .
odds are as a single person you wo n't need it that much .
kwg was a rental alliance as in anyone could just pay to be there .
before we got involved they absolutely catered and turned a blind eye towards botters .
after we took over from the previous ownership we gutted the program and removed any bots that we found mirroring the policy of our other rental alliance that did n't even make the list of botting alliances despite being about as old as fraternity 's who was 1 .
we simply reused the shell because it was a trusted name in the renting community .
if you have any actual evidence someone is botting please forward it to ccp then me so i can kick them while ccp is investigating .
same tag the devs hopefully they at least see it
i 've compared the two and rip has more muzzle velocity 410m/s compared to slugs 370m/s .
so i figured it would be the better choice for long range .
went to home depot late last night and grabbed a sillcock key. got the water turned off installed the bidet attempted to use the key to turn water back on and it completely stripped the nut !
guess it 's back to home depot to buy a whole new shutoff valve .
it 's weird because it 's only for full screen games .
i could go on youtube and download and watch a 4k 30 min video and have no issues .
oddly and makes zero sense i set everything to very low on pubg last night and it started to work when i capped the fps to 60 .
so then i bumped the fps to 140 still no issues .
yeah but do you think she 'd end up in the bottom ?
actually i 'm guessing she would do some sort of contortionist routine maybe similar to katya which is a safe/high performance then she 'd win girl groups then would be in the bottom for snatch game improv or any type of stand-up challenge .
the upgrade from 10 to 15 is the difference between 500 and 550 resistance .
it 's essentially just there so that you do n't have a negative resistance delta and thus a small resistance penalty against h behemoths who are 550 power .
if you want to grind out behemoth mastery just do behemoth mastery card objectives .
it levels up fast enough up until you start hitting the 30 's and 40 's .
ah yes because boris is just such a formidable opponent
it would need a lot of testing sweeking tje damage and cost
dried yeast will just hydrate in whatever it is you 're fermenting .
rehydration before pitching is somewhere between mildly positive through to mildly negative depending on who you talk to and the phase of the moon .
if the liquid you 're fermenting is a suitable home for the yeast it will do its thing .
as the other commenter mentioned your lack of headspace will be more of a concern .
100 right on suso inter had godin skrinar and de vrij plus wing backs .
suso our only creative threat and predictable one at that was always gon na struggle like that .
inter are far head of us undefeated anyone who thought we had a chance were hopefully dreaming given our recent performances under giampaolo .
well yess i 'd be able to make mortgage payments and still contribute to my 401k no problem .
right now i am making my rent payments and contributing to 401k with no probem .
the wrench here is being able to pay my rent contributing to my 401k and still having having money left over to save for a house .
now there 's three directions my money is going in as opposed to two .
so with that said i can pay rent and 401k with no problem i could pay mortgage if i had a home and 401k no problem but i struggle to pay rent 401k and try to save for a house all at once .
so with that said what i was asking was in the meantime could i slightly lower the percentage of my 401k contributions note not stop just lower it in order to have a couple of hundred extra a dollars each month to put towards a downpayment on a house ?
also my employer does not match the 401k probably because we also have a pension that we contribute to as well .
whale person who throws down large amounts of money on mtxs either out of some form of gambling addiction like with ea games or out of misguided need/want for what is being sold .
in short a person with too much time and money and is supporting bad practices .
you 're happy with the set up i would n't let how others conduct their friendships make you feel like you 're doing something wrong .
just slip in in casually one day ... man the sun sure is extra loud today
one major thing i noticed was them changing it so that items and weapons have different pick-up buttons .
modern 9mm expands to the size of a 45 ! ! !
yeah ok so what 's a 45 expand to ?
if you want your interior walls a rich chocolate brown then one .
that looks really nice i like the large plants !
why do n't you just draw it in paint and use the eraser tool ?
her pronunciation is in the spain spanish accent whereas i 'm used to the latin american spanish accent
alternatively this is when you 're an aromantic lion and your lesbian friend has just been dumped and asked you to accompany her to a gay bar and she 's drunk at least seven drinks and is rambling and wailing about dating and you 're here like i 'm really glad i have n't got anything to do this whole mess '' .
sure here is an up-to-date buyer 's guide http www.amstereo.org/turntableguide.htm
v40 apparently has worse battery life and has a 3rd rear cam but i think that 's it same amount of ram and same cpu i really did n't find that to be worth the extra 200 bucks it cost months ago over the v35 especially considering some of the good condition v40 's were sprint ones which could n't be guaranteed updates running an att sim lol
if you 're fairly novice to the stock market and stock trading then a random walk down wall street '' would be a good read .
other than that just browse yahoo finance and read the latest articles on the financial world .
your university might have access to something like a bloomberg terminal where you can get analyst reports on certain stocks from big names like jp morgan etc .
i actually have n't chose or bought a computer so how do i check if the one i choose has a graphic card/vga port and what do i plug in the pc to the tower with ?
he used to rave about the lebatard radio show way back in 2009'ish .
did n't really catch with me because it was too local and too sportsy '' .
then when they got lebron and the show seemed more polished and more apt to mock sports radio then emulate it i came back and loved the show .
i bought a sniper loved it sold after a few months cause it was too unpractical cumbersome annoying and expensive to run .
if my pistol broke i could n't play could n't borrow pistol too .
was really fun at the times it was fun but those times were scarse .
most of the time it was a 1,2m 5kg chunk of metal i was carrying around .
i do n't regret i had my time with it but i moved off it soon after
at least i dual boot so grub is close enough .
pita when i need to use win 10 recovery to do it thou it 's buried pretty deep in the settings .
oh fyi thou you can boot linux from win 10 recovery to .
hey i have this quest i know what i 'm doing tonight
you made an area 51 meme 3 days after how dare you ? ! ? !
i 've been trying but no one wants to part ways with their rbs so far ... ..who would you feel is a fair swap for one of those guys ?
did some random asshole stick empty condom wrappers in her car too .
i often wish for a sink in my shop .
my property has well water and the well is in my shop but i do n't have a sink .
the previous owner said he did n't put in a sink because the septic tank is so far from the shop that it would need it 's own and he did n't want to pay for that .
there is plenty of room for a sink and toilet .
i 'll probably never do it but it would be convenient .
the bushes i pee on would probably appreciate it too .
but what if op is in a polyamorous relationship ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with higher '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
note do not message us asking how much karma you need or how old your account must be .
the threshold for post and comment karma is very low and will not take you long .
persistent ignoring of this message will result in you being muted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i agree the erg and dup are as as bad as the libdems and labour .
this will be decided by the next general election .
no one will be able to say that the way people vote is not informed.if people vote to leave lets see what parliament will do .
i just put the sticker on literally right before this picture so probably not me
that 's what i use since i can easily annotate it with my pen
generally shocked that the guests who act like this can even afford disney
that you for the insight in a trump supporter 's thinking !
i do agree with you when you say these guys are war criminals i do agree when you say they are traitors to the ordinary people .
they all served more or less the status quo the oligarchy .
now i do better understand some motives for voting for trump .
i guess it was the hope that there 's finally a guy who is willful to break the structures of a rotten system drain the sump '' .
but how tf can you still think trump will be that person ? ? ?
how tf could you think that bevore the 2016 election ? ?
it was well known he is a corrupt pos .
it was well known he has a horrible attitude towards people .
now in office by every objective measurement this man is unfit to accomplish his job .
serious questions how was it possible that this person gave you hope to make things better ?
how is it possible that you still support this error of nature ?
i just do n't get it and i do n't want to believe that every trump supporter is a bad person .
i thought this game had died years and years ago .
sorry to bother you but can you explain to me why she 's called a puppet ?
i did n't keep up with the news and all i know is that this girl is leading some climate change campaign and yelled at trump .
i heard some people say she 's autistic and i want to hear about her parents too .
remember to rate your own post and do not delete it within 30 days or you may be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/truefmk if you have any questions or concerns .
has our lord harambe died for our sins again ?
the main difference between ps4 and xbox controller is the position of the analog stick right ?
the analog stick is very good at putting out those half circle/quarter circle motions using chun li as an example i can easily do a lighting kick with the analog stick but its hard when using the direction keys .
however spinning bird kick and energy blast is easier when using direction keys since it 's either ← → or ↑ ↓ .
i do n't know if that makes any sense i can be completely wrong lol .
oh and by ps4 controller you mean the wireless dual shock one ?
the same night i had to restrain another nurse chose not to restrain their pt or call the md and the pt had a near fall and pulled out 3 ivs .
not to mention that most peeps drink a lot earlier than that over here .
i bet there is an original demonic tutor in there .
workers will actually be able to get in on time without the roads blocked so its swings and roundabouts really .
i 've been using vantrue n2 dash cam for almost 1 year now and it works very well for me .
it got high resolution camera and captures licence plate very easily .
what a misleading title ‘trespasser shot illegally ' would be better .
high noon jhin is the only skin that gets the western vibe right .
somehow i expect that after this talk is over cat will do the sorting out of what he has said directly and what he only implied .
you can be heteroromantic and asexual there 's a difference between sexual and romantic attraction .
however even if you feel like a certain label that does n't mean that you have to use it and even if you do n't feel like the definition of a certain label that does n't mean that you ca n't use it .
everyone experiences things a little bit differently and just because you experience a certain thing and identify a certain way does n't mean that someone else identifying the same way is experiencing the exact same thing and vice versa .
there 's a fine line i feel that 's difficult to walk in terms of item balancing when we have two opposing paths and significant pros and cons for each
minimises that waste of time '' feeling you get while not using a booster ie ugh i 've already done 16 runs farming kuva if h had a booster i 'd only have needed to do 8 '' feels worse than 8 and 4 respectively .
encourages increase price of the booster to balance the increased relative reward
potentially effects player investment by making goals more easily accomplished .
encourages cheaper boosters if the idea is for everyone to have a booster then you can charge less plat and everybody just grabs it when they feel like farming .
encouraging booster use acts as a plat sink which helps stabilise the in-game economy .
helps prevent players farming too quickly then complaining when they 're out of things to do .
forces players who do n't buy plat to spend what little they earn on boosters
for players who can only afford short duration boosters leads to a sense of obligation to grind while the booster is active or risk wasting it .
ultimately it 's a tough call to make which is why i think boosters are a pretty frustrating mechanic to include from the get-go .
i would n't have nearly the problem with them if you could buy very short duration boosters 1-12hours with normal currency like credits or a craftable blueprint even if the cost was high with ratios such that if you spent the entire boosted time window farming the materials to make a new booster you 'd turn slightly more profit than if you did so without the booster .
i like the sound of that challenge it wo n't be easy but i 'm sure you would be able to handle it 😏😘
there is no mention of them fighting rox who had wb shiki bm and kaido helping him .
only thing i can come up with is the iddaa '' signage behind her with the hand making the letter i in sign language .
like it 's supposed to resemble the ok '' hand sign people try to get you to look at .
that ca n't be it though because i did n't shit brix '' .
yeah when i say not to start with magneto i mean not to have him as the first villain .
shows more emotion than the lions in the live action lion king remake
schiff is saying that hpsci was told trump pressured zelensky to fabricate the story trump 's team wanted to tell .
if the complaint supports that then biden would only have to deal with ukraine if they opt to reopen the investigation .
a ridiculously hot 33yo greek toyboy with an insatiable tongue .
i was really surprised on how much response i got to that post i did n't think that there would be any people who would be interested in a polish audio when i posted it .
i try to post every 2 days but mostly i 'm just finishing script ideas that i 've had saved for a long time so it 's not as much work as it may seem
i try to avoid game modes with single objectives i.e .
breakthrough or frontlines or central flags in conquest for this reason .
but i agree that squad conquest makes the game feel really empty ... but that is also due to the lack of general atmosphere on the maps .
bf1 had stuff exploding and stuff happening out of bounds even if no one was around .
maybe i could have made things work with my first wife or the second if i 'd been more honest with myself about who i was and got out from under the depression and dysphoria but i 've had some amazing experiences since and giving those up is n't something i 'd even consider now that i 've had them
i feel like it 's like that window shattering moment from himym and now i ca n't not notice it
i 've had sims totally refuse to do what i tell them when theres something else they want to do instead .
some i think have a little more natural autonomy than others ... it 's so weird lol .
body positivity means we empathise with people who due to differing reasons medical conditions and genetics etc .
are unable to have a typical slender/fit body image .
in my limited experience the film industry does have a knack of filtering out dick heads .
i try every day to find a good reason to reinstall bfv after deleted it back at july due to cheating problem then i stumble upon images like that one here and the other one with the score of support guy with 128-0 ... well ok i can wait until bad company 3 comes i guess .
but the 'the law ' and 'the rule of law ' are different concepts .
try not to deflect the terms of the argument mate .
i 'm glad this big man had someone who loved him so much in his time here on earth .
he has done more than enough to merit removal from office .
tuon nelivedon ja huippumallin otin esimerkiksi kuinka suuri vaikutus on auton painolla ja ilmanvastuksella verrattuna mihinkään muuhun muuttujaan .
se on niin suuri että edes tehokkaampi moottori ja neliveto ei nosta perusversio lukemia yli .
i think you 're talking about the wordpress template hierarchy .
i 'm not sure what your question is though ?
which fantasy novels/authors have had the biggest impact on you as an author ?
teenager engages actively in protest and discussions about climate change .
and people make memes about her because its cool '' and fun '' .. welcome to humanity..we all deserve to fucking die tbh .
hello you sound very fun to talk too haha would like it if we could talk and get to know each other more .
please remember that all comments must be helpful relevant and respectful .
all replies must be a genuine effort to answer the question helpfully joke answers are not allowed .
if you see any comments that violate this rule please hit report .
when your question is answered we encourage you to flair your post .
to do this automatically simply make a comment that says ! answered op only
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/answers if you have any questions or concerns .
i have heard this adage many times and have played many games .
i definitely do n't associate it with a game .
i started working on realism about 3 years ago .
there 's an actual war in the ukraine and they got it worse ?
read up about the mexican drug cartel war and the south african townships it 's pretty gruesome .
ex seems to be in an emotional turmoil over the whole pregnancy affair .
it 's a pretty common situation and probably feels horrifying and dreadful .
i 'm not saying op should bother with him but she should update him on it probably go no-contact too leaving someone to suffer like that would just be cruel .
now many would argue that he deserves it etc but hurting another because they got hurt is the way of thought a 5th grader would entertain .
using beth in arena rush constantly nets me ranks 50~150 .
he took a picture of benjamin when he was young and he related it to this cartoon which was quite similar for the image . ''
this is why this type of people are delusional .
i 'm just glad my knowledge is good for something lol
reminds me of that one post that said you 're not a slytherin you 're 40
i know a bunch of people who have been towed from walmart recently .
if you were n't pushy about it that 's a very reasonable suggestion .
it 's far better for a child to have its mother home with them than a stranger as it is and you would n't have to pay for a sitter .
but he 's far from being some sort of queer-bashing immigrant hater .
some of them are even congressmen like iowa representative steve king who used money from a holocaust memorial to go on a vacation where he hung out with austrian neo-nazis .
from what i understand they disagree about what constitutes one .
yeah 'cause it 's not a concentration camp until it 's auschwitz .
even if it fits the literal definition of a concentration camp .
yeah police do n't have a ton of leeway granted to them by the state and the mainstream media .
yeah they totally do n't get away with violating people 's rights and even outright killing people .
or that though people will argue about what constitutes abuse .
i for one oppose penises in vagina-only spaces and think this gender identity stuff is nonsense that gender is irrelevant unless you 're seeking a mate but that apparently makes me a transphobe .
you 're right it does make you a transphobe .
my views on it are nuanced and come without fear or hate and give ammunition to actual haters .
yeah all those terfs sending people messages telling them to kill themselves online are carrying the fear and hate for you so you do n't need to get your hands dirty .
i respect him and i respect what he 's done but despite all his years doing that there is now a resurgence and mainstreaming of the far-right .
no the best response in that case is to call them on their bullshit from their own frame of reference .
all the power of a nasty comment is in you taking it more seriously than them .
you never get tired of saying this but i 'm always tired of hearing it .
yeah that 's what opens them the initial acceptance of their view .
oh so i need to accept their genocidal views and they might have a change of heart ?
get ready folks i 'm about to become a care bear .
and once those neo-nazi thugs see i care the ice on their hearts will melt .
but pretty sure that comments on a site made for shitposting did n't kick anyone 's door in .
yes because this is all just about comments on the internet and nothing more .
it 's all ironic and has no connection to real world events at all .
i swear if riboku wins this war i will call it bullshit
if fiend does n't close he does n't win that much i know for sure .
chinese people are kind but they scare their ruler .
she just got sentenced to do a nickel for stealing from the nursing home she worked at .
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=notifier-bot subject=d8x9s3 message=click 20 27send 27 20to 20be 20notified 20if 20op 20marks 20 27 5btomt 5d 5bsong 5d 20includes 20 22something 20in 20the 20air 22 20female 20singer 2c 20slower 20rock/melodic 27 20as 20solved. 20you 20should 20receive 20a 20confirmation 20pm 20soon. 0a 0a 0a 0aofficial 20reddit 20app 20users 20might 20need 20to 20type 20something 20in 20the 20message 20body 20before 20the 20send 20button 20is 20enabled. 0a 0athis 20bot 20is 20still 20in 20beta 2c 20sorry 20if 20you 20come 20across 20any 20bugs. 20pm 20u/adityapstar 20if 20you 20have 20any 20questions/comments/complaints .
if you 'd like to be notified when this post is solved .
since the mattress is in real life i 'd say that the resolution is whatever your eye can see .
we say coke '' even if you want 7up orange or something else ... frickin weird here ... texas
it was my go to when i lived near their webster street roastery in oakland .
really well balanced in the age of sour light roasted single origins !
used to get great crema from that blend too .
ive seen sets available second hand and thinking of getting it
i 'm a canadian living in america with decent healthcare .
i pay 400/month for a family of 4 out of pocket and my employer covers 1100 .
it 's then a 300 deductible then coinsurance up until i 3k out of pocket maximum per individual up to 6k for a family .
so in a good year with no problems i pay about 4800 a bad year we max out at 10.8k .
that being said my wife is trying to get a new doctor just for a checkup earliest appointment available ?
other than the absolute suck by the offense this is why i dont want to play the rays in the playoffs .
i did n't realize my grandma watched anime online .
hell even better would be to just torrent like a true weeb .
we would first have to fix the time off culture .
how many jobs even allow for accrued time off ?
the ripple effect several rows over of not keeping a straight line..😒
you do n't fight the pokemon you just catch them in a mini-game based on the pokemon go mobile game .
my first thought was that this should get rid of biden pretty quick since his corrupt ass will be front and center .
i wonder if it 's a hail mary to get rid of trump since warren ca n't beat him ?
but mainly what i 'm thinking is that there will be a lot of moving parts and it 's very hard to guess just how this will play out .
of course it gives msm something to shriek about but it 's not like they 've been doing their jobs anyway .
lab grown meat carbon sequestering nuclear fusion etc are all used by dumbasses as ways to avoid the fact that some types of consumption will have to lower .
maybe one day they 'll come to fruition but who gives a shit .
we were n't talking about lab grown beef anyways if it 's a good as they say then you can just eat that rather than massive methane spewing animals who spend their lives in concentration camps .
everything on the holy land is numbered starting from one so when you see a number like 177013 it is the 177013th doujin uploaded on the site
i started with blacklist and as somebody who had never played stealth games before i immediately chose perfectionist difficulty with a hardcore focus on passing levels without killing or knocking out a single soul .
it was difficult and tedious and repetitive and a real pain in the ass .
i thought blacklist was piss easy since most of the time you can bypass most of the enemies by taking the obvious alternate '' routes
i really like the animations the maps the parkour elements sliding under lasers
the takedown animations were nice barring the stupid gun kata shit and the goofy looking ledge takedown animation that looks way worse than in chaos theory but i absolutely hated the dumbed down automated parkour system .
i 'd rather have a free jump button to figure out what i can climb myself instead of being limited to climbing what the prompt tells me i can climb .
i also hate how fast slippery and imprecise the movement is .
i find chaos theory 's slower methodical pace far superior to the watered down action garbage in blacklist .
tiptoeing around guards feels vastly more tense and satisfying in chaos theory than in blacklist where movement feels like sam 's on ice .
as for the maps they were n't as open-ended as i was hoping for .
while the series has always been somewhat linear i was hoping for something more like the recent hitman games and for some meaningful opportunity objectives that actually play a role in the narrative or mission environment .
that to me would have been a step forward .
not to mention the fact that there are way too many setpieces .
chaos theory wisely minimized setpieces but blacklist brings them back with a vengeance .
and with all the talk of player choice '' in blacklist it 's awfully restrictive in a lot of ways .
as an example in nouri 's mansion why could n't disabling the power to lure him into his panic room have been optional ?
and why did i have to use the drone ?
could n't i have manually disabled the power if i want ?
why could n't i approach the estate from multiple directions ?
that would have been what i would have expected for a modern splinter cell game .
these are just a few reasons i do n't care for blacklist .
idk if it 's good but i like amiibo so ...
we have 2 cats and 2 dogs in our house .
every so often it hits me that we coexist in this house with two other species and theyre just part of the family .
we give them food love and affection and in return they dont bite our faces off in our sleep .
a family member had a parent and grandparent who both died at the age of 34 from an aneurysm .
went for an mri around the age of 31 looked ok now past 50 .
i 'm sure your kids are driving you crazy based on your other posts hang in there it gets better !
i 've got 2 girls 16 months apart and they 're a joy ... . when they visit ... on weekends ... . cause my marriage ended .
you look a lot like my ex did in the last days ... .
played the single game monday night tourny on fd .
picked everything right then switched out a player last minute because of an expert opinion .
it was a good pick just not the right one .
i was walking through a very overgrown city stumbled upon a metallic rod on the ground picked it up and a bunch of entities appeared all humanoid and slender but with matching plain white masks and very dark bodies that i could n't make out the details of .
the rod then transformed into a cloak/jacket thing and i put it on .
i could direct the entities with thoughts like i would see a giant concrete block imagine it on a nearby roof and they would lift it and put it there in a few smooth and gentle motions .
they could slowly levitate and they refused to touch living things even plants but apparently had no problem throwing/dropping things on them .
i used them to build myself a palace with many rooms .
i was exploring it it was completely empty and then i suddenly realized that this is a dream .
suddenly found a mirror and saw that i have become just like them complete with a smooth white mask only wearing the cloak .
i remember not even being surprised thought something like of course that happened should have expected it '' .
turned around and there was a massive stone door .
they opened it i walked through it and woke up .
i 've heard someone basically call all americans white .
knocking yourself in the head like that is an effective albeit temporary solution to back pain .
damn ... you 'll are shaming the shit out of this poor thing .
at least put one of those black lines across her eyes ...
we were long distance and i came out to him last even after i came out to my family .
he wanted me pre-transition so i said i 'd try and hold off on t and top surgery .
he and i split but we talk on occasion .
my current partner has never been with a transguy so is a bit curious and asks questions which are fine .
current partner has also made it clear that he will not give any input on my transition unless i sit and speak with him about how far that can go but even then neither of us are sure he 'd be comfortable giving his opinion .
he wants me to be happy and has been with me through my very recent top surgery with no issues so far .
i 'd never put transition on hold for anyone .
did you not see ft lostinthewoods with their 4,000 ppt ?
i mean shit my post only has stuff that caused kidney problems testicular cancer liver cancer and a few other cancers .
it only has a half-life of 6 years inside the human body so it 's okay lol .
i 've been trained that i 'm not immune to bullets and can die at any moment in combat but what about the cancer ?
thats only 40 aversion when you get get 100-1000s of affection just by going to war agaisnt an enemy its pretty easy .
hell one of the main ways to get tons of it is with hero 's that we all know the ai love to mass .
privatized for-profit prisons that are basically community colleges for entry-level criminals seems broken to you ?
sounds like it 's working just about how they 'd like it to .
the lakers could n't get pg after throwing away 500k and the bucks expect to keep giannis for 10 of that ?
he 's already gone after seeing the bucks not go all out for a million dollar fine .
kawhi did n't go to the clippers because they offered him a trademark .
lebron did n't go to the lakers because of them throwing money away .
kd and kyrie did n't go to the nets because of anything against the nba rules they did .
i 'm pretty sure giannis is quite aware how much the bucks and every other team want him without wasting money .
i 'm sure he would rather that money go to the luxury tax .
i have a tr-8 and also am willing to trade plus cash lmk what you were thinking !
a ps4 costs 300 because a it 's at the end of a cycle and b because it 's a loss leader .
sony does n't look to make money off console sales ... they make money by locking you into playstation plus and other side avenues .
a pc right now can easily play most 10 year old games .
with consoles you 're more or less limited to the catalog of devs that decide to port to it .
it is and you should visit the twitter page for a good laugh .
so what you 're saying is that if you wanted a teacher fired you would throw the test ?
i just had the fear that the whistleblower is a false flag operation to bait the democrats
if you 're in an area where that 's a problem it 's pretty easy to avoid an intel modem even with an iphone .
the iphone x has a qualcomm model and next year they 'll be switching back to qualcomm .
so you 're really only missing out on the xs .
get the qualcomm x and then get next year 's qualcomm 5g iphone .
same subject but replying because you seem to know your stuff .
i was trying to find a comercial silencer i looked at the google search you linked but was not 100 what i was looking for .
https www.priceindustries.com/noisecontrol/products/erm-absorptive-elbow https www.priceindustries.com/noisecontrol/products/erm-absorptive-elbow they do n't seem to sell it directly that i could find .
i 've had 3 ac companies look at my system and they all just said it is what it is but the noise is making me crazy .
the air handler is just on a stand in a small closet with a grate in the door .
i 'm willing to pay or do whatever myself if needed but really wan to quiet this down .
any advice would be really appreciated and happy to post pictures if it helps .
initially i thought we were supposed to take off the cap looking thing on the nozzle but it 's not even a cap lol .
it turns out i just needed to twist the nozzle thingy upwards squeeze the bottle and then ta-da !
all i needed to do to close it was to twist it back down .
i became boo boo the fool when figuring out how to use it haha .
so any place serving food with outdoor seating yall like by default ?
we 're sorry for the hassle but your post has been removed .
we try to maintain a level of quality in submissions in r/fantasyfootball we ask that users make a sincere effort to prompt a discussion and very short posts like this one do not do that .
if you have a question about your roster please use the appropriate thread found within the index .
https www.reddit.com/r/fantasyfootball/search ? q=author 3affbot+index+flair 3aindex sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day other simple questions or league specific questions belong in the most recent simple questions and league issues thread .
https www.reddit.com/r/fantasyfootball/search ? q=author 3affbot+league+issues restrict_sr=on sort=new t=day if you are trying to start a player discussion post please read through these guidelines .
https www.reddit.com/r/fantasyfootball/comments/52xkzc/player_discussion_discussion attempting to evade the filter by adding meaningless text will result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fantasyfootball if you have any questions or concerns .
if you were lucky it was two and if you were unlucky it was none .
no kishin liger has a different more violent moveset uses the poison mist and wields weapons more frequently .
you can just clone the head and copy it over to the normal liger edit if that 's what you want .
what 's funny is they 've known the water supply has been bad for quite some time but just now decided to act on it .
by act on it i mean disallowing fountain drinks from the shopettes .
but that begs the question when is tonio gon na get on one of those overly dramatic iron chef animes ?
the first syllable of that word stands for involuntary .
what about his post gave you the impression that it was n't voluntary ?
some researchers were saying it was the closest sound to old style english on earth today .
he 's in charge the boss the head man top dog big cheese a head honcho ...
instead of calling me a good doggo and whistling me down you are climbing up to me ?
this is why we cant have nice things barry you asshole
for some they can use the higher sens on these heroes and it does n't throw off their mechanics or muscle memory but for others using a relatively low sensitivity on said heroes are fine .
kabaji and kragie are partially known for their great tracer play and they 're at 3200 edpi .
sbb famous pro tracer has also had his sens put to that for a while for all heroes now too .
if i 'm wrong on any point i apologize but this is either from me watching their stream or from prosettings.com
getquakedon also shows that his sens is 3200 edpi and he 's known for his doom .
if you can do a 360 from end to end on your mouse pad i highly doubt your sens is drastically too low especially if it 's worked for you before .
instead like i 've said in my original reply i recommend you just practice using your arm more and practicing your 180 's in dm practice range not the best but at least just getting in the flow with them and comp .
the people who sell it have no reason to care about their comfort since they 're gon na die anyway .
do you think the chicken on your plate lived a long life frolicking around a palace garden ?
they cram as many as possible into as much space as they can because it means more money .
it 's how they make a living that 's their job .
i really enjoyed your sound and it actually sounds pretty professional !
yeah i tried to get used to my glossy model o but i just could n't do it the main reason i bought another mouse was because of the coating on the model o. i bought the glossy s2 because of how good the pink looks but i did n't even give the glossy coating a chance .
i took a sponge to it before i even plugged it in for the first time .
which is why in the original script that 's what the matrix used humans for .
eh i 'd say your attempt was more of a haphazardly made use of '' than a relearned '' honestly .
siis ... asiaan vaikuttaa moni muukin asia kuten insuliiniresistanssi suoliston mikrobiomi ja mitä näitä nyt on .
tuo on todella vanhentunutta tietoa että ihmiskeho toimii kalorit sisään kalorit ulos periaatteella .
'' there used to be a mythology that if you just exercised enough you could keep your metabolism up but that clearly was n't the case these folks were exercising an enormous amount and their metabolism was slowing by several hundred calories per day '' said senior author kevin d. hall of the national institutes of health nih in bethesda maryland .
metabolism appears to act like a spring hall said the more effort you exert to lose weight the more it stretches out and the harder it will spring back regaining and holding onto the fat that was lost .
'' your body is working to defend your energy stores really your fat mass '' said dr. michael rosenbaum of columbia university medical center in new york who was not part of the new study .
4 of these contestants have reported—after this study was done—that they now weigh even more than before their participation on the show .
the most significant finding from this study was the change in resting metabolic rate which slowed down dramatically after their weight loss .
before the biggest loser competition the group on average burned 2,607 calories per day versus the reduction to 2,000 calories per day by the end of the show .
even worse 6 years later the average calories burned had slowed down further to 1,903 calories per day .
the significance of this is that the slower your metabolism the more you have to cut back on calories to avoid gaining weight .
these contestants would have to eat several hundreds of calories less each day than the average person of comparable size in order to maintain their weight .
upset he ca n't get to the little kitties ?
i 'm not feeling this game so much with where i 'm at tbh .
my days are about over it seems since the game is n't hackable now .
was going to buy an account but it was ios .
that 's because most american women are out of shape .
let 's be clear here this thread is talking about some women in particular not fat women .
remember when she tried to one-up kristina 's miscarriage be my talking about her own the entire time ?
your post has been removed make sure to use the body of a post to elaborate on the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/brawlstars if you have any questions or concerns .
nah man i 'm pretty sure that used to be seth rollins duck .
check this clip especially the list at the end .
there is a top list of most thralls time to kill https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=c7se8v0s2is https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=c7se8v0s2is
people of all ages races and religions can become a close nit family in a short period of time .
my best friends where i live are all part of my group .
also upgrade your body pillow to a waifu body pillow .
link to news article naming her and containing photos https metro.co.uk/2019/09/24/mum-abandoned-adopted-girl-9-claims-really-22-wanted-kill-family-10797257
yeah i have a hard time watching a stand-up comedians bomb .
it 's funny when it 's a low level comedian performing in front of 30 ppl but when it 's a guy performing in front of thousands ... it 's not fun to watch .
i even find those little breaks they take to collect their thoughts to be awkward .
several users keep long lists of things like that and post them where relevant .
i assume they care about that topic a lot so are keeping track of it .
you 're not just wrong you are a fucking undercooked saggy chicken nugget
a year from launch when the next game is releasing ... .
for me the tank seems to be comepletely useless with the reload nerf .
when it happened to me first i was hanging out with some friends drinking and grilling .
i had intended to spend the night and around 3 in the morning it was just me and the host couple .
i was watching a movie and they retired to their bedroom .
the husband called out to me hey can you bring in a couple of beers '' ?
grabbed a couple of bottles from the fridge and rolled into the bedroom where she was on her hands and knees on the bed .
him facing me with his cock in her mouth .
i was surprised and very quickly realized that this was not about the beer .
thanks for having me remember this i think i am going to e-mail them right now .
josh is a beast but farve had a fucking laser .
he used to keep track of how many if his receivers fingers he broke .
apologies for the unnecessary lock i made some changes to automod before going to bed last night .
we 've had half the team on this and still ca n't work it out i 'm afraid mate .
definitely used this trick once a while in my normal qiyana gameplay .
and i 'd definitely post a bug-report to the pbe and/or pbe-bugs megathread on reddit .
50,000 preorders used to live here ... now it 's a ghost town .
doesnt matter if i stand sit or lay down .
i still ca n't help but blame my family and this stupid cult for all the things i never really accomplished .
i never really tried that hard in school because i thought the world would end before i could go to college if i was even allowed to go .
now i 'm 40 and i do have a college degree but i just feel like i could 've done so much more if i had the right start .
jt is probably gon na be the lock from the phillies
you ca n't just replace them if they die .
it re-released once because of mecha team leader 's silver style idk if that means it is or not .
my costume for last halloween was jotaro kujo from jojo and no one understood but i still dressed up as him .
if you want to and think it 'll be fun do it .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
he recently said he 'd get it fixed eventually but for now he 's wearing it as a reminder or some sort ?
i can only assume that cb is a loofah salesman and needs ops account for marketing purposes .
idk how it all works but if cod could separate from them that would be great .
2:35 am central and you bet your asses i 'm watching to the end .
with bojo it 's a character he makes him self look like that so people do n't see just how venomous and slimy he really is .
our media used to portray him as the simple fool who was harmless and he played to it .
it 's only the past couple of years that the facade has dropped .
he uses the fool persona whenever a scandal is about to hit him now .
there was a scandal last year that had the media camped outside his house and he comes out in a ridiculous sweater with cups of tea and acting like a bumbling idiot .
i actually had people say to me that he could n't have done anything bad as he 's so sweet .
when the joke is bad and may need explaining i do n't think it 's fair to say someone got whooshed for explaining a joke when they do n't know if the other person gets it or not
bad religion bad religion bad religion their entire discography .
furthermore imagine creating taxes for every single random shit you could think off .
for example a tax for rainwater in your territory and where it flows.. fucking bullshit
or having a minimum wage of 400 while some pieces of shit in the parliament work for 5hrs/day and get 6k fucking shit how are they expecting people to not emigrate anywhere ?
hey i 'm just reading the comments and the thing that comes to my mind is how entitled to give political and moral lessons are people who had luck on birth lottery .
you were born in place where there are no wars and in some wealth not talking about specific countries more families and you have moral highground to stop people of pursuing a better life for themselves ... that 's crazy .
and about the topic i think that thing to adress are not illegal imigrants but obviously slow and bad imigration laws and procedures .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions you can message the mod team here http contact.dankmemesreddit.com replies to this removal comment may not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
hey now that street is the most wholesome street in the universe
if not wanting this planet to die is commie propaganda then i guess i 'll see you on stalingrad comrades .
so long as it does n't cause any problems shrinking .
if i can shrink objects with me i have quasi-infinite storage .
if you 're playing eggs and middle managers then you 're playing the semi-budget version of zoo-mech 1 which generally looks like this https cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/568997571583016992/569010318353629184/screenshot\_20190129-1554162.png https cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/568997571583016992/569010318353629184/screenshot_20190129-1554162.png
here 's how zoo-mech 2 looks like https cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/568997571583016992/610283971627974686/screenshot\_20190811-182826.png https cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/568997571583016992/610283971627974686/screenshot_20190811-182826.png
read properly i said anyone would get '' that it is fucking stupid to be removed from your own kids based on the fact that you 're male .
we definitely need to band together and actually work torwards a fix but lying about it isnt useful .
the senate majority has already decided they would n't impeach the man before any trial at all .
nixon held a 63 approval rating in january 1973 .
by april with impeachment in full swing it had dropped to 48 and the senate 's tune started changing .
i would be so tempted to put googly eyes on it .
videos hosted on reddit are removed please rehost on imgur gfycat etc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/interestingasfuck if you have any questions or concerns .
well you still have time to do that go to places you like enter classes to learn something and make friends there try to recover your past friendships
for a relationship do kind of the same or even use a dating app also try to investigate if you can adopt a child if you really want kids .
i know it 's hard of you have pass so much years without building relationships but you can do it if you make the effort .
must 've been because i was arguing with so many people .
so i 'd like to say you 're welcome r/neoliberal .
our cannabis appreciation binds so many of us from different ages different walks different religions and different political affiliations .
20 points if you land on top of a truck 50 if you land on the back of trailer
while computer science and software development are currently male-dominated it was once female-dominated up until it became profitable they were pushed out misquote
i can appreciate that the original poster is probably not a skeptic but i ca n't see how this point was even raised .
the article says in the united states by 1960 according to government statistics more than one in four programmers were women . ''
further along the article it says in 1960 when she started working at m.i.t. the proportion of women in computing and mathematical professions which are grouped together in federal government data was 27 percent .
by the 1983-84 academic year 37.1 percent of all students graduating with degrees in computer and information sciences were women .
from 1984 onward the percentage dropped by the time 2010 rolled around it had been cut in half .
only 17.6 percent of the students graduating from computer-science and information-science programs were women .
one can speculate why the computer field was never ever female-dominated and why there are not even equal numbers of men and women in the field .
the article while interesting does offer some explanations but i 'm very skeptical about some of them and that is a totally different rabbit hole .
what idiot told this 10/10 specimen she was unfit for ballet ?
unrelated i 've just started playing overwatch and it 's a really good game .
love his humor but he probably wont ever win .
are you the new agent tasked with finding him ?
if you must compliment compliment the whole package their fitness '' their workout their form .
once you are talking and a little more friendly then you can judge if a specific comment about dat ass would be welcome .
otherwise if you start with nice ass '' you 're just describing yourself .
if you can shut down the super you might be able to get one or two more enemies trying to follow their now-dead teammate instead of wasting the whole thing on the super guy .
if i could do it over again i probably would n't .
i worked in a nursing home before and now work at an adult day program .
i was also fine '' with not having a high salary but it 's not just not high '' it 's low .
like i can barely afford to live alone low and i do n't even have student loans and i work for a pretty good company .
you will only make a livable salary in geriatrics at least if you are a manager .
and i 'm quickly learning that management is hard and i do n't love it .
i ca n't really speak to rt in a hospital setting but i think their pay is higher .
also in some states where rt requires licensure and/or is better recognized job prospects are better nc in nm are coming to mind for me .
i loved my nursing home position and i love working with older adults and people with dementia .
i loved getting to know them and spend time with them that other therapists do n't get to .
however as a recreational therapist in a nursing home you are the least respected employees but are still usually considered essential staff and need to be there even if it snows 10ft .
burnout is real and i started to feel like my intellect was being wasted .
working with other staff can be very frustrating as they do n't understand nor care what you 're doing how you 're doing it why you 're doing a certain way .
even a lot of rt students do n't plan on being rts they use it as their undergrad degree before going to grad school for occupational therapy .
i wo n't tell you not to become an rt i just want to tell you my experience .
if you are set on working with older adults in a nursing home i might recommend considering becoming an occupational therapy assistant cota education is typically as associate 's .
the experience is desirable in recreation or working in a therapy setting and salary is usually higher than a rec therapist .
if you are set on rt i would definitely get a part time job in a nursing homes rec department do n't worry-they love to fill all positions except the director with underpaid high school graduates !
and see what it is like as well as shadow rts in as many settings as you can .
when i read your title i heard a little imaginary waiter-voice in my head say would he like another mumblemumblemumble ? ''
i 'm glad that your story had a better beginning !
during ll wb times all content was clearable full f2p .
i was so excited when i saw one video and his sub count was 999k then i watched another later that day and it was 1m .
out here double yolked up on tuesday ... all that yolk do n't make no sense .
so many great sources and so interesting to read !
people have been talking about how good he is all year .
he was an all-star and has improved since that selection
yea but still i hope they add it back .
i use a dabcap https www.puffitup.com/puffitup-dabcap-v2-p/dc.dbcp-v2_piu.htm and a glass piece i already owned .
works like a charm and is universal to pretty much any water piece you might encounter .
only reason you closed 1m in loans is because your legs are always open .
i share your passion but not optimism for a full house .
on a positive note the 18-20k crowds on wednesdays are usually made up of the more hardcore of fans thus making it the rowdiest of atmospheres
when he got subbed off but they also applauded him .
it was just a stupid minority that booed him .
you look like down i ca n't even imagine how you 'd look when you are up up all the way xd gorgeous 🔥🔥🔥
we like traveling with our 16-month-old because we like traveling generally but we are also the first to admit it 's stressful as hell .
we figure travel with a kid is just parenting in a less convenient location .
there are some drugs which are inherently more expensive to manufacture than others .
many generics in the uk are cheap but some are still costly eg fentanyl 100ug/hr patches .
there are also things which should be generics but only one company has pls for and they have pushed the price up significantly hydrocortisone tabs and liothyronine tabs for example iirc i 've been out of the uk for a couple of years now
it seems like you know you have to leave him and this post is just a way for you to articiulate you thoughts and ask for permission some what .
everyone has said the right thing in this comments just had a quick scan .
one thing to be extra mindful of is to make sure he does n't tamper with your birth control .
being able to consistently score at three levels as well as being a decent playmaker means you ca n't really sell out to stop one kind of shot like you can with say a giannis type who 's clearly at his best taking shots at the rim .
just having a diverse skill set and consistently making good decisions goes a long way .
and he 's really fucking good at contested jumpers .
went full jr smith this year and shot a shitload better on contested threes than open ones .
super nice high form as well as being tall means it 's tough to really get a good contest on his shot .
ratchet strap is the only thing i can think of .
just put some corner supports for the strap to rest on .
also put a relief in the support for the corner of the frame .
or more realistically did n't want a 20 karma post on his account .
either way hopefully he can change his tune and realize that the majority of extremists on every side are caused by political climate and not basic religious beliefs
i do n't have an aldi near me so that 's not really something i can manage .
people say g2 is the 1 team for winning msi but tl is 7th for getting 2nd .
given that the stuff on the screens is gay furry porn maybe this should be tagged nsfw ?
you should try to get kabuto as your master he has a good attack jutsu for healers i 'd also say tsunade but she 's dlc .
i have a theory that through clever wording by sony it may not be as fire as everyone is making it out to be .
it 's in my post history if you want to be optimistic together .
men have higher death rates than women for many reasons .
they are more apt to die in young childhood than women .
also they are more apt to die in their 'stupid years ' from misadventure .
they are also far more likely to die from violence .
sorry your submission https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitemobile/comments/d92ivw/do_l3_and_r3_work_now_on_controllers in r/fortnitemobile was removed because the post was not long enough to encourage a meaningful discussion .
please note this action was performed automatically and adding characters in an attempt to circumvent this filter will result in an automatic ban from r/fortnitemobile .
please do not send us modmail asking to manually approve a post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitemobile if you have any questions or concerns .
you said that but you kept using it as examples in so many spots .
problem 2 we do n't have any clue whether amara was born with her powers or gifted .
as far as i know steele has no connections to amara thus amara was either gifted from a different siren she knew or she was born with it .
bl1 is 10 years before bl3 so it 's entirely possible .
i want to add this just in case we are not sure if when a siren dies and said siren does no gift another siren then a already born and in there teens can be given the abilities at random .
amara is likely the 6th siren unless she was randomly chosen to have steele 's powers when she died even though she 's already grown a bit .
the siren deaths of bl3 mean only a few things we have ava tannis and amara .
lil could 've gifted hers or a siren was born and same with tyreen .
this means by the beginning of bl3 we still have 1 siren unaccounted for and by the end of bl3 we have 3 .
use sumatra pdf reader and banish all adobe products from your machine .
why would anyoned do this this is so sad smash upvote if you are depressed
when your gf doesnt reply to your texts when shes been at your best friends place for 3 hours a communications interruption could only mean one thing ... invasion .
this is the funniest thing to me she 's throwing her tantrum and he 's just driving in circles like ai n't nothin ' to see here folks '' .
one of my favourite games of the year for sure .
have n't played quantum break yet so ca n't compare .
some tough fights so it 's certainly not a walk in the park .
kind of a similar vibe to prey if you 've played that but crazier and better .
i just wanted to pick kr again because i can leave it on auto while i 'm at work .
i just need a solid summary of things i need to work on from here on out .
because the last time i played was during chase 's release and i focused all my efforts on auto-ing the black dragon .
my most invested units are sonia priscilla theo yanne and laias .
if we 'd used monero more often the ark would be halfway done .
when the parking brakes act on the wheel they have hold the rolling force of the vehicle but if the parking brake acts in the pinion or drive shaft is has to hold the rolling resistance of the vehicle but through a gear reduction .
because of the gear reduction there is less torque in the drive shaft than at the wheels so the brake can be smaller but hold a similar weight vehicle .
what exactly is this shitload for his causes '' of which you speak ?
you mean into biden restarting up an investigation into his son ?
the corrupt prosecutor-general shokin was deliberately not conducting the company investigations he was required to .
so biden and a ton of other countries including the eu pressured the ukraine to fire him .
they did and hired a new non-corrupt person who did actually conduct the investigations .
so biden 's actions actually ensured his son would be investigated .
i hated knocking on doors and was massively relieved when people did n't answer .
from my experience most of the people knocking on your door do n't want to be there as much as you do n't want them there .
do you think you stall quicker due to not doing accessories ?
who complains about adding too much butter or sugar to cookies ?
i have an ipad air and i have this exact issue on soo many songs .
listen i dunno if we can just start automatically dismissing countries with terrorist regimes .
we want america to be a respected voice on the world stage .
okay yes this is the mindset i need to have .
v1 to v2 card updates meant to eliminate early late-game-only visitors
two card replacement packs meant to better theme and drive balance back to wine making not card scoring
the expanded map has an action space where you can do something with your bad draws .
sounds like ant needs to step up his finding opportunities game ...
i think many of us wanted clelin because burns was expected to be gone by 16 .
has better multitasking capabilities i never run more than 4 apps
has smaller bezels i personally like the bottom and side bezels of the iphone more but the notch is annyoing
has some more features like wireless power share i do n't really care about most additional features
has better file management and more customization because of android
both are great phones lack a high refresh rate pannel
because the note lost the headphone jack and has worse speakers than the note 9 .
from what i heard both have nearly the same display .
the iphone 11 pro max finally got longer battery life and is one of the longest lasting flagship smartphones .
apple got the basics right this year and i think the note 10 plus has many gimmicks '' i do n't need like portrait video but at the basics i use everyday the iphone is my choice .
i use a xiaomi mi 9 and i 'm happy with it but the cameras could be better in lowlight i use gcam
and battery life aswell as the speakers and screen has ghosting in dark backgrounds should be improved in the next version imo .
my friend has endometriosis and her pain is horrible anywhere across her lower torso and upper back is free game for the pain train .
i really feel for you and i hope you found a better doctor .
i may be wrong here but i 'm pretty sure you cant delete the keys .
you are forced to use them when they take up an inventory slot until you use up the daily spins
edit i 'll save my keys up to 12 and see if i can delete the coupons .
idunno i kinda love it in a one piece rap kinda way
it 's called reality get off reddit and youtube and you might see it .
i basically said the same thing on my youtube channel travtayplays .
i totally agree it would help with pacing and it would act is a true into to three much the roxas intro .
there are even small and big references at the end of three that call back to 0.2 so it comes full circle
we never pointed it out the window at passing vehicles
it does not have to be out of the window it is enough to point it at passing vehicles while keeping it fully inside the car for a crime to be commited .
he stated that in the army he was taught you do n't point a weapon at someone unless your intention is to kill them so having a gun in his face by the police officer really is messing with his head .
glad he understands why the persons he pointed a fake gun to felt threatened enough to call the police it will make it easier for him to understand why he is charged criminally .
he needs to stop talking about this retain a criminal defense attorney and listen to their advice .
so you 're saying he invoked a 20 year old treaty with the ukraine ?
average height for women in the us is shorter than that .
it could be that the manufacturer of the romper 's target customers are shorter portion of the demographic .
it could be that she has a long torso for her height .
either way the romper is cut too short for her .
i 've been around travelers for years and the abuse i saw them give horses would make you sick .
they seriously need to raise prices of the commando and droideka as well as give droideka a buff
do you have any questions for the pharmacist ? ''
i usually deadpan and tell them that would be a question for their insurance agent .
geotechnical engineer we drill in public streets and construction site to sample soil and bedrock for foundation design .
let me get in on some of that if you find any hurhuhur ''
everyone thinks they 're so damn clever but i swear we get these responses once a day when in the public .
please review the full text of rule 5 no posts about medical injury or pain related topics https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/rules wiki_rule_.235 and seek advice from a qualified medical professional instead of the internet .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
when i was younger i really thought katara 's outfit https i.pinimg.com/originals/90/36/ef/9036ef533f01a969c3b979bf60d9f367.jpg from when the gang was in the fire nation was really pretty .
if i ever muster up the guts to go to a convention or something then that 's probably what i 'll wear .
a few others i can think of right now include bayonetta https cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/qkeyai3rpqlsjwuse2rakpg84hg=/1400x0/filters no_upscale cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_asset/file/2881664/bayonetta_2_art.0.jpg from bayonetta 2 and 2b https vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/nier/images/3/38/yorha_no.2_type_b.png/revision/latest ? cb=20170322051325 from nier automata .
they 're rather sexy and likely not something i 'd ever actually wear in public but damn they look good .
i 'm constantly asked if i 've rescued any cats from trees lately .
nope that 's where the 120s have to go at the end of their questline when they choose to side with sylvanas .
scorched and metallic will increase chances for the resists you want but they also add other possible suffix mods and triples the amount of trading you have to do .
her personal feelings on this have nothing to do with her profession she is very capable of removing her personal opinion from her professional opinion .
at first i thought niru was good by trying him out but he 's bad lol
all i can say do n't punch down on them in war u gon na need a meta team to take them out at 120-250k do n't use bh .
dead pool seems to be the best counter i have n't fought them much but brawlers seems to be there war counter with dp
the required is 300k but we can put it down
lots of roglic criticism in the comments here for drafting which i do n't really understand unless there was different footage shown in different countries ?
42:00 footage of dennis passing roglic on an incline .
dennis immediately pulls out a large gap and roglic is nowhere near drafting distance .
42:25 as roglic approaches dennis he moves far to the other side of the road to avoid drafting .
then dennis extends his lead again to a significant margin .
48:00 dennis is riding alone with a motorbike just behind him .
presumably roglic is far enough behind the moto that he is not drafting or the moto would have to move out of the gap .
52:55-53:45 roglic is chasing down dennis on a climb he looks to be 20m behind him .
at one point he closes to maybe 5m but then dennis immediately accelerates away .
dennis continues to extend his advantage and under the flamme rouge roglic is nowhere close to his wheel .
54:20-55:05 dennis turns one of the final corners with roglic nowhere to be seen .
roglic turns the corner far behind and starts to hug the barriers while dennis is in the middle of the road .
eventually roglic begins to gain on dennis and looks to have taken the same line through the final curve but then roglic moves to the left to avoid any possible drafting in the run up to the line and stays there to the line .
at most roglic could be considered drafting '' for approximately 5seconds .
but maybe there was other footage that i did n't see and was n't in the video herhor posted .
i always do fifth one from bottom and children love that
i have n't adopted yet but my girlfriend and i both agree it is something we want to seriously consider .
i grew up without a father nor a stable home .
several of my family members work as social workers and i hear some real horror stories .
there are kids in this world that need love .
it 's a sin to not give it if you can .
i 'm an electrician and almost every time i 'm working with exposed wiring energized or not someone will always say bzzzzt !
their impression of someone getting zapped by electricity and then laugh maniacally ...
it was more of an observation than a direct reply to your comment .
dang i was hoping people were just running around lighting cow farts on fire for some reason .
holding my money for a few days i can deal .
holding my money for two weeks is a little much .
but instead of being a complete ass hat maybe you can be a little helpful .
i have four candidates illustrious and her night battles littorio and her constant womanizing even if it is similar to johnny bravo st. louis obvious reasons and akagi atago .
and i would have to say that the latter is the lewdest of all given that so many of her lines are charged with sexual implications that can be seen and heard very clearly and without misinterpretations .
i 'm desperately looking for us giftcards i can buy because everything online says i can only buy them based in the us with an american credit card or i need to identify my identity by sending pictures of my id card .
i just want to buy a darn card and put it into my us system .
if person a does or says something despicable and person b gets angry about it then surely person b is the one in the wrong .
because they know they are pushing the planet to its breaking point .
but negotiating with mega businesses and world leaders on changing the way they do things is way harder than bullying the individual about what type of straw they use .
the conspiracy isnt that climate change is fake it 's that the main culprits are absolving themselves of responsibility and forcing the common day peasant to take action so they can keep making profit without an interruption in services .
some 40 of pollution comes from china and 30 from the us military but neither of those power houses will change anything .
so it 's a propaganda mission to get you and i the easily subdued peasants to be responsible .
i 'm not a huge punk expert but i think he did a pretty good job .
the only things i think i would change would be to make it faster less coherent and shorter .
if you dont know there is a site barcode scanner online '' and u put your cropped photo with the barcode and it gives you the link/what it says
and they 're going to have you carry a duty pistol ?
you may want to ask about that i would think you need your rpal at the very least in this situation .
i 'm thinking of scooping darrel myself have mccoy but would need to drop adrian peterson ...
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=why are the democrats impeaching trump when the senate wo n't remove him from office ? without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
it honestly makes me think of zoo tycoon 1 vs zoo tycoon 2 except maybe even more restrictive .
i remember in zoo tycoon 1 i was trying to put a clouded leopard and a black panther together .
however the clouded leopard wanted exactly 1 more tile of dirt than the black leopard did .
that 1 extra tile of dirt was the end of the world for the black leopard but if i did n't have it the clouded would be upset .
the only way to win was to get rid of one or the other ... so i did .
in zoo tycoon 2 they loosened that up a lot .
i did n't like alpine much so i 'd would mix it with boreal and pure snow here and there .
the animals did n't mind too much as long as the foliage was appropriate .
edit on that vein this game needs more paints i have the option between the same green and brown ...
please use comma s as the separator of the different title elements .
here are our title guidelines see the title formatting guidelines in the sidebar for examples
if you are the artist and do n't want to use your own name you can use me as the artist .
if you are not the artist you must specify the artist name .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/art if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's always a one week buffer ie he would n't be ready to start for a team this week if he signed today so the earliest .
to echo everyone else he 's almost certainly going to be placed on the commissioners exempt list if he signs like peterson was .
peterson ended up not playing the rest of the season .
tdlr there is a very slim chance that ab plays this year and even if he does it wo n't be until way later in the season .
so i should tell her to rage the fuck up ?
i 'd like to see you wait in an opening line for the game franchise you care most about and then secure a pre-order with a stock of only 4 copies only for it to be cancelled later that day and not be extremely let down afterwards .
me neither really was just clutching at straws as i do not know pq .
but i remember somewhere reading you can match values when combining values a vlookup type thing so you could match those attribute values to a .. er.. struggling to find the words here ... . match to a ... match/merge the attributes to a matching attribute table thing ... does that make any sense ?
so create a table with the attributes and pull the appropriate attribute accordingly for each row extracting the values from the attribue to match in a target table .
i may be talking lalaland stuff here.. but a genius pq man like yourself can surely make sense of my waffling or discard it as undoable .
did n't they drop the gladiator name many years before the models with rectangular headlights ?
i thought they just used j10 and j20 designation on the later pickups .
i 'm curious who real will defend against first .
what percent of the time would you say that the people you work with wash their hands according to policy ?
like what i said yesterday create the problem sell the solution '' .
if the backlash does n't happen we 'll soon see more useful stuff removed only to be sold back for plat .
then again part of me is convinced even if we do lack of better word complained about it de 's probably going to ignore it ex .
see universal medallions and how de decided to do it
i just mean how did they see the persons other photos to know ?
or did the applicant send this screen shot lol ?
good to know the price and another vpn that 's good !
i think he was probably being deferential to eli .
ca n't walk around as the leader when you 're the number 2 guy .
now that he 's the man he can be more himself .
he 's probably got a good mix of eli and peyton except with wheels .
only if you majored in international financed you have the authority to pronounce it as fin-ance ''
but according to you once a piece of shit always a piece of shit right ?
why did that look like it hit the line on the foul side on the replay ?
he 's not a huge fan of playing but would love if i could let him sit in my lap all day long .
i 've never seen someone a little older than me that i could say this to but you are just so adorable cute like a little babydoll 😍 .
you have gorgeous hair and beautiful freckles and your shiny painted nails omg you are soooooo pretty .
but ... but ... but ... she was told she needed a port before her official diagnosis .
food is an artifact type not a creature type so you 'd need to make them artifacts too and you do n't need target for sacrifice a food .
why do we keep trying to replace the upvote/downvote system when that 's pretty much the only thing that reddit does right ?
i did n't even know there was a phrase that described our dynamic so well .
i think what 's most frustrating is that i 've been trying to help him out more in the hopes that he would see how much better things are when everything is put together ... but nothing has changed .
he also believes that things will magically work themselves out once we 're living together .
i just do n't see how that 's the case .
i 've expressed my doubts multiple times but sometimes he 's just so overwhelmed that he ca n't even have those conversations and says i literally do n't have time for this right now. i attempt to schedule a good time to discuss things but it never is a good time because the rare moments he 's free to do whatever he wants he tells me the last thing i want to do is talk about this.
i think you 've made me realize that our problems extend well past sex .
i 'm definitely wanting more sex but there 's other things i have to consider .
1 it is well-known that black men are fetishized .
everyone wants to find out if they 're better and dream of being filled up.
because you look like a douche.. and it 's spelled stared
bellona would be a better farmer but ravi is great all around .
i apologize if this video has already been posted in this sub but there is some excellent advice that can be gathered from this video that can be applied to all types of fighting games .
in particular i feel that this video can be very helpful for intermediate level players that may be looking to level up .
actually due to the speech and debate clause congressman can read classified material into the public record and are immune from prosecution .
as an example in the past senator gravel read the classified pentagon papers into public record .
however it does n't immunize them from disciplinary action and both the house and senate have rules in place for how to declassify things .
that being said speaker pelosi could probably flex and read the whistleblower complaint into the record and get by just fine .
literally had the same career and i 'm the same age which is why i 'm calling you out on your bs .
once again what 's your mos and branch of service ?
fucking braggart show us how macho you are boot .
ugh ready this just makes me hate you even more again stop acting like a toddler you sound like youd be physically draining to deal with dear god your i feel so bad for your poor wife
can you make a mini game that lets you play soccer in minecraft just using redstone ?
dang better move the hole planet cant be living on one outside the goldilocks zone
thats what happens when you buy a 5 sandwich though you get sub-par ingredients or lazy prep .
i have n't payed for subway for at least 5 years because of this .
ohohoh if only they still cost 5 i would agree !
but the last time i was there the only 5 sandwich they had was some shitty mcrib knockoff .
their cold cut sandwiches were 6-8 their other meat sandwiches were 6-9 .
when it was 5 i knew what i was getting and i paid for what i got .
now they want even more cash for their shitty sandwiches .
at that price they 're competing with chipotle or other fast casual places where the food quality is astronomically higher .
snapback does work on a12 it 's very finicky in a way .
i 've already used it 4 times i believe .
it gets stuck on one thing which is something to do with xcproxy i believe is the name .
however when it gets to this let it sit for at least 5-10 min just to be safe then hard reset .
jailbreak apps will still be present on the springboard when the device reboots but they are in fact gone .
and the jailbreak is removed as well and i know this because pokémon go works again .
so yes this would work with mario kart there 's just a risk .
i 've never had any issues but that 's me .
it was scary the first time i used snapback on unc0ver but i can say it does in fact work .
and my flair has not be updated yet i apologize
was never one that played the first game but i watched a play through of the first game .
are they literally only making ellie or whatever her name is a homosex because of that one crazy dude toward the end of the game ?
would n't that be problematic for lgbt since it portrays the idea that she chose to be gay because of the evil white man ?
that 's the part where you write your pin right ?
what else out there comes in this form factor with an i7 10th gen 32gb and 1tb sdd ?
i mainly need the form factor and battery the fit in the stupid economy seats that are on planes now and the last to flight .
the xps 13s fit nicely even when the person in front of me leans back in their seat .
if it just had 6 hours of battery it would be fine for what i need because i keep it plugged in all the rest of the time sans a quick trip to a coffee shop here or there .
damn how many players is that now on yellow suspension for the montreal game ?
99 sure he 's a sexpat and he spends more money on poor underprivileged prostitutes than poor underprivileged refugees .
but no it was the blue volvo that walt stole .
mine was used for the inside shots it had the rear cutaway .
the claim being made is that cannabis is harmful .
i do n't need to provide proof that it is n't when it has n't even been proven that it is .
make a claim of something it does negatively specifically and i 'll provide scholarly articles displaying it is n't true .
meanwhile there 's a turtle by the green with a big knot on his head .
i 'd rather play with legends i grew up watching than today 's players .
every time the economies go to shit the market has mooned to aths literally everytime prior to the big drop
but from browsing mom prices and my own street dealer connections .
i do agree that as it currently stands in most instances .
buyers are paying twice the price for half the weight .
right i did n't bring that up he did .
also does it get update still 3 years like pixel phones or is the support longer ?
i guess this is the beginning of the end ?
i think we can all agree they need to start giving us some flashback scenes
best way to get an invite is to post on the fb page and the creator of the group will send you an invite
in the bottom right some of the writing is white cuz of the flash but thanks
kotikunnalla ei ole juuri mitään merkitystä se on pelkkä nimi todellinen arvo tulee sijainnista .
the zeta one will probably still happen in a year or two .
they 'll just wait till people are over the haslab unicron before quietly bringing it back .
you planning on using a scope at 4.6 meters ?
as someone who grew up in tn i completely agree .
they could n't call it prayer time but we had to bow our heads if you said it was against your religion you were excused from bowing your head .
the way i see it religion is for the home and for your place of worship .
as an american i 've heard kilos used for kilos of any units as long as the context is clear although i think just saying k '' is probably more common for distances .
i think it 's just one of those cultural differences
there is an empty spot under all the sections of the store though .
mp maps and cod points for instance have the same looking empty space .
then you knocked the tower over and since the taken block was not stable and unmoving it 's still your turn and you lose .
damn ubi needs to pay me royalties for modelling my photo from back in '82 when i was on the streets
you 're gon na have a bad time when you realize what your mom is bro ...
on retroarch go to main menu options then hit the settings link then navigate to the user interface options and turn off menu widgets .
this will turn off that obnoxious green clovercon controller message at the bottom .
turning off overlay turns off any filter/shader you may have on .
turning off on screen notifications '' will only turn off the top left corner message line when loading a core .
yeah he 'll end up dying alone and you wo n't .
i still want to be with her like i love her and honestly i 'd be crushed if it ended because of this ...
lmfaoooooo do n't worry about it i 'm actually laughing my ass off right now you 're pretty cool yourself and thanks for setting the reference up i 've only gotten to do it one other time but yeah .
i posted arm pics and got somebody wanting to buy nudes from me so be careful and please do n't kill yourself over some pedo
report an issue https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=pmdevita subject=gifreversingbot 20issue message=add a link to the gif or comment in your message 2c i 'm not always sure which request is being reported .
lecheria did have a lot of chinese but most of them fled the country after criminals realized chinese money and they started being kidnapped .
again in many peoples moral opinion including the court of law it is ok .
sorry for being obtuse i am wondering how you can morally justify using violence against a child not an assertion that many think it is ok. court of law '' certainly does not offer a moral justification i am sure you understand how that is flawed .
you generally beat a kid if they are not listening to you after multiple non-violent attempts to get them to stop that behavior .
there are many ways to punish a child without resorting to violence .
if a parent fails multiple times that is not on the child .
as an adult sometimes you must resort to violemce after multiple non-violent attempts to get someone to stop their action .
there is always a peaceful way to resolve a conflict .
if you can not find that as a parent its time to examine yourself instead of beating your kids .
if your talking about he hellwalker the things insane !
i personally find it do better than the queens/kings call
every once in a while i can get her to sit still for 3 seconds .
well then i guess you ca n't hold the phillies incidents like battery throwing against the fanbase because it was just one or two '' drunk people .
and get off your high horse about the booing dodgers fans have no qualms about booing .
sorry u/casanino but we only allow images no video .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politicalhumor if you have any questions or concerns .
his cabin lighting would n't be enough to cover how much he was blushing .
somehow deklyn knew exactly what to say every time .
her eyes were like looking into the sky on a clear day .
every time he saw them there was something new to admire .
we need another after the end of the world . ''
brandon lightly ran his fingers through deklyn 's blonde hair before she questioned him
no subtype diagnosed yet working on it but classical classical-like and hypermobility type have all been suggested before .
one doc said we should rule out bcs too my eyes are borderline concerning medically speaking which i guess is an eds subtype now .
i seem to have more complications with regard to heart problems than most other edsers i 've met other than vascular and cardio valvular types of course and my reaction to the anaesthetics is the same deal .
it 's common for edsers to be resistant to them but my heart absolutely flips shit too .
i knows edsers who have successfully transitioned both mtf and ftm with minimal complications though if it 's something you 're looking into .
the text says we get 4 cantrips but the chart says we get 2 .
had a teammate drink a slurp and not a mini as well .
i 've wanted to get my hands on a skyward sword since it was announced
the person i originally replied to said that if trump was impeached he ca n't pardon himself for federal crimes .
i replied stating that pence would pardon him of said federal crimes .
then you came in talking about state crimes to which i highlighted that i was n't talking about state crimes but i was instead talking about federal crimes .
i 'm well aware that pence can pardon him for federal crimes .
which is why i stated in my original reply that you replied to that pence would definitely pardon trump .
what the fuck does base 10 have to do with human tolerable temperatures ?
too few degrees to be useful for conveying any nuance .
you thought it was mario but it was actually me dio
i do n't believe this would work like ghost light angler .
when a minion has a battlecry with a valid target it has to choose that target .
so if you have no minions on board and play one of these the second one has to kill the first .
neat card i like it but just wanted to make that clarification
steelheart 's conclusion sucked ass though albeit book 2 being phenomenal
show me one time when a sexually suggestive question getting a sexually suggestive answer surprises steve harvey ?
i seriously go through three or four a year .
a lot of people practice dance in mason hall at night as the windows are practically mirrors at night
but it did n't do 61 damage because you used nita to attack the safe too
the stakes are low right now so take your time .
he has a whole graph with conversions and everything in the 10th anniversary edition .
i do n't think either sabo or jinbei are dying .
ace was kind of like a mentor figure to luffy probably more so than anyone else at least .
he was his brother whom he looked up to and was following in his footsteps along the grand line .
beyond that oda devoted his greatest arc to date in order to commemorate his death .
it was n't like ace was casually off-screened or quickly brought low .
oda pulled all the stops gathered all the characters showcased our first yonkou and admirals in real fights etc .
and this is the only character close to luffy who 's been allowed to die in a 20 year manga .
that 's what it means for a character close to luffy to die .
permanent deaths of familiar characters are exceedingly rare or else come with great fanfare and almost always it involves a mentor-type character who is affordable to sacrifice .
the set-up for either sabo or jinbei to perish is just not there .
smite on ps4 so it 's a moba but it 's also very different .
there are literally hundreds of items to learn though .
on mobile i also play onmiyoji arena and i 'm waiting for some others like the marvel one and extraordinary ones .
i like onmyoji arena a lot but it has a very small player base and therefore high wait times but the heroes are cool .
i 'd say the only other one that 's even worth it in mobile is mlbb but i do n't like it personally .
you are at risk from getting genital herpes from a blow job from people who have oral herpes cold sores .
yep 67 of the girls who 've given you a blow job could have given you genital herpes if you do n't already have hsv1 yourself
this girl who has genital hsv2 did absolutely nothing to put you at risk .
there is 0 way you could get it from her .
just because her infection is genital dont stigmatize her more than people with herpes in other locations .
idk who produced that you or someone else but they could learn a thing or 2 about the process .
it looks like a grade or 2 above mids probably .
depending on what you spent it could be a good deal or a rip off .
lmfaoooooooo ok this is extra and reallllly over the top but this is such a different approach and i love it
yes that does n't work with the quest because of a hardware limitation on the snapdragon 835 so oculus had to engineer a software solution that will have some added latency and some quality loss .
this submission has been automatically removed because it comes from a blogging platform .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
hahaha got me dying at carrie lam '' and his reaction
thank you for your submission but it has been removed for the following reason s
if you have questions or objections about this removal please reach out to us in modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fmariokarttour subject=removal 20objection 20or 20question message 5bplease 20type 20your 20message 20here ... 5d 0d 0d 0d 0d 2ado 20not 20edit 20or 20delete 20anything 20below 20this 20line 2a 0d 0d 2d 2d 2d 0d 0d 2a 2aremoval 20notes 20for 20moderators 3a 2a 2a 0d 0dpost 20title 3a 20add 20me 0d 0dpermalink 3a 20https www.reddit.com/r/mariokarttour/comments/d9dawc 0d 0dcontent 20type 3a 20submission 0d 0dremoved 20by 3a 20kkingler .
well i know your homeroom and your mom 's name .
regular yes just longer 2 days and somewhat heavier than before .
still i 'd rather deal with a little extra bleeding than an unintended pregnancy .
it took a few months for them to become regular .
throw out enough likes or hearts or whatever the local currency is and you can find someone who will debase themselves in any way you like .
what about fighting them physically for liking another sports team
if a guy is n't asking you out it 's probably because either your not giving enough clues for him to make a move and he just does n't want to make himself look like an idiot if he 's wrong or maybe he just might not be into to you .
my state tried to force the switch back in 1995 .
the baseball season is so long what happened 2 months ago is ancient history .
so no the final two games are not all that matter .
but ... they were playoff games for tampa and by playing as poorly as we did against a playoff caliber team is a bad omen man .
i dont care if we beat the texas '' they just want to go home '' rangers 33-1 .
if we split these games it would be good .
if we scored maybe more than 1 in 20 innings it would be better .
if you cant see the difference between the week before the playoffs against a good team or what happened in july ... .i got nothing left to say .
in no way did he make it seem racial .
donny osmond worked in masked singer while performing almost nightly in vegas so it 's not terribly crazy .
hey man erm sorry for late response never got the notification but were you buying or selling ?
kind of funny after all those years of calling liberals snowflakes .
you did n't do any of these things and have nothing to be guilty about .
however you might reconsider which relatives you want to spend time with .
we like to try making them but succeed at failing .
not knowing its ok to reset neutral and i cant land every combo chain at 0 .
my only concern would be that i seriously hope they do n't apple '' up the playstation .
white supremacists sure have killed a lot of white people .
if i trust them because i 'm white '' is to be believed a whole world war would have been pretty bloodless .
but generally speaking white supremacists and all authoritarians will purge anybody who stands in their way including all political dissidents .
from hitler to spencer who acknowledges free speech would be suppressed this is just a given .
i mean if we have a cb covering the rb something got royally fucked up .
lindsey is scary and this team ca n't stop the run for shit though .
which makes me wonder if that 's really what he got mad about .
i mean he said the last two innings '' which implies more than one comment .
but i agree that 's a pretty absurd comment to get mad about .
but it 's also a pretty lame comment to make in the first place .
i 've been thinking about selling my e36 m3 and getting an e46 ...
your submission has been removed for violating our community rules https www.reddit.com/r/discordapp/about/rules
rule 4 asking for or providing invites to non-official servers is not allowed .
if you have any questions about the removal please contact our mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdiscordapp .
did you have a stroke or is this some joke i do n't understand
i did n't even know that was a thing .
i do n't care about the price of that 's the best thing .
i recently had these kinds of thoughts while on lsd and i do n't think it really matters if what we believe will actually make things better '' as long as we can believe in it .
obviously it 's better to look at the facts and if everything actually g we can ts better but cognitive bias makes that insanely hard to impossible
she 'll be back in a download banner in august .
my small piece has some hard to clean places .
i got one laila for my one ao jun lol
op admits he does n't understand the economics of the situation so he is basically gambling on coins and going back to the abusive boyfriend that is r/bitcoin .
he 's banned there so he seems pretty codependent .
literally everyone who fucks kids should go to jail the fuck is so hard about that when it comes to the right ?
he 's throwing random legislation ideas at the wall in a bid to make a false dichotomy that congress ca n't legislate and investigate him .
funny nonetheless and perhaps a bit of a freudian slip anyway .
this is a good video that shows the differences https youtu.be/2wyybrxu7uu
what evidence is there it had anything to do with joe biden 's son ?
yes they do lots of large 5 bed terraced houses or town houses in london .
and probably a lot nicer than whatever shithole you live in too
and from my seat that was more or less what i saw .
if interested it 's the camp nou the game is champions league match between barcelona and inter and the guy who deflected the shot is brozovic inter .
if he did the exact same thing that they 're turning on trump for then it will seem odd to only turn on trump .
you want me to deal with the rest of your garbage ?
the paris accord is supposed to save people lives .
you 're an evil sociopath who would rather see people die for your greed .
you think it 's great that we 'll be spending trillions mitigated damage from climate change .
the agreement with iran prevented them from developing nuclear weapons .
but trump loves useful idiots like you who blindly believe every lie that he feeds you .
college friends the few that i have and work .
stingy as in they do n't give up a lot .
well it is a pic of myself it 's just from some years ago with a filter applied .
had a nepalese i think prof say something to the tune of all vietnamese people work in sweatshops '' during a feedback controls lecture .
he actually then rhetorically asked if there were any vietnamese students in class to which a friend who was the only one in class said something like yes and i find that very offensive . ''
imagine being able to design your own gta maps ?
a more alive and vibrant dark souls world would be fun .
because frankly king andy is a loser and a tool .
he thinks he 's above federal law and puts up illegal road signs .
as an australian that first sentence in op had me convinced this person was an asshole .
those are insanely long showers and an atrocious display of privilege and arrogance .
lem me just get that right off ya real quick hook and loop tearing sound .
okay full disclosure i 100 judged you before reading the description .
be honest with yourself and take responsibility for your feelings you will carry them with you wherever you go so you may as well share them with someone does n't matter who it is .
hiding yourself from life will achieve nothing but the wasting of it .
you want love just like anyone ... it 's as plain as day .
ca n't have it hiding out in the middle of nowhere .
if the beings have any connection ancestrally to humanity its got ta be in the past .
time travel to the past opens many cans of worms .
in my opinion if there is time travel to the past there is infinite timelines but that 's another topic .
the best guess i have is ancient astronaut hypothesis or some form of it .
yea media has shined a bad light on that topic .
its not insane to think if they are this advanced now that even thousands of years ago they wouldve been .
or who knows what species and from where they originate from all this time .
but its clear to me that ifff aliens are connected to humanity its because they are our designers our original gods if you want to look at it that way .
it your class only has statically allocated instance variables there 's no need for a destructor .
is it legal to mount the license plate sideways ?
i 'm not sure if i 'm alone but for me it is n't just the expanding plot threads that kill it .
i literally can not stand any of his female characters .
i remember vaguely liking min and faile but the last time i tried to power through the best i could say is i hate them slightly less then the others .
i usually went with lifestyles but i have n't used a condom since i started dating my now wife like 14 years ? ? .
your submission has been automatically removed because your account age or karma level does not meet this subreddit 's requirements .
read the sidebar and the post at the top of the subreddit for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wouldyoufuckmywife if you have any questions or concerns .
neither are incestuous that you ca n't do them .
could he be trying to get pence to resign so there 's no vp then not bother picking one to ensure no impeachment as there 's no one to replace him .
i mean 10 gallons per gerbil is the general rule so i think 185 gallons is extremely good .
is it white and gold or blue and black ?
soviets soviety советы it 's somewhat a parlament in the ussr .
soviet union is the whole country made up of those soviets specific to each republic .
and there 's no good reason for it except naked unrelenting greed .
and star trek fleet command makes this game look like a giveaway .
try over half a dozen that are always available not just limited time offers .
there 's a beginner 's pack that 's like 4.99 if memory serves and after that you 'll never see a package less than 19.99 .
honestly real laws with serious penalties regarding gambling mechanics in video games ca n't come along soon enough .
but then i feel that every day that goes by where people like andrew wilson ceo of ea and bobby kotick ceo of activision do n't get kicked in the crotch by an aussie rules footy player is a failure of humanity as a species .
valid point i really do n't want her to take it the wrong way .
because this was a big i ca n't believe they did it/was on the news during the 2008 election cycle .
if the government thought too few people were signing up for the military they would beef up the pay and the benefits .
we already sink in like 800 billion a year and the budget increases every year
on a purely defensive standpoint the united states is unbeatable .
any country with a powerful military to invade us would have to cross a fuckin ocean and we 're bordered by canada and mexico two countries with less people and a way poorer military
i suggest just taking a step back and probably engaging with them at a more comfortable level .
obviously it will get noticed but there 's not much you can do about it if you get cut out it 's their loss .
engaging with them in a more casual way will increase your sanity .
trump distanced himself and banned him from all trump properties like 15 years ago when epstein started hitting on teenagers .
far cry 2 was extreme but how i would see it implemented is over time the stats of your weapon would decrease .
with occasional jams and malfunctions occurring at higher levels .
things like diving into mud swamps or just prolonged use would eventually lead to higher degredation .
note i 'm not saying the weapon is destroyed but becomes less efficient as time goes on until it is cleaned .
weapons maintenance is already an option in the bivouac so why not ?
seeing hedgehogs badgers or foxes in a forest is like the best gift i can get for myself !
currently 4231 2 with pickford sidibe rudiger ake kolasinac gbamin torreira richarlison king fraser pukki .
my only issue is that i 'm absolutely crap so far this year haha .
4222 with those two up front gives me no excuse though !
removing those 2 lines i get this output and errors .
variable_1 is a int but we expected it to be a float .
in python do you have to explicitly define integer and float variables as such ?
the course showed the type command which can identify them but it did not say that i needed to define them as either one .
off to bed for now will see any replies tomorrow .
i learned not to get anything you regularly touch in white
f do not fish for compliments or promote yourself outside of the stickied post .
please use the stickied thread at the top of the sub for this .
i 'm not a bot at least i do n't think so however this comment was left automatically .
i recently stumbled down that cancerous rabbit hole after searching for someone in a post here .
i 'm still at a loss for words that channel and the shadow ninjas i think it 's called
i do n't know yet how that is going to be handled probably yes
but i 'm worried about something is n't your wife worried about you breaking up or cheating ?
usually it 's the woman who worries a lot when the husband is away ...
the first law i will impose as president of the world is to make the highest class felony sentenceable to lifetime of 24 hour 7 days a week torture is changing focus in any way to the male of any scene
it seems that your account is younger than 3 days old .
if you 're not spamming us please message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftwitter to approve your submission .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/twitter if you have any questions or concerns .
in wi it seems like every other white/grey/black ford explorer is an unmarked cop
let 's note that since granblue has only one server it 's not showed here but i 'd be confident it could beat a few ones here damnit guild wars well there was n't any in august but still
in the first episode when he knew a quicker way to get to the camp !
i skipped through it and now i regret it .
hold-up since they 're speaking in korean then should n't it be that yuri influenced the j-line ?
yeah what 's going on with his thought process ?
the best way to honour saint jo cox would be to try and cover up ignore and call anyone racist who wants to talk about or bring-to-justice all the rape gangs that were running in her constituency during her term .
wait a second i searched pornhub for this exact video but i ca n't find it .
aim for a camille/fiora and you 'll be gucci .
3 star at krug was the degen rolling strat for a while anyway
we do n't see enough for honor cosplays thank you for making one
that 's pretty much what i was thinking too .
sexual abuse is something a lot of people encounter in real life .
and so it 's a lot more personal likely both for the people making the show and the ones watching it .
yeah how could they ignore the success of all the other cpma style games ?
for every one person who cash tips outside the app there are 100 that dont .
dont ever take an order under the hopes of maybe they 'll tip in cash ''
also if you get the wrong address dont buy the line ill tip you more to bring it over here '' .
all the apps as far as i know still pay you full fare if you wait collect and move on .
i 've heard cuttlefish can see polarization in light so while they may be colorblind they certainly see more than humans in other ways .
steam_clan_image 33382456/656315eaae91d2f1502a15dc83a2c3345652473d.pngwe are really excited to announce you that the minimax tinyverse content patch '' cavalry is here ! ''
you can now play with two new troopers the knight and the gliptos charger.if you missed it you can check our detailed posts about them how to play knight how to play gliptos charger you can also find new youtube tutorials available !
please reboot your game steam client to receive the patch.join our official community on discord and share your feedback with other players and the dev team https discord.gg/minimaxtinyversejoin the weekly tournaments for minimax tinyverse that our friends at egl.tv have prepared !
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
those do n't look like iso standard smiles to me .
would a really good cleaning and maybe grout treatment work ?
that being said doing something different for a couple of races could be fun and an excellent way to shake things up .
i do n't see what 's the problem with trying it out for a few weekends next year .
your tdee wo n't change much if the weight you lose is mostly fat because fat stores do n't require a lot of energy to maintain each day .
if you use a formula that does n't take into account body fat then when you lose weight the formula will think a lot of your weight loss is muscle mass and your tdee will go down a lot faster .
oddly enough shrimp parm is n't a traditional jewish dish !
why not just do their own charity promotion if they care so much ?
for real i offered theilen e sanders carson and penny for adams and sony earlier and got shut down
without outside support its not unlikely they germans could have won vs the soviets probably at quite high loses but still .
it 's 1 of those hotly debated topics in history about how much lendlease and british war equipment meant .
the us meant more in ww2 than they did in ww1 to the factor of winning the war .
it was time for thomas to break the soviet union
i found it on r/unpopularopinion sub decided to post it here for laughs as it feels like a decent copypasta .
thought you had a super big desk with some type of fabric on the top .
maybe she needs to consider the possibility that he kid isugly .
become someone you 'd like to spend time with .
meh the people that wrote those complaints did so for views .
drama makes for good publicity it could be blatant lies but people will still click .
my pc can run the og rift but i did n't want to get it due to the sensors so i guess i 'm completely set .
why ca n't november come early i wan na play minecraft vr
brutus and judas ruined their name so much that not only everyone never uses them but they are pretty much used as adjectives .
oooooh man i was so out of the loop i thought you were just being weird and referring to some ancient medieval practice or something .
i did n't realize it 's referred to as gilding '' but makes total sense .
which begs the question why is that where they decided to put it in the ui lmao
they ca n't have been too tough if 5d8 was enough .
when i tell people that they usually assume i 'm from a populous area like san francisco or la .
my hometown has a population of about 1,500 and the nearest big city '' is a good hour 's drive away and has about 80,000 people .
i do n't fault anyone 's sense of scale just saying that the criteria for a small town '' are not really unambiguously defined .
they have everything to do with it they own the license and ip .
just because they did n't develop it does n't mean they have nothing to do with it
he literally affirmed that they have something to do with it which they do n't as you can see by all the links i sent .
no involvement with development or publishing like they never did with pokémon in mobile and tpc putting pokémon on mobile even before nintendo entered the market with apps and pokémon shuffle really shows it as well in how they acted independently from them which makes sense as they 're the ones with more power as brand manager and being involved on all products of the series be it publishing producing or licensing .
they 're still the ones getting paid and still the final word as far as how the game is marketed and monetized .
and then this which is decided by dena and tpc not nintendo .
seriously this is the same thing of pokémon go all again and just like the dumb investors at the time people think that nintendo is involved in pokémon games on mobile .
get it checked out i had an issue like that wit my girlfriends mazda gave us issues dying for a while and it turns out the service center put the wrong battery in and it was too small for the car .
my moms 16 outback died like you describe and they just replaced her battery for her never happened again .
if you do n't want to spend the money autozone or oriely can test the battery for free .
now i 'm going to cut all of my figs before i try to eat any .
are you implying that it 's selfish to not want to pay for other people 's kids ?
91k 2 match on 401k 2 wks vacation in nyc area with a phd+5 yrs experience
it 's not my cup of tea but i wo n't fault them for trying out a new mode .
i like the slow ponderous exploring but i 've seen some fun matches other people have played .
if more people will do this i would n't have to wait so long in line for my regular trips to oregon .
the problem is people are going to watch the video and read the story and realize this woman should have been red flagged and then go about their day
all backgrounds have two skill proficiencies and two languages or tool proficiencies .
rules for making your own custom background are in the phb at the start of the background section .
choose two skills 2 languages or tools and a feature from one of the backgrounds .
when you choose a custom background you 're meant to use the roll for starting wealth rules at the start of the equipment section over the equipment/gold that comes with your class and background .
many people just choose the equipment and gold from one of the sample backgrounds to make character generation quicker though .
there is a list in a link in a link in a link in a link
at least you understand the power of the 8 ball
the thing is i think i might have left google maps open after having looked for the address of my temporary room and it 's entirely possible that they could then see that and realise that 's where i have gone to on that friday .
jesus the going 's been tough for america and canada today .
all i 'm saying is that parenthood should n't replace the other parts of your identity .
if you 're an artist for example and you have a kid then you should be an artist who also has kids .
being a parent should coexist with your passion not replace it .
i like going outside at night and seeing if i can guess who 's performing .
not really understanding your point about someone demanding reparations .
if you 're married or dating you can set conditions on staying in the relationship
i think it 's just 4th degree blackbelt cope .
i usually cover my tattoos with tegaderm while they heal and i 've had no problem exercising the next day but a small tattoo on your finger might be tricky to cover .
if you plan to lift weights etc as its healing however i 'd probably try to cover it up .
holding a weight would basically be grinding dirt into your new tattoo .
the only time i touched the switch axe was when i could n't differentiate it with cb 🤣 little defensive options are n't a problem for me i hardly used the gs to guard lol !
am more of a run and gun player so i 'll try sa for sure .
i do remember it being fluid in combos did n't know you could ko the monstwr decently too !
whatever man think whatever ya want.this coneversation has no use anymore
i guess just fuck people who are lactose intolerant too then .
you can go on the us government social sexurity website and get a list of every registered name at birth of every child born in the us in the last 100 or so years it'sreally quite easy to disprove your claim without the need for any class rosters
imagine going to a restaurant that has carpet on the floors .
gobert is the best defender in the league and can guard jokic .
conley is a very good defender that can defend murray and also put up 21/6 .
then they have 2 more 20 ppg scorers in bogdanovic and mitchell not to mention ingles is a very good role player
i have a strong suspicion the impeachment thing is a distraction from this .
i 've seen them do it when they 're sneaking all sorts of stuff into spending bills .
if anyone remembers the pmrc show hearings over music lyrics in the 1980s those were a smokescreen to pass a tax on blank tape .
a little from column a a little from column b
well ... the groom is adopted and the bride is biological
so it 's not biological incest cause they 're not related by blood .
kind of surprised to see scar as the favorite here .
you do realise there are literally hundreds if not thousands of british accents
taking sick leaves and going all into io for 22 hours a day .
especially if you 're going against oil companies or other billion dollar corporations .
from the reviews i 've seen the strix is both overpriced wildly expensive and underperformant .
the pulse for example makes lightly less noise while having lower temperatures granted by about 1-2 degrees .
this is also a card that costs significantly less .
i have nothing against the strixx or premium cards in general but i 'm thoroughly dissapointed that one of the most expensive 5700xt cards and asus 's top of the line card in this range performs worse than the budget oriented card from sapphire .
this is something that manufacturers need to step up .
it 's inexcusable to offer build extremely beefy heatsinks with triple fan setups and then botch the execution so that you end up offering less cooling performance than some more well thought out budget solutions .
enjoy here 's the full toc https forensicfilesnow.com/index.php/table-of-contents the blogger does a really great job of recapping and researching the episodes they cover !
damn ... mine was at about 300 days until i finally got it for my deadair sandman k..
well ... how many people knew what the witcher was before the game ?
i would say it should be their producers director actors etc .
duty to pay some significant attention to what led to the popularity of the witcher 3 .
it just looks like it is going to be a drama imho ... not to mention the game and the books are fairly similar from my understanding i do n't have the patience to sit and read a book .
i get exactly where you 're coming from and what you 're saying .
when i 'm looking for stuff like this i usually look at the first comment because often someone will have broken out different useful points in the video with time-stamped links .
if it 's not there maybe you should add that comment since you actively benefit from these videos .
it sounds to me like you 're complaining about the state of a community that you use and never contribute to .
i mean a loud retarded teenager is an excellent personification of the un
ey you wan na play a game about killing nazis with super powers and you get super powers too ?
you wan na play a game where it 's a fps and also has horror elements ?
you wan na play the most underrated game of a famous shooter series ? ?
multiplayers dead and i do n't know where you 'd find a copy but if you did it 's probably super cheap and deserves to be played !
also when you beat the game you can turn peoples heads into pumpkins !
i do n't believe in the scientific theory of thermodynamics .
the last thing i 'd want in that situation would be for my girl to come downstairs .
gave me the chills just seeing iit in the video .
honestly i 'd go with new wheels that you could get for cheaper at a local skate shop but if you 're super tight on money those wheels are n't going to be terrible
so you use your primary language as a like learning base in which you use to help learn new language ?
by then there 's good chance your hardware will be supported .
nvidia does n't really give a rat 's ass .
in a cosmic sense where the natural law is intertia and conservation of resources why would a god give illness and then take that illness away .
is that like a tsa agent who chooses to detain you and then release you after grilling you for several hours just for fun ?
it 's leading the same path your grammar sucks almost lead
did n't mueller find that the people trumps party were trying to collude with were not tied to the russian government .
not through lack of the russian government wanting to help or trumps team wanting the russian governments help .
but through trumps team using wrong email addresses and contacting people with similar names in the private sector ?
there probably was collusion and trumps team probably knew better at the time .
i say probably because there is just way too much obstruction to be definitive on really any point .
i assume laws were broken because well they were mueller proved that .
he was obstructed from finding anything bigger than obstruction .
not that you need bigger trumps party probably just showed the correspondence with the mistaken identities because they knew they could n't hide it all and playing stupid might work .
while you are right that mueller never found trump innocent he found insufficient evidence there is a significant difference in those two terms good call on that .
mueller also said that the reason of insufficient evidence was due to the rampant obstruction .
what mueller could prove was a lot of morons talking to a lot of wrong people however not in a manner that would be illegal except for perhaps jr. who did n't know he was doing something wrong .
my point was that trump irrefutably knows now that it 's illegal to accept info from foreign powers in regards to dirt on opposition .
he also straight up does n't get why he ca n't accept it and report it to the fbi .
he straight up says what 's the harm in listening .
trump does n't understand that the listening is the illegal part .
alternatively he gets why it 's illegal or a bare minimum that he should n't accept help and does n't care .
either way that shit alone was impeachable in my opinion .
i would like to think that i would have called for impeachment then .
all of this however is a very long drawn out way to say what i said in the first post .
did not try because i hate savage jho but i will try rightaway
now box yourself up and send yourself to me !
once you realize how much of a problem you had do n't you feel better ?
i think i used to get a high from all of the expensive makeup i 'd buy just because i was broke and it was pretty and watched so many youtube videos that looked amazing and i wanted to look amazing too .
then i 'd get migraines so joining makeuprehab has been awesome for me because i am no longer spending money on pretty products i ca n't wear .
i 'd forget to return them and then they 'd go back into the graveyard that i 'd pick up and convince myself i would n't get a migraine .
i have also been able to rationalize buying shoes in makeup 's place .
i do n't need another pair of pumps that i barely wear .
sorry for leaving you alone this way jon but i missed odie so much .
do you think he missed me too after all i did to him ?
if you seriously support bernie do not let this campaign pass without volunteering .
it 's the only way we win and it 's as easy quick as you choose .
learn how to register and vote https voteforbernie.org for bernie especially if you live in ny where you must register as a democrat before oct. 11
if this comment leads you to sign up go to an event get bern translate register etc .
let me know in comment or dm – i 've got to know that this is worth my time !
i mean i asked her to hang out and she asked me which way .
kind of saw right through it so i was just honest and told her about danielle 's teasing .
she was actually really cool about it. he said with a smile .
eagerly waiting for the oneplus 3 roms to drop d
it was it took hours and hours but i think it turned out pretty accurate haha .
i love patch notes for literally any game i play .
the best time if the year is listening to purge read dota patch notes for 2 to 3 hours and theorycrafting what the fuck they 're going to do .
i looked at one of the links you provided .
it says half of women getting abortions reported using some form of contraception at the time they became pregnant .
so women choosing to have sex without any protection is only half the issue .
people should indeed be smarter about the correct way to use birth control especially but i would argue that deciding when it 's best to abort is being smart is owning up instead of sitting back and letting events play out as if helpless .
we 're not glorifying abortion in and of itself we 're praising women being given more opportunities to make better choices for themselves and often the children they already have .
having a baby you ca n't care for is a lot of things but it 's not smart and the one who 'll take the brunt of consequences for it is usually the kid not that woman .
yeah there 's no way whatever feige brings to star wars is a trade-*down from those guys .
i became aware that some folks are under the impression that you can not stack massacre missions at all anymore and i figured this may be helpful to those people .
i just noticed how stacking works a few hours ago and it 's nice to have confirmation .
wing and non-wing massacres from the same faction do stack .
wing missions tend to be to kill 20 pirates so you need a couple of non-wing ones to balance it out .
assassinations and massacres do stack if the target is part of the right faction .
accepting many pirate assassinations at once will get you zerg-rushed the moment you enter a signal source .
depending on how prepared you are you 're either going to be moderately rich or dead .
i 'm going to equip a size 1 cargo rack and fill it with something so the pirates will engage on signal source entry .
you went to sothis and stacked 20 combat massacre missions through board flipping .
it was a golden age of fed rank grind .
i tried ldn and it made pains much worse for me .
i do n't think it 's effective for everyone .
you are full of shit we had the hottest summer so far .
ohio and florida both suck for acceptance but more importantly the laws there are not in your favor to say the least .
i know its a bit shit for me to say but if you have the means to move .
dont move somewhere just as bad when there are affordable places near you .
if you cant afford big city living nyc boston etc .
there are plenty of accepting cities that are affordable providence satellite cities of boston etc .
it 's really hard to feel bad for the dude who 's already committed a bunch of crimes .
let 's not forget the fact that he 's a convicted pedophile but somehow that story just got brushed under the rug with all this gang shit going on .
if u get the guardian skill in the middle for shildrecharge on crit u have always full shield .
if u crit with a lucians call every skill point for returning ammo are wasted while u get with 1 crit 2 bullets back .
the last time i needed antibiotics i went to the cvs minute clinic .
i had a uti ... i had other options sure .
not sure how much they would have charged me but since i did have an income they would n't have treated me for free .
i could have gone to urgent care did a copay .
cvs was a 100 before any testing or prescriptions .
i could have waited for an primary care doc appointment but ... i did n't want to wait a few days to over a week to get some sort of appointment .
it 's not even guaranteed i could get pto on that short notice .
i 'd rather not live with uti symptoms while trying to work and untreated it could have gotten worse or actually turned into something dangerous .
i felt so fucking ripped off but realistically it might have been the best option .
but i did n't have to waste 4 hours in pp or in urgent care on my one day off per week .
i was seen immediately unlike a real doctors office where you could easily wait an hour after your scheduled time .
as far as fish pills go i do n't want to believe i 'd be contributing to superbugs by taking them .
but it 's hard to feel guilty if you know that you would take them by the book for long enough that you would kill the bacteria you 're trying to kill .
legally people can incubate superbugs in a cow all they want because the meat industry needs to survive but for the sake of saving a human money and physical pain it 's illegal .
the issue with both these comments was that cointelegraph is banned site-wide and needs to be approved manually .
newer stores and recent renovated ones are more than likely made into psuedo-faraday cages .
the wifi would be hardlined in/out so blocking most radio frequencies would facilitate wifi usage .
kulutusjuhlat loppuu vaikeuksia tulee mutta omasta asenteesta on pitkälti kiinni se kuinka paljon siitä yksilönä kärsii .
hammashoidon ja terveydenhuollon jonot kasvaa autoilla ajellaan vähemmän elektroniikka ei ole ihan ykköslaatua mutta kyllä nuoret tulevat pärjäämään oikein hyvin .
if you ca n't afford to risk a baby then do n't have sex .
if you do n't want to become obese do n't eat fast food .
if you do n't want to drown do n't go swimming .
if you do n't want to get in a car accident do n't drive .
if you do n't want to die in a plane crash do n't fly .
yes because this has worked for the last cod and the one before that .
dimitri is my favorite along with felix and it makes me so sad that i picked the azure moon route first .
i wish i did it last so i know both felix and dimitri end off brilliantly .
the rocklee thing happened during channel pimping and ryan cut it off for the youtube vod which was a good idea
and not buying another one until they get me excited lol .
both vetto and elf gauche have shown that there are counters to solo asta though .
i was abused but i did n't it learn from that .
i learned it from my mom because i had anger outburst as a kid all the time so she told me ever if i felt uncontrollable anger to walk away but i took that to the extreme and now i literally run from any confrontation .
so aka i 'm in this photo and i do n't like it and it sounds like something i was say lol ￼￼￼
dempsey had 57 for the us to wondo 's 11
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
so there must have been a reason why this change was necessary..
i had to move away for work and now my sisters have to do my chores and ca n't go out as much but they understand why i had to move away and i will visit every once in a while .
nun una ko nakita kasi tagged pics and status ng students niya akala ko mlm yun oaghype and pagthank nila sa coaches .
tbh it was weird until i checked the profiles nun ibang coaches .
almost walked right by the actual police and escaped .
most likely however their is a rule on this somewhere i thought .
if you had n't been taking them for a long time 4 years for example the restriction would be lifted .
judging by how little time you used them it could be fine
lying could get your medical revoked so probably not the best idea as-well make clear you have never been tested for adhd as this will remove more barriers .
and in regards to going back and checking medicals i 'm pretty sure they have the authority to do that as they do in the uk caa not sure about us however us restrictions are allot less tight .
ah yes who amongst us was not taught about high emperor vladimir lenin ?
or the man who slaughtered billions of russians in cold blood to consolidate his power the infamous authoritarian dictator karl marx ?
bro go back and give them a second chance ...
i promise it 's not burnt nor jack miller 's
netflix should 've given marco polo a third season .
it 's still a great bot of you have the right weapons .
pulsar or vortex are devastating and that medium trebuchet ist op .
depends on how much real world money you want to spend though as you can just build it in the workshop too .
your post has been automatically removed because it appears that you did not include the resolution in the title .
you must enclose the resolution in either square brackets or parentheses .
if you are posting an album please include album in the title .
you really did include the resolution please message the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/warshipporn if you have any questions or concerns .
guy calling due 's posts out as all anti-trump at 4 .
this sub will downvote anything bad you say about x '' a zillion upvotes .
the cat '' x '' is just the rating of the shielding .
cat 6 is rated for outdoor use and is very heavy duty .
has literally nothing to do with the speed the cable can provide .
by ultimately making the strategic judgement call for the nation that they have been elected to do on behalf of the people
by doing the thing they think is best even if that means explaining why they ultimately decided that remain is best .
if all mps did this on each and every issue the u.k. would be a much better place .
liking men does n't make me gay for your concern
can import anysong as a loop in garageband and export it 's as a ringtone
if activision were to give us cod points or crates and we did a crate opening video we would be required to disclose that and activision would be ensuring that we did because it 's on them as well .
just as an example many of us received mw beta codes from activision to give to our audiences and they specifically reminded us to disclose the source of the codes when giving them away .
he was name dropped by sengoku back in the impel down arc .
i like them both and know it 's not a given option but i 'm thinking you 'd look really good as a brunette .
new accounts are restricted to posting to the following sites i.imgur.com gfycat.com .
please note that links to imgur must be direct image links e.g .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/page3glamour if you have any questions or concerns .
there are users i 'd happily pay 300 out of my own pocket just to be rid of once and for all ... . without needing to get carpet rolls and duct tape ...
i dont know either of you but i would still bet on her at least having some suspicion .
even if she has caught on only a little bit maybe the fact that she has n't reacted badly to you is cause for some hope .
for some reason i thought you were talking about like a kid/teacher who went to the school lol
they do n't spit out what 's killing them inside .
your submission appears to violate either rule 2 https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules wiki_2._no_memes.2c_and_no_hifw.2c_mrw.2c_meirl.2c_or_dae_posts .
if you feel this was done in error you may contact the moderators for a manual appraisal .
extra maps are good why is this deemed inexcusable ?
sure if you ca n't afford it then do n't buy but i would have thought additional maps would be welcomed .
i agree that it should n't be priced too high but if bohemia decides to make more and more maps i do n't see why they should be hammered for it .
other companies get around paid dlc by having seasons loot boxes skins or in-game stores which attract kids and squeeze hundreds of dollars out of them .
i do n't see how bi can be lumped in the same category .
i 'm so scared something bad will happen there .
i think it will if i do n't go and here i am .
not knowing if i 'm going to win this battle or not .
did n't really wan na be behind him after that
is this the point to think about a small financial transaction tax ?
there are people who make money by actually producing something of value and then there are those who make money purely by means of financial instrument transactions .
seems like the latter produces wealth essentially from thin air and a tax would at least add actual value .
at least that 's what i have heard i have no dog in this fight .
combat change barely works with most servers already shitty hit registration ...
are you really saying you know more than the top creators of multiplayers servers ?
you 're not a clown you 're the entire circus
you 're 100 right the sad thing is while they did this so perfectly in the avatar series in the legend of korra they completely ruin it by doing exactly what you said not to do .
black mage has been fine ever since mid stormblood .
all black mages abilities are all qol changes that makes it even more insane while other jobs are getting clunky works and shit
but tell your friends parent and try to get him into rehab
i wish someone told my mom i was doing drugs back then because life fucking sucks and i 'm only 20 lmao
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/frogbutt if you have any questions or concerns .
apparently you can as long as it 's aaron jones
education is enormously complex especially when one considers all of the potential market forces that demand it .
the best system in my opinion would pursue pressure and active involvement from all of these sources of demand .
that type of system would require a completely free market within the education sector .
incentives to utilize all market demands do not currently exist and can not be created overnight .
i think we can generate a competitive education market by changing the funding mechanism and altering curriculum mandates .
i 'd prefer we start by implementing a tiered voucher system that allows for school choice .
if schools have to compete for funding they have a real incentive to provide best service to their 'customers ' in order to keep them .
i can dig deeper if you 're interested but the weeds might be thick .
has n't the current system lifted more people into academia than ever ?
there are government backed financial guarantees that seem to encourage more people to seek higher education .
there 's less pressure for affordability and fewer people enter into trade or vocational schools .
more people are going into deep debt while obtaining degrees that are less and less valuable due to the decrease in scarcity .
would n't the proposed choice redistribution mean that only the richer people get the better education even more so than now ?
i think this is entirely based on the funding mechanisms .
it 's the entire reason why i do not believe we can eliminate public funding until a competitive market that supplies all demand types develops .
it would be disastrous for us to decrease opportunity for those in the most need of it .
hahaha i knew who posted this before i even looked .
every 48 minutes pick a random target and strike them down with the orbital cannon
yeah her and saba were the perfect openers for jid .
but it 's not funny so i said something else .
ela shotty is insane compared to her evo but this is n't the appropriate subreddit for this discussion .
i think it 's funny and i like to turn it into friendly banter .
but i also get along better with them in rl anyway .
my approach and advice is wear it somewhere non-essential like out shopping for groceries .
it applies a lot less pressure and can have you road test how you feel in it !
i didnt put my dick anywhere near my cat .
i promised myself i wasnt going to make apology videos after last years thing so im just trying to be as short and honest with this as possible .
being treated like a child and expected to act like an adult
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
he said oops '' before the picture even went through ... 😑
if you were unaware there 's a filter in the sidebar that lets you hide posts with the flair 'mtx ' https i.gyazo.com/1a1382c3bff94c742b382618a3f4e6ba.png .
is there any advice you can give to my roster ?
is it good to use vindicators in iron hands army ?
a bit of a pain since nissan canada dealers wo n't do the 3g upgrade it requires since all 2g wireless networks have been shutdown .
you went to the doctor twice and both times they told you what it wasn't but offered no alternative diagnosis ?
oh i have been there for like a year d
socialize why dont ya helps to remind you that the topics you like are pretty weird .
is your answer to all of this less or more investigations ?
i do n't know i feel like it 's the narrative equivalent of running in and fighting the ancient dragon at level 1 instead of running away .
to be sure a conversation with a player is part of those concequences but based on comments by the op that happened too .
new info i figured it out turns out one of my hard drives that i just uninstalled was my c drive all this time .
i dragged that out and the last time my ssd had been used as a hard drive was back in 2017 so i found my issue out .
these 2 qbs might be the goofiest looking with helmets on in the nfl
i didnt put my dick anywhewe neaw my cat .
i pwomised mysewf i wasnt going to make apowogy videos aftew wast yeaws thing so im just twying to be as showt and honest with this as possibwe .
thank you this is really good advice and i appreciate it .
i 'm definitely going to have to think on this .
it 's rough but you just got ta think about what you could lose and it 's easy to come back to reality
but really you are just 21 if he is n't really pressuring wo n't be good .
i think the chest looks a little off if you have the ramsgaurd scout set use that see how it looks
which is why dems got ta get barr indicted on conspiracy against us when he helped stall the whistleblower complaint from getting to congress .
he 's automatically got ta recuse or else he commits yet another crime .
and then it goes straight to supreme court right before the country goes into civil war ii trump boogaloo .
yeah hed be way cheaper than ramsay and he is a proven commodity .
seeing it in real time is amazing and interesting .
she was heralded as the voice of a generation that says enough and does something about the climate couple of months ago .
she was n't that big of a deal then .
now with her big speeches and bigger following well now suddenly there 's people coming out of the woodworks .
have n't we learned anything of the russian bots in 2016 ?
actually last year in my english class this did actually happen .
everybody did n't get their test back but the dude who got the highest grade got his back .
however historically the usn placed the cutoff at 65k ton carriers .
it 's perfectly fine to coin a new term for us hypercarriers ?
and some of the amphibious assault would be light carriers ... v/stol carriers in any other country or era
i have n't taken the actual exam two months into 2nd year but i 've been lurking on these forums since i got accepted .
i have seen a ton of score reports where people did pretty well like upwards of 235 and did n't start studying until around christmas of m2 .
you do n't need to finish a comprehensive deck to do well on step 1 .
these decks have only been around for a couple of years they 're not necessarily the be-all end-all .
plenty of score reports from people who used all kinds of strategies .
what matters is that you study the way that works best for you .
when you read about what other people are doing for board prep use it as a guideline for what you might do .
take the parts that work for you and leave the parts that do n't .
i 'm not sure where i 'll fall on the spectrum of score but i 'm hoping for 240 and i did n't really touch board material my first year .
around december of m1 i got boards and beyond so i watched the relevant videos alongside classes .
over the summer i experimented with a few anki decks and ultimately went with lightyear .
i pre-studied some microbiology but did it very lazily because i did not want to burn out .
for real this is a marathon and not a sprint .
you do not need to have the pedal to the metal for two years .
apparently holding barnett into the ground like that was legal .
can i make it play the imperial march every time i enter the room ?
it would be the first reddit meetup that is n't a sausage party .
the supporters have always been considered an integral part of a sports club .
i 've only ever heard of that being used when plagiarism or some other fraud is involved
that 's how i 'm trying to look at it .
i 'm torn between building and boosting this engine or maybe swapping something else in it .
if you think it 's that simple than the school system failed you horribly .
title is sus but this is easily one of travis best features .
also if you have n't already remember to join our discord server https discord.gg/vwdnbde !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/family if you have any questions or concerns .
does the new joker movie try do legitimize something like the patriot act like the dark knight did tho ? not saying thats why the shooting happened im just wondering if this movie is also riddled with us propaganda as in the batman having to use highly illegal surveillance techniques to catch the joker in the dark knight just as the patriot act was being implemented .
great movie tho but the propaganda was waaay on the nose .
hon 3b rage cagemeister u/king_crapper55 1-2 1b in b2 k in b3
down to two outs left cagemeister is up next .
martial is too lazy and rashford has little to no football iq they 've already peaked
i have a whetstone ready to go but it should keep its edge very well so i may have to wait a while to use it .
i would say it makes for a great hardcore spec .
the only real downside to the build is that it is slow because you have to be stationary to do your damage and a lot of guys run the build without vault .
even in like a gr110 i do n't stop channeling for one explosion .
if you run it with an esoteric you will be even tankier and probably will never need to worry about dying until you are pushing gr110 .
you get damage reduction from elusive ring lod unity aquilla vengeance dark heart mantle of channeling esoteric alteration and blade of knives bladed armor .
the only downside i would say is that once you are in there taking damage it is hard to get out so if your cheat death pops you might not be able to escape before death .
you ca n't use homing pads because you really want the mantle of channeling shoulders .
the town has a cholera outbreak in rdr2 story looks nearly there in online and i could def see them parlaying that in undead nightmare would be lovely .
what they have the leeways that they are given freedom to conduct peaceful demonstrations demanding incompetent leaders to step down expressing their views publicly especially on youth development education environment and healthcare even to the point that going to the town hall to file a complaint is something that is not useless and being taken care of by the next day by the mayor who are afraid of the power of the people .
at the end of the day your statement of both countries having no freedom of speech is utter rubbish and full of ignorance .
if you 're shipping it yourself maybe include a small 2 gift
the fact i 'm not in it plays no part in this advice .
i guess i 'm not using the right terminology but i wa n't the least possible hinderance if i upgrade .
though what your saying is that if the 144hz is the target framerate it wo n't matter what gpu is dropped in in the future .
the gpu will allow for higher settings at the same framerate .
so i guess the question becomes is this build suitable for 144hz ?
tbf he 's a robot with wild animal companions that he has tamed .
upvote this comment if it is a suicide by words .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/suicidebywords if you have any questions or concerns .
except it 's metal and they 're blasting her with fire i do n't understand why she does n't get burned .
this is n't a historically valuable or otherwise rare piece .
i can go on craigslist right now in my city and find a dozen comparable cedar chests for 50-200 .
op took something that was going into the trash and made it a nice-looking usable piece of furniture again .
remember when trump was a secret russian agent for 2 and a half years and it turned out to be a media lie .
edit it 's just a joke idk why i have to be downvoted to heck .
what are you looking to get out of the usage ?
and what do you mean tue fri wed sat ?
if those are two sample schedules i 'd say they 're good .
rotating two days off and three days off is a good idea and i have done it some but at lower doses .
when i first started using phenibut it was at around once every few weeks at around 1.2g and i was getting a pretty intense experience of everything i was looking for.. reduced anxiety focus motivation etc .
i bumped down to 800mg and then actually 500mg and found that both of those actually gave a really great day .
i also have found that i am able to dose 700mg once every 4 days .
so for example dosing mon fri tue sat..etc with three days off in beteeen .
it 's almost twice a week and i bave found minimal rebound effects .
at 500mg i feel like i am able to dose with two days off in beteeen with three days off occasionally .
everyone 's different but basically i would encourage you to find the minimal dose required for the desired effect and go from there .
i got the ea origin premier pass when then this got listed to try this and the new star wars game ... . long story short this game is like the division 2 with some weird ass story that makes zero sense .
this game and destiny are two future scifi games that are hindered by not actually figuring out a complete narrative .
i will go one step further and state the total lack of using crafting to build greatness is a joke .
same thing happened in the division 2 but at least they have exotics that are truly unique and have their own crafting and missions to attain making for more fun to do and a limit on how many you can use at a time .
cyphers this is like the movie pacific rim trying to explain drift compatible '' .. these people have no function it would have been cool if they gave some precog '' hud stuff to make it seem like they were helping you ... but nope .
freelancer sentinels archanists unneeded division that makes no sense since you work for all need to promote in all to unlock blueprints
striders the best thing to move around the jungle is a at-at from star wars ?
at least in star wars they came with weapons ...
fort tartersauce its got walls a market and no bathrooms ... oh and an old lady who thinks you are her son .
launch bay wow the coding on this is a train wreck ... want to watch your mouse disappear or a legendary to disappear go here .
it would have been more impressive to add multiple to your ft instance but they ca n't due to where people are in mission progression .
underwater i can go underwater but i ca n't fight in it ?
total waste of space that could have been made better .
let me join the dominion and go fight freelancers or sentinels in freeplay ...
i mean you could have a hunter/contract mode to hunt down other freelancers or kool shit like that but nope ... we got nada
well i can say for sure to go to authorities rather than your parents first .
you think you know them they love you but people do weird stuff sometimes when they feel like they failed .
reddit 's built-in video player often causes a momentary pause at the loop point and/or there are issues for mobile users even with reddit 's official apps .
even if you are not experiencing any issues personally these problems can still occur for other users .
therefore v.redd.it is not allowed and posts using it will not be evaluated or approved on a case-by-case basis .
please re-upload the image to an acceptable host such as but not limited to imgur http imgur.com or gfycat https gfycat.com and make a new post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/perfectloops if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it is actually made in philly now since it was bought by kraft
2 secs later listen up good people of the city .
as a person who watched next to none of that show i am moderately impressed
there was too much bullshit ducky did n't deserve this .
my first thought was do they not like ertz or did they just want to split up the wr and te groups then said fuck it ? ''
he is beating her because she has a differing opinion .
this is not kinky fun nor even domestic discipline .
he is hitting her because he is not getting his way .
it sounds like you 've reflected on those times and hopefully found a better balance .
i hope the more recent years of your life have been comparatively better or even great .
i hated that plot point so much but i have to admit this made me laugh .
wholesome post i 'm glad someone else is also still interested in buying the game
it takes me at least 3 weeks to fully level a 5 and that is with putting most of my resources into them .
i was also asking myself this same question as i am in the same shoes as you !
the thing is even if the ps5 gets released next year it will probably lack games and be buggy for the first 2yrs before it can brag of a decent game library .
whereas you are spoilt for choice with the ps4 .
that aside the ps5 will be crazy expensive on launch and will take awhile before the much preferred slim version is released .
i have given it much thoughts and i think i 'll be getting the slim simply because i am not crazy about the pros increased graphics .
the slim runs every game smoothly and does infact look good on a tv with hdr .
but if you do own a 4k tv and extra cash to throw around then there is no harm getting the pro .
i think the bundle deal you mentioned is a real good deal i would get that if it was on amazon but since it 's not am stuck waiting for blackfriday and hoping a deal such as that is on sale that day .
a sorcerer is basically the same as a wizard but ‘sorcerer ' sounds more powerful and omnipotent than ‘wizard ' .
the name ‘sourcerer ' sounds positive as it implies that your product is powerful and capable of achieving magical in other words wonderful things .
sorcerers can be evil but if i saw ‘sourcerer ' as a product i would not think ‘this must be a bad product because sorcerers are evil ' .
associating your product with sorcerers is also great because your product is used to search for other things and sorcerers are wise and know the answers to many things .
calling this product ‘sourcerer ' will make people think yes this product will have the answer to my question .
all in all i love this name and recommend it .
trump you may be high and mighty but i actually affect the world ''
this has been a point since they had the wheel '' when they made the extra zones .
then 100 140 needs to be the new zone .
i need to know i will find 3 fire trucks .
if inplay a sub ill find 3 parks with see saws .
needs to have a chance to spawn 3 or more of these things ... . like you say it can be done with a little intelligence and care .
it 's so simple but we will just get it will be looked at in season15 .
how do people think nazi symbols are cool '' ?
this guy looks like a complete douche and i sincerely hope walks into a bathroom full of elite supersoldiers from the mossad who make him disappear .
as a reminder before posting you must read our stickied post https www.reddit.com/r/cursedimages/comments/cysc7w/read_this_before_posting .
we also have a twitter you should follow https twitter.com/alltherices if you like cursed images .
this is to help spread the message of what real cursed images are out .
assist us in that by following if you 'd like .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cursedimages if you have any questions or concerns .
that tweet sounds like me and my shitty friends ' conversations at lunch when we were 15 .
your opponent is toxic for not letting you score in the 1v1 ?
this is n't mw2 trickshots get that ish outta here lol toxic because he wants to win lol
i 'll double check but i think it 's all stock .
probably going to flashbang myself but i 'll try it lol
a meme is typically something taking a simple form short video picture or phrase that portrays or references a bigger societal asspect .
main point is they convey a relatable but more complex idea or event in a brief manner .
it 's the experienced crowd that got into it when certifications were either non-existent or not as reputable or they just got lucky .
certs are valuable for junior people to actually get into the industry get through hr and make themselves stand out .
i do think you have a point about easy/generic certs regardless i 'm talking about harder certs like rhcsa .
he controls the departments who will be issued subpoenas and other requests .
all he has to do is order them to refuse to cooperate .
he controls the doj who would be responsible for forcing the above departments to comply .
he only needs 34 senators who no matter what will refuse to vote to convict/remove .
if it ends tied 0-0 can it just be a loss for both teams please ?
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
i wonder if they have ever been bowling in their life considering they live off their dads money or was i feel they never went bowling in their life what a shame lol .
i 'm literally scavenging this site right now bc i 'm in the same boat just got my first cart and i wan na try it out but i was not expecting to find some bisco fam on here lmao !
i looooooove looking in the mirror when my boyfriend is fucking me from behind .
watching his reaction is such a fucking turn on .
imagine putting on and taking off your night vision in vr .
the way you make it sound is that you have not actually purchased it yet .
i 'm the same height and have had some stomach problems over the past year .
i dropped to about 105 and my doctor started telling me i 'm underweight you could certainly stand to gain some for your health !
having been where you are before i know that 's easier said than done but this internet stranger is really proud of you for realizing you could use some help .
i highly recommend seeing a dietitian in addition to your therapist it really helped me a lot .
how long do you reckon this 'll stay up ?
this usa today article that this comment thread belongs to .
i love the drop shot it 's one of my favorite ways to fish with my spinner !
i always did think that looked like an empty eye socket on the side of the sword
i would try to frame the two fields differently though .
i do n't think mentioning how there 's relevant material between the two fields is a compelling reason as to why you want to be a lawyer .
maybe you can talk about how the overlap between the two fields interests you or how the seeing the overlap made you realize you could combine your two interests the environment and law .
last er guided low af which is why it beat so handily today .
it tanked because the recent run up was based on the idea that the cycle was bottoming .
this er showed that the trade war is dragging out the bottom .
if they are grey and mushy on cast iron you are n't heating the pan high enough .
as long as the pan is properly seasoned put it on the stove on high heat and let it heat up empty till the pan starts smoking .
i prefer burgers to be room temp so i can leave the inside rare and get a good outer crust .
once pan is smoking just flip the burgers in and let it sear each side for a few mins
ps4 maybe there are more for xbox but ps4 is n't barren .
in fact they have a feature where yuh can pay small amounts for really good additions made by other players .
so first you say you support piracy and that this post is fine but just needs to be edited to clarify .
as i 'm sure you 're aware you ca n't edit a post title .
i then removed it to solve the problem which you say i should n't have done ?
but now that i have removed it you 've said i 'm going to get the entire community banned for piracy .
i did n't even share the pdf a therapist did .
who would have thought that subsidized private insurance was going to be a fucking disaster ?
i am in the same boat as you in a different state .
can ya do me a solid and ask for me too ?
i do n't know any cat who does n't like to be scratched behind their ears or under their chin !
your post was removed because your account needs at least 10 post and 10 comment karma .
please feel free to post here when you obtain some more karma .
it 's really not that hard do n't be lazy .
if you think that this was removed in error please contact the mod team .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubehaiku if you have any questions or concerns .
i stopped by there after work just to see for myself confirmed the trail rolls on unimpeded
i would have emphasized that great intellect is nothing without kindness .
can we yote him with a yc9 just to make sure he does n't come back ?
you can have suburbs that resemble a city in that they 're walkable and have public transit .
i grew up in one and i miss it immensely .
they are all adorable little towns again referring to the ones near me .
my magic healing shovel that caused pain just like a normal one but did a 1d10 per whack the rest of the party hated it
needed to see it after the posts i 've been leaving lately .
for your safety and my dog 's safety please ask .
just do n't ask why not if someone tells you no .
my dog is cool with strangers but others may not be .
i have a hardly used pair with box and everything if youre interested .
not specifically looking to sell but i just dont use them enough .
very good but you should try putting this on the brawl stars competitive reddit .
plus the person that they 'd train to be the host in 17 years is probably about 5 or 6 years old right now
have fun study take some aps join extracurriculars and make some memories
it 's a tank made to fit that actually comes out if you want it to easier to clean that way
i need a garage for projects ... my projects have always been my daily and it sucks having to get things done to be able to make it to work on monday .
first project for me is going to be a first gen neon .
strip the fucker build a little 2.0 dohc and have a decent summer daily/auto-x car
i 'm just saying treating people poorly is no way to rehabilitate them and only backs them into a corner where they 'll take extreme measures .
that shield is the one on actual issued knives .
there were some extremely minor differences between the two companies but they had to meet the same standard .
the new ones are all called standard issues based on the victorinox website and are made by victorinox .
the more common stylized shield is the victorinox logo and is present on knives sold to the civilian market .
wow i really should have expected you would give me a nah you wrong '' type argument with zero thought or reason behind it aside from you said so .
well abortion is a genocide that kills almost 1 million a year .
except that it is n't because there are scientific differences between human beings and fetuses so you you need to be willfully ignorant of that fact or what constitutes a genocide '' in order to support such a ridiculous argument .
because it could be said fetus ' are outliers .
care to explain why the human reproductive system is as much of an outlier as uncommon medical conditions ?
gods it makes me laugh how much in common people with horrid argument have with one another .
except based on the fact you are consistently trying to use the worse examples of humanity to support this argument '' in regards to abortion proves this not to be the case so why are you admitting to being a liar ?
you should feel ashamed of yourself of having to stoop this fucking low in order to disagree with me .
except stating biased ignorant takes to justify a horrd argument is hardly pointing out double standards so ... ?
i already pointed out why your argument was stupid so idk what you think saying u wrong '' accomplishes .
you did n't answer my question on when you grant people their right to life ?
just cause you do n't accept it does n't magically change it from not being my answer .
well if what i said is true then you are allowing people to kill innocent humans .
also i could have said the exact same thing to you as what you believe is a personal belief ... .
how is wanting society to decide for themselves a personal belief ?
literally the stupidest way to argue against me you got ta be trolling at this point .
we are far bigger than a bundle '' as you ignorantly try to assert in order to dismiss my point and proves you have no idea what you are talking about .
that they will mature enough to be considered a fully formed human so i dont see the point of giving them that consideration due to antiquated morality .
i agree but rape still happens should we make it legal ?
rape happens because people are selfish and dont understand consent whereas abortion happens because humans should be allowed to control when they decide to have children and the fact you are trying to compare those topics is fucking despicable and you should honestly feel ashamed of yourself .
i did n't insult you once did n't insult your opinion or anything like that .
irrelevantly comparing my argument as akin to nazi doctrine or white supremacy is n't insulting in your eyes ?
i could type more but i am honestly to disgusted to waste anymore of my time with you .
was n't the point what makes a person smart ? ''
i 'm not a fan but let 's at least be factual here .
the liberals were playing games with accounting too and have been for years .
the point is we have very high debt and need to stop borrowing money .
would want to see what they look like before committing and like another said i 'd want to get an idea of price .
if i ca n't see a photo i 'd still want to know about the construction details !
it baffles me and i do n't like it .
another weird thing is that the model is '1460 oak analine ' .
when i google this model they all have a cream white edge above the sole where the stitching is .
well yes but if you think about our modern world administration it already sucks .
imagine that expanded out to millions of world 's with weeks to months of travel time ... even if you 're administrators were the best of the best there are bound to be as many failures as successes .
i 'd be going through his friends facebook and ig pictures looking for someone wearing mint green pants .
it 's not like there are going to be dozens of women who wear those .
so you are trying to say rep 3s can parry deadly feints ?
i 've met much higher rep players that ca n't do it
it was never about the server itself its the perfect conspiracy theory because they can let people 's imaginations run wild with all the horrible and illegal things that were on the server and ca n't be proven .
did hrc run a child molestation ring under a pizza restaurant ?
did hrc coordinate 9 independent agencies to illegally sell uranium to russia all while pushing tough sanctions against them ?
we can only hope we make it through this period with as little damage as possible and then put new safeguards in place to prevent people like this from making it into positions of power in the future .
cabellos has been the most lively of the 3 and i am using a 4-2-3-1 system .
now i know we do n't like man u here but mctominay has been class for them and he has been consistent and he has started every game for them .
it probably stems from a time when cashiers would be stood behind a counter and also perform various fetch tasks as part of the job .
a supermarket cashier is basically a desk job at this point .
i 'm having the same bloody problem with code vein now and i 'm convinced it 's something on steam 's end my drive has no problems with other stuff .
steam on the other hand struggles download anything without some kind of error or drop to 0 kbps .
jokes on you my rgb is set to monitor temps .
when it turns red i have amazing speed and a fire hazard .
i was scared of emailing them more in case my bowl came broken or something.i feel like they 'll be petty but
but now i know got ta email them everyday .
anger problems along with a slew of anxieties and insecurities .
i must of missed the help me russia '' because they did n't find shit in that mueller report except some process crimes and tax evasion from a decade ago .
what else does the common person know her from other than that one funny christmas snl skit with alec baldwin ?
obviously they 're not gon na be allowed to talk about it until the skin line gets revealed especially since it 's most likely the collaboration with lv .
automatically assuming they 're not talking about it because they want people to have less time to grind is so childish .
carmack wed like obvious other things like higher resolution displays faster refresh and powerful soc with infinite battery life .
honestly we still in vr beta up in here .
i think his interview on jre said it good .
there 's a time and place for the void style tracking and peripherals or just toss a headset on and netflix or in between in your home .
if a headset could do all 3 this would be baller .
the thing is that the uua is not a separate thing from your congregation .
the uua is the embodiment of the covenant between uu congregations paraphrased from rev .
a congregation should pay its fair share because it is contributing to a pool of resources available to all uus and uu congregations across the country .
congregations giving their fair share allows the uua to run programs for all ages especially youth and young adults make sure that congregations have educational resources worship resources and more .
in short the congregations are paying for the uua to operate and provide the essential resources support and community that unitarian universalists across the country need .
for full disclosure i am a member of the uua board of trustees .
welp time to find the nearest tall building with windows .
do think the impact from the 7th story will be enough ?
i would believe it but their lawyer was bitching about the nyt outing them .
i doubt term 's win percentage is good compared to other top players .
saw this exact same conversation on a different picture in another sub just a few days ago .
how dare he fucking watermark it with his name too .
essentially what you 've said is you want everyone to be on a level playing field but do n't want to start an ironman account ?
so you do n't actually want a level playing field because you already took advantage of mtx to a point where you are happy in the game and now you do n't want other players to be able to do the same .
get a second opinion from a vet who specializes in sport dog injuries .
while making a meme saying cake day memes suck you made a decent meme
dismantle an exotic and you 'll get 2 components .
the gripe here for the op is that at some point you 'll have them all and dismantle the extras you have then have nothing to do with them as you 've upgraded all the exotics to 500 .
every form of transport has a sweet spot of usage .
this is relative to the size of vehicles used as everything is capable of having traffic jams .
once shit jams up capacity will drop as you add more vehicles to cope with more demand .
this is why transit gets their own lanes so the most prone to traffic jams type of vehicles private cars do n't make buses jam too .
you get those sardine cans because at that point you ca n't add more capacity by adding more buses .
light rail and trams are essentially much bigger buses and can boost the lane 's capacity further .
but then you have to push even the buses away so they wo n't jam up the trains .
mixing up a busy bus lane and a tram lane defeats the point of having a tram in there .
if there 's enough demand even purpose-built grade-separated commuter trains and metro trains can jam up .
then you just got ta keep building parallel lines and hope for the best .
he 's saying that he 's got a string of texts from the state dept . ''
i really hope that there is a warrant for those .
and they might originate from there but they 're from kurt volker an unpaid state dept .
volker is an unpaid volunteer serving as an envoy to ukraine .
it 's questionable to refer to him as the top us diplomat '' to that country .
why does state permit a part-time unpaid person have what surely would be a full time paid position ?
i was married for some of the time i was going to sex workers .
i am in a long term relationship now and am monogamous with the exception of ffm threesomes that she approves of like at swingers clubs or with sex workers when we travel overseas .
i wo n't hesitate to ask my so to do some kinky shit and she does .
but at the same time the beauty of a sex worker is you can try some odd stuff that you 're not sure if you will like and if it is super awkward you never have to see her again .
but by and large i ca n't think of anything i would n't just try with my so and laugh about if it was awkward .
there 's also stuff the right sex worker will/can do that my so wouldn't/i would n't want to stuff like fisting/anal fisting her .
but while it has been cool to try that incidentally with a one night stand and not a sex worker it 's not really my thing enough that i have any desire to cheat to get it .
brothers i have found the origin of this imagery .
be wary while inspecting it however as it is tainted by chaos .
obama then proceeded to continue warmongering like all other us presidents before him .
i will never listen to the song the same again 😂
i dont know if this is rampant everywhere or not but people in my town do this shit all the time and it drives me goddamn crazy .
a little midwest industries is gone all the eotechs and the cz want to try and keep it fair for everyone pm me which ones you 're interested in
they specifically just did n't want them on eldraine talking animals are generally fine
the only good thing from this season ... nicole .
not just that also because of gambling betting and cash out sites
the humans who die in one shot are n't really included idk .
the lantern guys ca n't the big tanky minibosses ca n't and neither can canker .
all adusted gold and malicious bane sold out within hours .
most locals had none in stock from the get go .
i was one of the only two who pre ordered .
i heard it was in other card games like dbz weiss .
meta players would go in and buy out all the meta staples from the singles stock leaving nothing valuable left over .
malicious bane was n't even pulled but the adusted golds quickly got depleted .
i decided to get rid of all my structure deck staples cuz of it and move that part of the collection
unless they keep current weapons this is not needed at all .
i cant remember a time when i crafted my own guns i always pvp for them .
if this is implemeted the wrong way you would see less guns and more gun parts in military crates for example .
can you atleast argue the matter via replying instead of downvoting ?
late af but the nfl phone app is the greatest thing ever .
maybe roll it back to 10-15 years.. invest in apple/google
with no other mods does the performance feel good ?
when i told my dad all he said was oh ok '' then asked me if i 'd seen the film split .
do n't worry when i said how due to films like that people often ask about murderous alters etc .
he laughed and said they were stupid for asking that and believing hollywood .
my mum told me to tell my mental health specialist at the time .
my partner pretty much just listened to me and said he 'd support me etc .
and later confirmed who he was going out with exactly
so do we need to call you something different or ... will you tell us when to ? ''
he actually does support getting rid of the filibuster .
they tell the girls not to say no but no one tells the boys the same thing .
i 've been 6'1 since i was fourteen and that coupled with my introverted awkwardness meant guys were n't lining up to ask me dance .
finally around age sixteen i was tired of being a sullen wallflower at dances so i started asking guys instead .
i got turned down a lot and it did n't hurt my feelings .
why tf would i want to dance with someone if they were n't at least open to dancing with me to begin with ?
i see where they 're coming from they 're trying to get the youth more involved but it sends the wrong message about basic consent .
yeah he certainly has n't played 50 good games in a row
riddle me this so between age 18-26 odd with all his supposed ability that is n't just running fast why could n't he get a start anyway ?
it 's not my favourite but i quite like the way dawn of the planet of the apes starts with a zoom out from cesar 's eyes and finishes with a zoom in on them .
its also wanting to fuck a furry which is also illegal
he said he 'll never look at them again .
but you 're right it 's trusting what he says to me as being truth about how he sees and feels about me
must be an exhaust leak into the cabin my eyes are watery
since you have posted with an account that is either very new or has very low participation on reddit your post has been automatically removed .
this is a safeguard to help prevent throwaway spam accounts from being able to post spam .
before contacting the moderators to request approval please check over the r/fitness wiki https thefitness.wiki to see if your question can be answered by our existing resources .
click here to search past threads on r/fitness https www.reddit.com/r/fitness/search ? q restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on
in addition please make sure to read over the rules https old.reddit.com/r/fitness/wiki/intro wiki_posting_rules and make sure your question is not breaking any of them .
if you have done all of this and still did n't find an answer to your question you may contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffitness amp subject=please+reapprove amp message=/r/fitness/comments/d9zn1a/losing_weight_but_i_feel_i_look_the_same for review of your post .
keep in mind however that if your thread breaks the posting rules it will not be approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitness if you have any questions or concerns .
i hit the limit 2 months back and finally stopped using the bandit mantle .
is it an online book by twelve winged dark angel seraphim ?
do not date the first 3 people you met in your life .
your friend would n't have started calling your 4th lover the rejector
not me but took u/tiglathepilesar 's idea and got a resistance band for my pull up bar so my kids could start doing them and learning the proper form .
my goal for october might be to ride every day .
i did it in june and it was a lot of fun .
sept might be my lowest mileage month of the year between school starting and illness so i need to bounce back .
that can help you get the last remaining enemies on each level that wo n't leave the location where they 're camped .
honestly the back up helicopter is useless for most of the game and this mode is the only time it actually works well .
i wonder if you can call in airstrikes from merryweather in survival .
i 'd be inclined to advance just to get a feel for what a difference advancement makes on the character .
a lot of players paying a little is better than a few players paying a lot ''
not even for the cap savings but i wan na dump his ass to utica just so he leaves his cushy vancouver life and actually earn a living
oh so that 's why thank you for enlightening us
twirl it on the fork with a spoon pretty easy not to make a mess .
i could still fuck up but i do n't think there 's a big risk there .
you know this is a reddit not actual nintendo customer support .
i do warm up in creative have 40 hours in kovaak 's .
i think it 's just my game sense/decision making that 's the problem because i 've seen people i can comfortably beat in 1v1 get kills way easier than me just by making smarter plays
hey where did all my levels go ? ? ?
do n't be afraid to seek help if you need it .
embrace the suck it gets better and easier with time .
and take things slow do n't over do things in the early stages .
it was i sat there for a good 10 minutes after the super over not sure what to do
there 's this app called anybook on playstore..it has a ton of free books apparently goggin 's book is in it .
its called ca n't hurt me master your mind and defy the odds
i 'd recommend taking your time and reading this book theres a lot to take away from every chapter .
i swear when im reading the story it feels like im watching an episode of naruto or something !
listen its alright if you arent the topper of the class .
dont listen to the teachers they are going to give you social anxiety and depression .
go to the high school your friend goes to not where your mother recommended .
no one will love you even when you are extrovert .
fire emblem and astral chain are both very much so anime games that came out recently and did very well .
your image post has been removed because the title has not been properly tagged .
please familiarize yourself https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/wiki/guidelines with our posting guidelines and then re-submit your post with the appropriate bracketed tag in the title as shown below along with the required accompanying information .
simply flairing your post does not fulfill the image tag requirements .
if you feel this was removed in error please send us a modmail using the link at the bottom of this message .
comic excerpt my favorite barry allen moment crisis on infinite earths 8
comic excerpt remember to also properly source your excerpt https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/wiki/guidelines wiki_4._indicate_the_source_when_submitting_excerpts_or_artwork with the issue or the name of the trade in the title of your post .
urls to piracy sites https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/wiki/guidelines wiki_7._no_pirated_material are not allowed either .
and lastly if the comic was published in the last year be sure to properly mark it as a spoiler https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/wiki/guidelines wiki_3._indicate_spoilers.2c_do_not_submit_links_with_spoilers_in_text .
artwork remember that artwork must be properly credited https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/wiki/guidelines wiki_4._indicate_the_source_when_submitting_excerpts_or_artwork with either the artist 's name in the title of the post or a link to the artist 's site .
cover covers submissions must contain either the issue or the name of the artist in the title of the post .
fan art remember that artwork must be properly credited https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/wiki/guidelines wiki_4._indicate_the_source_when_submitting_excerpts_or_artwork with either the artist 's name in the title of the post or a link to the artist 's site .
film/tv screenshots from television shows or movies must be sourced in the title of the post https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/wiki/guidelines wiki_4._indicate_the_source_when_submitting_excerpts_or_artwork .
video games screenshots from video games must be sourced in the title of the post https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/wiki/guidelines wiki_4._indicate_the_source_when_submitting_excerpts_or_artwork .
cosplay if you are not posting your own work please credit the cosplayer in the title of the post .
collection pictures of book collections are subject to the low effort rule https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/wiki/guidelines wiki_8._no_memes.2c_fluff.2c_or_other_low-effort_content if they are not exceptional .
a picture of a few trades laid out on a bedsheet is not exceptional .
consider sharing this in the thursday collection and purchases thread instead https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/search ? q=showcase+collection+purchases restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all .
merchandise pictures of merchandise are subject to the low effort rule https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/wiki/guidelines wiki_8._no_memes.2c_fluff.2c_or_other_low-effort_content if they are not exceptional .
a picture of an action figure in its box is not exceptional .
consider sharing this in the thursday collection and purchases thread instead https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/search ? q=showcase+collection+purchases restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all .
discussion you may post a picture to ignite discussion but you must begin the discussion yourself either in a self-post or in a comment .
note that excerpts are still subject to the guidelines on sourcing https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/wiki/guidelines wiki_4._indicate_the_source_when_submitting_excerpts_or_artwork and spoilers https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/wiki/guidelines wiki_3._indicate_spoilers.2c_do_not_submit_links_with_spoilers_in_text
other for any images that do n't fall into the above categories .
do n't submit memes or low-effort fluff https www.reddit.com/r/dccomics/wiki/guidelines wiki_8._no_memes.2c_fluff.2c_or_other_low-effort_content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dccomics if you have any questions or concerns .
i am getting the same thing right now it seems i can still call with people and it works though ...
i 'd wait another 5 years before making the call .
11 year old me would n't need it but 16 year old me would .
i 'd tell that little bastard to stand up to his father sooner ask tony out do n't fucking talk to miriam and start writing and drawing more .
also push to learn the guitar and drums and to try to be less of an annoying shit and make more friends .
also that everything will be ok and it 's fine to be alone sometimes .
also do n't take calc 2 in your first semester of college .
nobody likes a copycat you mug turn it in you weak piece of piss 😂🤣
no advocating violence brigading bigotry trolling or being a dick to other people here .
see the sidebar for the full version of the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/the_mueller if you have any questions or concerns .
me when i was in college and a pint of ice cream was 7 or more
hell at least it 's better than people saying eckeler
lol yawar part is super fun for people who get that language .
man choose virgin airlines.. it 's still not like the photo but the food was better than any other airline i 've been on and as long as you can handle your shit you can get shit tanked for free .
gene that is pulling another gene which is pulling another gene
hey i 'm in swfl pm me if you wan na meet up
this is a grenade build i 'm using on moze .
i can solo circle of slaughter on mayhem 3 without dying once .
i 'm using a mitosis hex nade that homes in on enemies .
crazy thing is it not only regens my health but it regens my nades and ammo .
i never have to reload even without the cap in bottomless mags .
i do n't think the xi has 8 's ost
i 'm failing to see where the quote comes from .
if not a lot of merchants will directly accept master card and visa .
also if you are willing to sign up for rabbit line pay they ask for a lot of personal information other line users can send you money directly .
sitting down is n't the most comfortable thing but luckily my pp is so small there 's plenty of room .
i pull my belt up so my gun is in front of my belly button so it 's comfortable
pretty sure someone has that one lying in a drawer somewhere
i used to be nervous about shifting at school .
but now i 'm a 32 yr old man i shit at an above average rate in my son 's grade 1 toilets .
i like how their small size means i need to tuck my dick into a tight squeeze and puts me in more of a squatting position so it all just comes out in one solid log .
this does n't fit her usual aesthetic but i am enjoying it ... for purely selfish reasons .
i 'm a muslim who converted to the religion .
i 'm sorry but you have a flawed understanding of the religion if you think these things .
second you need to look at the overall picture .
god created you and me and showered you with blessings kept you safe and fed throughout your life .
deliberately turning away from him and disobeying him makes you the lowest of all creation and the most ungrateful .
that 's not to say that christians and jews will be punished the quran says that they should n't fear on judgement day .
i could go on further but i 'd recommend reading the lengthy discussions on r/islam if you 're not going to talk to muslims in person .
i love the fact that dogs and cats freak out so differently .
dogs will have a full physical reaction whereas cats just go still with short movements like sitting up or moving to a secured position .
i tried to get this chicken hot pocket kind of frozen food and it took me about 20 minutes to get up from the couch get it out of the freezer put it in the microwave and take it out .
and it only cooked for around 5 minutes all while my friend was laughing his ass off
it 's specifically designed for infants and small children experiencing an illness that involves vomiting or diarrhea .
hence the name pedia meaning child think pediatrician and lyte which is the last bit of electrolyte .
the actual resolution of this image is 3214x2414 not 4592x3448 .
see this https www.reddit.com/r/earthporn/wiki/index wiki_resolution.3f_what_is_that_and_how_can_i_find_it.3f page for information on how to find out what the resolution of an image is .
if the resolution is smaller than you expected it is likely due to uploading from a mobile device causing automatic downscaling .
if the resolution is inverted it is likely that the app you used to find the resolution does n't respect the convention of using width x height format https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/image_resolution pixel_resolution .
too many have n't ever stayed up to watch a pac12 game
whips out schlong this is my stand star platinum !
shows england are a hop short when they played them !
i 've never thought this could be possible but miami is trying to be historically terrible .
he was investigating the owner of burisma for potential embezzlement of public funds tax evasion and awarding of gas licenses to the company .
he did n't start the investigation though the previous prosecutor did shokin took over when the previous guy was fired/resigned .
standard bastardization of information theory https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/information_theory which has likely be obtained from the engineering wing of the creationist population .
the key you 'll have to see here is that nothing in there says there has to be an intelligent source to your signal .
that 's just something they shoehorn in because they are used to looking for signals in noise because they put those signals in there .
i learned about information theory in the context of storing information and a bit in signal interpretation so i absolutely can not see how this argument functions .
i can get information from rays of light which makes sense as that 's how plants do their thing so i can see no problems in emergent procedural systems in the context of information theory .
monarch if you like playing in the same titan the whole game and becoming god
that 's possible but it 's also just a biological difference in the sexes .
i mean if you look at it while trying to keep feelings out it seems to be that women got the better deal of that .
being extremely smart kinda sucks and very often makes for a sad life while being extremely stupid has it 's own obvious shortcomings .
again still nothing to back up your claim about the rex and you can stop joking about the zip
the 33rd does n't change recoil or firerate it 's still a downgrade to the tec-9
i 'm on the west coast az and can trade really quick for the quest !
it was low hanging fruit but i work with what i 'm given
even after calling him on his bullshit he still thinks he can convince me he walks on water .
he 's also the kind of person who asks how your weekend went just so you 'll ask him the same and he can barf how amazing he is all over you .
i think he 's horribly insecure and does n't know how to handle it but it can get to be too much sometimes .
she is very pretty but i 'm not digging the brows .
im curious why i should trust this persons statement ?
how the hell was that a i know what you are '' statement ?
they and the indian army also claimed and still claim they had killed 350 militants '' in balakot
is it republican for insert state name here '' ?
it 's not like they do n't know this .
either the calamitas would be destroyed and literally erase him or he would get glassed .
well they truely are https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=moowpiutla0 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=moowpiutla0
not much to talk about it 's maybe more one sided than the england usa game
there are a lot of cool things that are pumpkin flavored other than beer !
john dean was fired so pay attention to people being fired ?
well if you can raise byleth 's stat fast enough in part 1 you can get a good chunk of students and knights of seiros .
maybe when i play blue lions or golden deer i 'll see how many i can get .
i went into the game intentionally blind on my first playthrough and i had a game save just before the paths split so i opened that up to do the black eagle church path second without going through part 1 with them again .
when i 'm done with that i 'm going to start completely over with blue lions and then golden deer last .
disappointed they only played 13 songs for 70 minutes .
i got mezco punisher a couple of weeks ago but got the other two on my way to work today .
i 'm still a little salty about the elbows on mezco punisher but the outfit and detailing make it such a great looking figure .
i 'll have to try em out are they distillate carts ?
but if i wanted to do hybrid mixing would the setup be something like this ... ?
• the audio interface goes into the usb port of my computer
• the output of the interface goes into the mixer
they did n't know how freckles worked as protection or if they could take a ginger soul .
r/treelaw is a popcorn sub see r/legaladvice for lawyers .
0. do n't agree to anything verbally or in writing .
1. collect satellite imagery and and photos to show what they looked like .
2. obtain a licensed aborists quote to value them .
3. hire a surveyor so you have your own data on property lines .
still wan na highlight the fact that my man went straight from making fortnite youtube thumbnails and minecraft sick editings to scamming people and impersonating sellers in order to do so .
how hard is it to find an 18 year old and not go to jail for 26 years ?
can you please clarify how that post eloquent and informative though it is addresses the question ?
what it seems the op is getting at is the level of awareness or lack thereof the framers has toward specific guns that are allegedly somewhat related to the automatic weapons of today .
or is the premise perhaps flawed to begin with ?
i do n't know all of these that op lists but i think that some of them do n't exist outside of one or two models and my understanding of others is that they did n't resemble automatic weapons until years after the bill of rights was developed .
so i think what needs to be answered here is really given our knowledge of firearms that existed at the time is it disingenuous to claim that the founders knew that the second amendment would include protection for weapons that could be considered automatic by today 's standards ?
or if not that then is the premise even accurate to begin with ?
it seems that none of these studies controlled for calories .
the closest they get is 24 hour recalls which are notoriously unreliable .
however when nuts were added to an existing diet without controlling for energy intake body weight increased although to a lesser extent than theoretically predicted
nearly every time he spoke in season 2 had me laughing i absolutely love h.u.e
it 's basically because people are have very strong opinions about milsim in general some enjoy it some do n't and vocalise it
and some people feel very strongly about squad being labelled a milsim game .
personally i think it is milsim as the use of real world equipment and locations makes it a milsim by definition .
i was watching that stream on the members-only instagram for his fitness company .
if i recall correctly he said he 'd been getting those calls almost constantly because someone had posted his number somewhere after finding it online .
he was incredibly angry as he should be after that kind of privacy violation
i know the show diverged from the books a lot especially later on .
i was a bit apprehensive about getting into the books since the series is n't finished yet .
i have some hope that the winds of winter will be out next year ... the last book ?
man i hope it does n't take another decade .
what you felt about the show 's end was definitely not uncommon .
it was a gut-punch that i 've never felt from a tv show or a movie .
shit ... yeah just where we are i had to start worring about frost and heavy rain .
with this post i 'm trying to say that reddit depression and music have no correlation .
do n't say you 're depressed just because you think it 's cool or because you use reddit .
i know some people here legitimately have depression but that 's different .
i 'm saying do n't pretend to be depressed because it 's cool ''
i 'm on ps4 pro crashing here as well .
i just got to the last wave of the last round of circle of slaughter with a great group of people and it crashed as i was trying to get a second wind .
when an asshole on the internet decides to joke on a video of a potentially fatal accident because they dislike the job the people do .
nothing shady it just means whatever being sold on the site are older stock manufactured before 2019 .
it seems that the brand uzu uz in america by flowfushi is re-releasing their popular products with a slightly new logo .
the lip 38c essense is turning into lip 38c/100f lol .
if it 's based on next-generation dna sequencing how can they already have done it ?
my prayers go out to him my mom passed last year and she was my best friend had to have been awful to have it happen while they were together .
that 's why i asked you to ask the community rather arguing with me .
you want society to improve yet you participate in it ?
the only thing your theory hit was talking about roger .
the chapter clearly tells garp being the one quelled the crew with roger 's help .
do n't just give the feat the roger coz he is the pirate king .
james killed it once he will kill it again this time .
i think i just had an existential crisis reading that .
as an american your economy is important but not as important as ostracizing a tyrant .
all sudden new names popping up outta no where .
good excuse to go to nola and get a grenade and wander around the quarter
for female figures you should be able to pop the arms out but hot tap water wo n't cut it .
you 're going to need to boil them no more than 2 minutes and under constant supervision or heat the joints up with a hair dryer .
either way if the figure is hot enough you can remove the arms from the torso with no damage to the figure .
male figures are a whole other breed and a pain in the ass to arm swap .
yet certain individuals/families can amass multi-billions of dollars while millions of workers can barely pay rent .
a firm 's ceo 's compensation divided among that firm 's workers is pennies more an hour .
you went above and beyond by sending a cash gift plus the cost of your plates .
you can describe racists by whatever term is affected by the legal context as well .
and it 's not like you can control how you feel about other people you can only influence it with therapy a lot of racism is subconscious or unintended .
brushing my teeth in the morning had deep heat on the bathroom sink in a squeeze packet.. you know the rest
i like what quark says when he and sisko are held '' by the dominion the first time .
humans used to be a lot worse than ferengi ''
we have nothing in our past that approaches that kind of barbarism .
we 're nothing like you we 're better . ''
you can not individually change the structural mode of production i.e .
or choosing not to work for an employer you do n't support ?
if you are n't in grinding poverty where you have no mode of transport you 're capable of influencing that relationship .
individuals recognizing the negative utility of working and choosing to do something else instead is what determines employee wages for instance .
just as you can not change the relationship between the serf/peasant and the lord as these class relationships are built into that economic mode of production .
you just ca n't change the capitalist mode and relation in the same way you changed the feudal one .
the power of capitalism is that all individuals are actually free .
it 's the freedom that people have that in turn builds giant corporations which in turn burdens others who would compete with them .
'' fun '' fact the word landlord is rooted in this history .
the difference is that there 's no single landlord to overthrow to free everyone from his yoke .
modern landlords are in the position that they are because they 're investing in property and renting it out .
bad landlords who invest badly in their property today have two options in modern business relations go out of business or become a protected class .
the government enshrines their position as current landlords in a bid to control prices for rental consumers then they ca n't be truly overthrown .
they 'll invest the bare minimum in the property they are legally obliged to retain .
if you want to change that you 'll have to allow the state to manage the property like a business .
the scarcity of funds to maintain the property will always be there .
it 's just a matter of shuffling around deck chairs on the titanic .
do you want the state to appoint land lords or do you trust the ones we have now ?
and if you trust neither you 're left with yourself to trust to maintain the property .
pick any scenario you 'd like and you 're still stuck on square one .
i looked all over but all i could find was two marbles and a macaroni ! ''
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
what i could see happening 1 tank 1 plane 1 vessel and 1 helicopter .
unfortunately though this would mean the germans and americans would have to wait for their first event vessel .
what kinda mod do i have to install to get daytime lijang ?
that dude is pretty good that 's wild who would have guessed
yea it 'll drop off ... .adds later on drop the same weapons
we 've got a similar tunnel system below our school .
holds the bulk of the network and electrical cabling .
makes everything way easier to work on when there 's a problem .
this is the kind of shit that i ca n't get enough of but also ca n't send to any of my friends because none of them would get it
i woke up when i realized that it never had to happen again .
that if i did n't do this one thing my life would n't get worse .
expansions dlc and microtransactions are just different flavors of ice cream .
i do n't know why people think she ca n't think for herself .
i was very aware smart and well spoken at her age .
she comes from a better educated country than most on the planet .
i 'm personally a big fan of la stella and am glad he 's back .
i just found it funny to reactivate a player with a handful of games left because i assumed they 'd just give him the rest of the season to rehab .
i think they give way too much gold honestly .
my compromise solution would be to make the squishier platings first ones give less gold and the tankier ones later ones to give more equaling out in the end .
demolish can be abused to get another whole kill 's worth just because you had to pick your champion before your opponent looking at you top lane and you get forced out .
we used to complain a lot when turrets gave like 500 gold now a whole first turret gives 1050 gold if you destroy it before 14:00 .
in my opinion this is also what causes a massive imbalance in the bot lane where most of the adc man bad '' complaints come from .
adcs getting high amounts of gold early on because bot lane turret does n't have any protection pre-5 minutes is again in my opinion generally unhealthy .
ffs it 's 2:30am and i 'm watching this crap
there 's a version on youtube and there are some flying elephants .
i 'm more a fan of this night monkey fellow
owner i do n't want to work any events !
the difference is that i do it anyway because i 'm not a child .
on the scale of the universe looking down at earth from the outside yeah theres no objective right or wrong
but i think fundamentally this is not how we are as human beings .
for us there are objective moral values that 's how we live our lives .
as i said nobody can look at unit 731 and say this is neutral .
and if they do they 're either lying or a psychopath .
creating a logical system of values from the ground up us cringe to me .
its people whose ego is too big to be humble enough to accept old wisdom .
we 've already been give a system of values which is as perfect as can get for us and its found in the teachings of jesus and the buddha .
imo until someone can surpass '' them they are fooling themselves if they think they need something greater than that .
for all the enlightenment and rationality of the new age we are yet to create something greater than 2000 year old wisdom .
relax your body let your shoulders down put on a smile be positive make eye contact smile at people nod say hi approach people start random positive and light hearted conversations .
prepare some discussion topics in your head that are funny interesting or entertaining .
i absolutely love the face he makes when spider-man starts blabbering .
downhill is a money pit no matter what so as the other person said as long as it puts a smile on your face and you can actually afford it i 'd say it 's worth it .
start by focusing on what you 'd actually like and enjoy doing .
take your last five or more positions you can include things like voluntary or social positions like being on the committee of a university sports club and make a list of what you liked and disliked about each position .
you 'll likely see some patterns which will give you some hints about what sort of characteristics would suit you and so what you would be happy doing .
you can use these as filters in your search for jobs that have those characteristics .
do n't be limited by the education and experience you 've had to-date or the opinions and pressures of your family however well meaning they may be .
just like with gta 5 i think we can all agree that the game would have had endless more hours played on it if you were capable of robbing banks like you could online
you only rob two banks in online and even then online heists are of significantly lower quality than their gtav counterparts .
these game mechanics i believe in my honest opinion were left out of story so if you wanted that experience it would have to be online .
if they were deliberately cut from sp to be in online i do n't think it would have taken them a year and a half to be released in online .
especially when rockstar was n't even aware that online was going to be so profitable as it turned out to be .
when you see things that would have made the story so much more enjoyable being put in a community you dont want to be a part of i can understand being irritated .
my point is just that the sp community has received far more than the online community so i do n't think that one is necessarily more entitled than the other to potential benefits .
for every downside or lacking feature online receives that single player does n't sp has a dozen or so amazing features such as an engaging narrative .
hello thanks for posting on pokemongotrades however to help users find your posts please use your country code with 2 or 3 letters in the title like us '' or usa '' for example .
please post your thread again with the country code in the title .
if your post was not looking for trading or trainer ids please post it on r/pokemongo .
to have your post approved please include brackets like this usa or usa .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongotrades if you have any questions or concerns .
he will eventually read it convert to islam and make a lot of facebook photo to tell the world why he convert and became a good man .
um holy fuck that was the hottest thing i 've ever seen
they did the same thing last month this is just general events specific events will come in the middle
interesting video that shows the inside of the parts that shoot up in the sky and explode
she is an outspoken avocate for climate change and as far as i know the only reason some people hate her is because they do n't believe climate change is real
your username genuinely made me laugh out loud so i gave u 10
please do your best to respond to commenters as they take the time and effort to read your post and give you advice .
if a commenter provides advice that is helpful please respond to the comment with the word '' helped '' anywhere in your comment .
this will give the commenter an advice point which will show that the commenter is a helpful member of this subreddit .
you can respond to as many comments as you want and we encourage it if they help you even a little bit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/advice if you have any questions or concerns .
i always waited until it was scabby generally a couple of days and then went back in .
i would avoid exercises that would interfere with it i have a half sleeve so i kept away from kettlebell cleans bench press etc for at least a few days more .
generally within 5 days after a session i would be back to full speed .
like you i tried to time the tattoos before a couple of rest days so i lost as little time as possible .
you 'll be sweet just listen to your body .
a finger tattoo should n't be too rough so long as you stay away from deadlifts i would have thought .
man after the first time i saw the season i would have agreed 100 but after the second time he is one of me favourites .
jonas is a really good guy and yeah the writing did not make it easy for him to fill those shoes .
i wish we could have seen more of him after season 6 .
i 'm sitting on a really sunny morning in scotland and just finished reading this long article .
i think i need to go a long walk now .
untitled goose game came out the same day as link 's awakening .
what is the appropriate response to the planet dying ?
right but refusing to engage with the government in this case applying for citizenship is n't going to help .
i find it near impossible to search up things when i 'm high
they are just dragging their feet on implementing it .
a bunch of data is already getting reported though and the price differences for standardized procedures like diabetes treatment swing in price by 60000 or more depending on the hospital .
it 's staggering and reveals a lot about the industry they really did n't want us knowing .
i have a tiefling warlock who 's really pale and has small horns that hide in her hair so she looks completely human actually .
i do n't use curly braces with an if if there 's only one statement
getting 3x108 attack to make it easier hit requirement and getting 3x330 mbr to make it hader to hit requirement ar same time ...
goddamit guys do n't believe everything some trash media say
as long as she was picked because of her merit not because of her gender and race .
if they give you any trouble smack the bitch with a rolled magazine .
most likely after the new york listening party but i would n't put it past kanye to do last minute changes and release it at nighttime
mr. blue sky is a fuckin banger that will never get old .
it 's also one of the best beat saber maps that have ever existed .
if you get a chance to play custom songs on beat saber play mr. blue sky .
it looks the last scene of a cheesy sitcom where he 's like weeee did it yayyyy ! and jumps in the air and it freeze frames and the credits roll
he works for bjp they have probably given him internet access .
agree that sounds like cadence locking might be more likely because those numbers sound silly .
fixing your watch tighter might help i find it takes a bit to get going in the cold until i start to get warm and swell up a bit but also maybe stuff like just clearing the sweat off it a bit and putting it back on .
riven is obviously the best but renekton is good too .
i like vlad a lot and sion is usually op
i was really interested in it as a sequel to rtd 's flavour of who but if it 's not better than decent i might be more casual about picking it up .
kairo '' pulse '' and audition '' and marebito '' .
battle royale '' and oldboy '' korean are horror adjacent and are excellent .
ghost stories '' a horror comedy but only the dub is worth watching
i like kubica but what would be the point in giving russel a more powerful engine and advantage ?
they want to test him out to see if he 's worthy of a seat in top team one day .
if he 's getting special treatment at williams he 'll just get found out at the top where there is nowhere to hide .
it looks like you did n't provide a geographic location in square brackets in your title .
some species are best distinguishable from each other by geographic range and not all species live all places .
providing a location allows for a quicker more accurate id .
if you provided a location but forgot the correct brackets ignore this message until your next submission .
i am a bot created for r/whatsthissnake r/snakes and r/herpetology to help with snake identification and natural history education .
you can find more information including a comprehensive list of commands here https www.reddit.com/r/whatsthissnake/comments/c0p3zm/phylobot_v06_information_and_patch_notes and report problems here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=phylogenizer .
long hair in guys slim figure lean muscle some well placed tattoos and/or piercings .
short hair thin figure with or without some curves .
i tend to find people cute but not attractive if it 's physical characteristics .
if your personality is great you can be very very average looking and i 'll find you way up on my scale .
the better your personality the more i like you and then that 's where attraction comes .
id say i 'm good at identifying hot or not by societal characteristics .
all three of my crushes were average looking by societies standards .
i do n't want kids but that 's because i do n't believe bio kids fit into my ethics considering how the world is not a great place .
i 'd rather focus on doing something to fix this place then raising kids .
and i 'd feel guilty having bio kids and if the world takes a major down turn knowing i was responsible for their existence .
i 'm neutral favorable on adopting for me personally .
i 'm wondering should we make an ask an ace panel now to educate the world .
we dont have to justify anything i love a good burger a murder burger with rape bacon and some tapped cow milk !
you people are so sick calling people murderers and rapists and supporters of these things for eating food ... the fact that you cant understand how fucking dumb you are is hilarious !
idk why the website was n't working but i can now search by name and view chapters instead of volumes .
i usually only do this if theres no possible chance of town winning
a regular 15a outlet can only provide a little over 1500w any 120v heater around this wattage will be as good as the next .
thanks for creating such wonderful art its an amazing source of inspiration !
that makes no sense but whatever you got ta tell yourself
the ifi is a very good portable unit yes .
my only point was that if you are at a desk and have a 789 i would n't choose it principally for that environment .
i mean itsnlike 2 rends when it applies and as a warrior i dont kill mobs that fast loo
no actually he 's truthful remember in mc junpei and ryoji purposely called akihiko makoto
and then there 's indeimaus hitting you with the classics such as top 10 stones
if you think thats crazy you should have seen the internet in 1996 .
there is n't really anything you can do without reporting it .
know that if you pay off the amount owed it wo n't remove the eviction from your rental history which is going to make it very difficult to rent in the future .
but he said that he did n't want it .
if your spouse does n't like the bed you sleep on but you 're okay with it should you pay half if they get a better one even if you benefit ?
and in his words she just reconfigured the kitchen to make it accessible via the internet. i seriously doubt that 's a massive investment .
but okay let her have whatever increase in equity comes from that .
though i presume that if you 're connecting your kitchen electrical to home systems like alexa you would take them with you would n't you ?
the bigger issue that needs to be discussed is her entitlement to his investment income .
i do n't think she should be entitled to any of it if she thinks she should n't have any share of the losses .
i think that 's just how his face is .
i literally saw this exact same meme about five above
congratulations mannn i lived in a similar situation we were like 15 but now we are both 17 but i was rejected and oh well i still like her but our friendship in general it 's not that easy anymore so i like to think one day i 'll have an happy ending just like you .
there is a video in youtube of carl rodgers therapy session .
he is the inventor of the client focussed therapy which does basically this
i recently turned of chat and have enjoyed the game way more than before .
wow sigurdsson the scorpion was on a platter for ya .
who will own the pp and finish with more points for nyr ?
i kno it 's been on the cabinet all my life and i still use it nearly every day with the paper warap bottle .
i 've taken the wrap gently off the bottle and mounted it on a piece of manilla folder then folded it in half to make a greeting card and other stuff like that ... even once adorned a really cool cardboard truck i made for my friend 's kid
go back and look above the l p ad in the same column at the ad that reads
with a illustration of a kid with a bucket on his head lol for real
damn legend you just deserve to be the best meme rank 69
at first i thought that was based off the old boardgame fireball island .
just watch it from afar in it 's terrarium !
i do not handle any of mine purposefully i did a bit last week to move one because it was the only safe way but it 's a baby .
tarantulas are the least scary you 'll find because the new world species meaning any from north/south america are likely to be more slow moving and low venom .
just start by reading about them looking at pictures .
and remember it 's ok to be afraid you 're trying to learn !
and england built an empire on spices and tea .
but you right tho whites are the least salty of the races
it 's not the record date it 's the ex-dividend date .
the thing is that he never said poor people are lazy just that if they want more they would have to figure out that particular issue instead of having government step in and do it for them .
which i do n't see anything wrong with to be honest with you .
i am not sure why i received so much downvotes but that 's the hive mind i suppose .
i know two people in my life that successfully started their own business and are now thriving i actually work for one of them and to say that it 's impossible to find a way out is completely wrong in my opinion .
i actually love perl since both python and c are my favorites but it feels like python is way better than perl and i was wondering if my time spent learning perl could be used for something better .
daniel sloss had a physically disabled sister that he joked about a bunch in his netflix special after describing living with her his whole childhood and how broken he was when she died .
but the point was n't to joke about the disabled sister the point was to get a certain reaction from the audience .
once they got a bit offended he made it a point to say that he grew up with her he loved her and he was her brother not any of the audience .
anyway the thing he was trying to prove was the nature of outrage culture and how demeaning it is to those who actually should be offended .
sloss says getting offended on behalf of people is implying you do n't think that group of people is strong enough to get offended for themselves .
watch the netflix special because my description leaves a lot of stuff out plus he 's a really fuckin funny .
does anyone know if you can go inside the sub at the museum ?
i think there is a world item in overlord that is a one shot kill without exception but i dont know if thats one of the ones ainz has
on occasion i 'll hit my bubbler or my bong with friends but mostly i use my dry herb vape .
every time i combust i cough like a mf .
i say this because i have a sibling who used to take laxatives a lot in her younger years .
she has a belly that protrudes even though she 's tiny !
she always tells me how much she regrets doing that to her body .
she also gets asked all the time by rude fucking people if she 's pregnant .
she ca n't get rid of her belly now even with a lot of exercise ☹
on a single role that is correct but what about many rolls .
the average success rate on matching numbers ca n't possibly be the same on a d4+d12 as a d8+d12 .
i mean over 100 rolls which will match more often ?
found after looking into the group that made this https www.reddit.com/r/propagandaposters/comments/dae5lh/another_fucking_royal_parasite_the_british current top level post
so when do you reveal the bad relationship-ending ones ?
i mistyped the a between put on and stuff .
i started a new playthrough of ff7 and hopefully i 'll be able to finish it this time .
things are making a lot more sense after having finished crisis core
the kicker with ff7 is that half of the really important story stuff is kinda hidden .
if you do n't revisit the library after a certain point or do vincent 's sidequest you 're fucking yourself in a very big way .
my biggest piece of advice is no matter what the problem argument/clash of ideals you guys have always be empathetic .
try to see things from their point of view .
i had to learn this the hard way so take heed yo .
not like get pregger or smoke crack or anything but fuck it break curfew and go to that concert or w.e .
if anyone ever hurt him i 'd be the subject of a restraining order !
i had this problem too used blower kept it in rice for an hour or so even thought about getting charging port replaced.called customer care in the end .
they asked me to run it in safe mode only then the issue was resolved .
i think i 'll just hold since not desperate for a wr
i think it 's supposed to be on a tuesday next year .
and we have here the next inheritor of the attack and colossus titan .
i think each movie tries to top the movie that came before it and give the viewer something new and interesting to watch .
in each movie they 're trying to showcase different types of enemies and allies and the john wick universe is trying to build their world and fill it with lore .
the adjudicator 's purpose was to show the viewer there is a larger assassin world out there and that they have rules and regulations .
the sarcastic ninja man was supposed to show us what it 's like when an opponent does n't just have respect for john but is a total fanboy to the point of annoyance instead of a trusted friend like cassian from jw2 .
these movies are trying to build a large intricate world that are filled with just enough crazy people and new things to get us excited for when john destroys it all from within in the next film s .
i 'm pretty certain the director is doing what the fast and the furious did .
he 's trying to create great and grand finale that was a snowball effect from humble beginnings but i think he 'll handle it better .
even though parabellum was very over-the-top you have to admit it was still a good popcorn munching movie .
it did break immersion a little because it seemed to take a turn for the fantastical at times but i weirdly did n't mind it .
this comment or post has been removed as answers to common or recently asked questions can be found in the faq or through the search bar .
if you have any questions about this moderation action please message the moderators through the link on the sidebar or here https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen .
if you are messaging about your removed comment or post please include a link to the removed content for review .
now you need to realize the difference here you 're saying it 's bs when a killer has poor connection and it is .
but when the survivor is the one with poor connection then it 's their fault i 'm not saying when a survivors ping is red it 's their fault .
i 'm saying when they are the only one lagging it 's their fault .
sure distance might be a factor but are you going to blame either sides because they live somewhere else ?
i 've been sick the last two weeks so i 've stuck to working out at home and i went in today and they switched some stuff around .
the guy that works at the venue rigged this on the spot .
i personally always get really bad break outs when i use cerave .
i don‘t really understand what this map is measuring and how it‘s doing so but lgbtqi people are legally equal in all aspects except for marriage they can enter civil unions and foreign marriages are recognized .
i do n't think there is really a limit to what he can sell in the vending machine aside from legendaries .
just a matter of rng being nice enough to spawn one in there .
in which seth curry actually managed to make a basket .
are you saying he 's that op after the very substantial nerf he 's been nerfed to death .
chill out ice boy literally destroys him fireball knocks him out of range and does half health !
this submission has been automatically removed because you have included too many consecutive punctuation marks ? ''
this is a rule 1 violation since putting multiple punctuation marks is extraneous and unnecessary and often regarded as a baiting device .
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm in like four other city subreddits and this is a prevalent issue among drivers in general .
i lived in a real shithole for 6 months and another semishithole for 6 more before i got lucky and found a place with really nice people .
people do n't have the decency of rejecting you to your face just got ta get used to that first .
i was getting selectively drunk and began experimenting with my intoxicated self to see what occurs and how i function to pain movement etc etc drunk me is somewhat smart and curious but can be really childish .
i do n't regret it cos i did n't feel a thing .
refinishing will improve the dial but it will have no value as a vintage item .
warcraft heroes are just like actors of soap operas at some point they just decide to quit stay in shadowlands
those problems never happened on pc is all i know
since the only word i understood was kiddy i assume it was all about a temple where you can go and worship cats .
though if worshipping anything then pets seem ideal considering how much joy and comfort they bring to people .
watched the rest of the videos as well now and they are just lovely .
the cats bring the extra joy to these people and the people spoil the cats .
2 weeks is as far as i got last time so i guess i 've passed that now .
everybody 's talking about ny but this reminds me of the jumbo slices here in dc
in the video crypto switches to single fire mode and each shot takes 2 rounds .
the surrender of the 6th army is an extreme example though .
it had the worst survival statistics of any german unit captured by the soviets .
the soviets had n't made sufficient preparations to take care of that many prisoners and combined with a general attitude of carelessness towards the germans many soldiers of that army were left to starve or freeze to death with no questions asked .
however whenever the soviets were n't swamped with prisoners it seems like they were treated better .
should also be noted that soviet pow 's in german custody ran a considerably higher risk of dying than german pow 's in soviet custody .
whatever you use servo screw jack linear actuator you want it mounted on a spring mechanism so you can linearly increase/decrease the force
see this is the moment to give them their win .
not just cause a druid has completely ignored all other spells and is trying to single mindedly beatstick with polymorph .
the barbarians idea was cool and flavourful the druid seems more like he 's just obsessed with only using one spell and now it 's worked he 's probably gon na keep using it .
flip 2 ounces of that shit get an apartment get a job and still have some personal .
if you have a qp is n't that money you 're sitting on ?
nah he 's not he could have been a legend but screwed it up .
most arsenal fans except the deluded ones like you do n't consider him to be anywhere near a legend he 's a good player who did well for the club but that 's all
anticlimactic ending to the season with a win by the most boring bot in the competition but thank you savvaloy for your dedication .
i know if i was studying to be a speech pathologist my parents would rather me focus on that and not instagram/fame .
i think he sent teron gorefiend grom hellscream and aiden perenolde 's agents to retrieve it they ended up burning the city down .
providing aid and comfort to the enemy is the definition of treason .
perhaps we should go back to the tapes where lbj called up the republican senate leader and told him that it was treason and the republican senator agreed with him .
i hope he does n't fall on a knife ... 15 times
because this is reddit i really feel i have to clarify that i really do hope he stays safe and i am not making an oblique threat
yeah i remember cartoons telling us to make a password up and only tell our parents .
if someone tried to get us from school or whatever and they did n't have the password to refuse to leave with them .
freaking cartoons were more protective of us back in the 80s .
yes there are gay guys out there that can pass for straight but the vast majority are effeminate .
i mean ... that 's a statistical claim and there 's no proof of that i 've seen .
it 's all about what state the end of the next bit of tape to come off is and what state the bit you 've taken off is in .
different types of tape respond very differently to being pulled off like that some will stretch and warp as they snap others rip others will just stretch and not come off at all .
if you need some random bit of raggedy tape to put your justin bieber posters up go ahead .
if you need a clean piece of tape that lays absolutely flat with square cut ends this method wo n't work .
i do n't play fade away fl4k i play gamma burst i think that 's what it 's called fl4k ... i used to play fade away but i have seen a couple videos on this sub for post nerf fade away and it seems to me that if your using the lyuda your fine .
to anyone wondering where this was taken it was at the centre pompidou .
bir ara arkadaşın evinde kalıyordum i̇zmir'de sene 2003 mü 4 mü artık tam hatırlamıyorum depreme de orada yakalanmıştım .
buzdolabının üstünde bir sürü malzeme vardı hareketle ses çıkaran çling çling '' diye böyle .
buzdolabının kompresörü her durduğunda buzdolabı sallanıyor ve aynı deprem sonrası duyduğum o ses çıkıp duruyordu uykumdan dahi o sesle beraber günde 20 kere zıplıyordum .
adamın evi diye de malzemeleri başka yere koymamıştım salak gibi .
i edited my comment after i read some articles including his testimony in front of the senate to be more accurate .
no one believes white people are superior because of their race
i would definitely argue that some people do hold this view .
the kkk for example hated and probably still hates catholics and jewish people this undercuts that they just care about western culture killed republicans in the south that sought to help minorities race-mixing is bad to them and later iterations base most of their views on the book the passing of the great race https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_passing_of_the_great_race which is a book that argues that whites are inherently superior along with other pseudoscientific racist theories .
i am not saying that everyone feels this way but i think it 's a bit of an overreach to say no one thinks whites as a race are inherently superior when clearly some people do .
you might like taekwondo but you might not like training taekwondo .
that 's why it 's important for you to try out all the gyms and make sure you do n't sign up for any of them right after .
chances are someone you highly respect has a sexual fetish that is not one of the standard vanilla ones .
people say the new york minute courses are hard ...
yeah that was just one of the subtopics we debated about ahhaha
there is also some insane stuff from out science debate as well as our general one
but nevertheless it does kind of leave the door open for npx to do what they like with your work without needing your permission ... in perpetuity .
fair point not sure if this further confuses or gives some colour .
the uk 's secretive network of islands—former parts of the british empire that did n't choose independence—hold over a third of the world 's offshore wealth estimated at 32 trillion in 2012 according to oxfam.22 dec 2016
as the guardian noted here david cameron intervened personally to prevent offshore trusts from being dragged into an eu-wide crackdown on tax avoidance .
in a letter to the then president of the european council herman van rompuy the prime minister said that trusts should not automatically be subject to the same transparency requirements as companies.
it is perhaps not surprising therefore that within a month of the european commission presenting a proposal on the anti-tax avoidance proposal
theresa villiers priti patel michael gove iain duncan smith chris grayling and john whittingdale
appeared at the vote leave headquarters holding a banner with a slogan let 's take back control .
they have achieved their goals but at what expense to the british public ?
i think she might have said bonnie 's name in her sleep because it was later and it looked like she had been asleep
you know every generation thinks the world will end in their lifetime right ?
if this post makes you suffer upvote this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makemesuffer if you have any questions or concerns .
what is colin hinting at with guerilla picking up rainbow 6 siege team member ?
is it teotwawki or food supply has gotten expensive and sporadic enough that everybody has their own victory garden '' ?
if i was going for truly sustainable no input subsistence farming i 'd plant differently than i want to cosplay independence and like genuinely fresh fruit '' .
but they tend to be pretty vulnerable to disease/pests in most areas .
cedar fir and spruce might grow for 500 years but unsprayed apples mostly get killed by fungus in 15 due to very wet and mild winters .
this stuff is fun to think about and research !
i 'd probably have a field of root vegetables fence of beans and volunteer grain for genuine prepping but an orchard and berry patch for cosplay and fermentation .
i 'd probably just be baiting the deer elk and moles though .
so maybe the 2nd crop after everything is hunted out would be okay .
then minute the beast is free even before you hit the ground get rid of the heavy weapons and the tail as well as the tail deals a lot of damage use 3 arrows at once if you 've unlocked that skill .
then tie the beast down and throw every sticky bomb you have on it if possible on the weak points .
then use the heavy weapons then tie it down again then finish the fight with the tearblast on the weak points and the bombs .
do n't forget to jump to slow down time when necessary .
highcal is almost certainly the r-301 hop up that makes it go through 2 shots single-shot only
i 'm not a vegan my gf is but i like to make people realise that we should n't be wasting resources ...
i am vegan some days and not some other since i also care about my health and veganism is not healthy per se .
i do n't mine anymore and i was mining with solar panels ... so as you can see i have a lower than usual footprint for that .
also i am gon na own a model 3 soon replacing my 2nd hand car and i assure you that crypto makes probably the same or less footprint than those banks we rely on with huge offices and servers
still nothing is perfect and trying to at least improve things is not a bad thing to do
nah he probs have thin red line skill maxed which makes your health down by 60 plus front loader shield for another 60 so it makes him have 1 or it 's just deathless
not me but a friend of mine was being chased by a dog one time and he was running around the park screaming i 'm being chased by a wearwolf
not really imo the unique legendary mod on lucian 's means if you have decent aim you already have infinite ammo .
he 's made efforts to actually follow through on what he promised .
he does n't have it out for white people or men
i do n't agree with all of his policies like his tax cuts for example but he 's a refreshing change .
i become sceptical when someone is almost universally panned by the mainstream media in america .
we know they 're corrupt and so when a person gets absolutely no positive media coverage from a wide range of media outlets it feels a bit biased .
additionally the fact that they hit him with scandal after scandal and he gets through unscathed each time makes me wonder how bad the scandals really were compared to how they were portrayed .
donald trump is a shock to the american political system that has brought sorely needed change to it and may yet inspire more change even if it energises his opposition to step up their game as slavoj zizek hopes .
close she is reading the label on another record maybe the next to be played .
then again she looks lost in her thoughts so maybe she is remembering dancing with her boyfriend to the music on that record .
5:00 pm pdt happens when this comment is 14 hours old .
i 'm a bot if you want to send feedback please comment below or send a pm .
i see where you are coming from but does that mean you have to be completely over the top ?
cause being a billionaire comes with taking a shit on other peoples lifes .
be it you paying garbage minimum wage so you have bigger profit and so on .
you would force people to go through what you have gone through just so you can have more money then you can spend anyways ?
that 's also pretty sad not gon na lie .
a war in the comments is a war in the stars
literally our entire political systems relion appeal to emotion yet with her it 's not okay and this is where you draw the line ?
obviously the science alone is not enough to get people to make changes so naturally there would be an appeal to emotion .
which two do i start out of dendoncker rico lundstram and dunk ?
man city can just increase their contract with qatar because the clubs owners have a large stake in qatar and bada bing bada boom they have more money
follow our instagram page https www.instagram.com/celebtag for more celebrity content and daily top posts !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/celebhub if you have any questions or concerns .
deciding if the ceiling needs a new coat of paint ?
you say it 's not stable so i 'm guessing you 're still having issues popping up timely and staying up ?
it sounds to me like you 're a beginner still .
the 6'5 you bought is definitely not a beginner board .
i would look for a minimal or egg lots of width for planing
these boards you 're looking at are good to buy when you are n't falling off and are catching most waves you paddle for you 'll know when you can surf these boards .
i would demo any board you buy just go rent a similar board for a few weeks
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
literally one of the worst ships ever made by cig .
zoro could n't defeat kyoshiro who works under orochi so he ca n't defeat orochi if he ca n't beat this underling .
zoro did n't defeat orochi so he should fight him
and awesome job matching your tie to her dress !
wishing you both all the happiness for the future !
i agree but again i do n't think they 're taken as experts in the subject .
i understand your thought process but politicians and activists are better at spreading the message than the scientists themselves are .
idk if this is what you 're looking for but ...
and she 's helped me kinda untangle my thoughts .
i do n't feel like an out cast or as if i 'm just saying nonsense and takes what i 'm saying seriously along with taking the things i say into account .
i know it sounds like basic stuff but sometimes therapist do n't really listen and end up making it worse .
i recommend going if you are ready to talk about your issues .
because that 's what you 're there to do-talk .
also you have to also be ready to listen because you can show up all the time but if you 're not listening you 're wasting money and therapist is wasting time on you .
when they could be using their time on someone else who needs it more .
sad judge only held the record for two years but this dude is a fuckin beast too man .
feels really cool to have the al and nl record holders be from ny teams
shared it with the hubby and it was glorious !
remember the number one thing nazis hate is being called a nazi.
i do n't think nazis particularly mind it when you call them nazis
my husband was ordained today and will celebrate his first eucharist as priest-in-charge at our local congregation tomorrow .
it 's been a long road and we could n't be more proud !
implying rio de janeiro paraíso do tráfico e dos playboys cheiradores do leblon
they have been to the playoffs twice and won the natty with a 3rd string qb ?
you make it sound like they always choke in the playoffs
i 'm 19 and i think about it every time i watch collage ball
i never used it though because exploring and killing zombies was so fun
just contact sony it is easy and they will ask for the serial of the console you first used on the account but you can request to just name some games you have bought on said account
no i sent it in private chats and in a private server .
if the best my family can do is a post on reddit then they kinda suck
the guy that created deadwood and nypd blue gambled away his entire fortune https www.hollywoodreporter.com/features/david-milch-made-100m-gambled-866184 .
it 's pretty easy to do when you walk into a casino you hit that win high you 're comped a fancy room and booze .
do we know that he always planned on giving it to peter at that age though ?
he might 've always planned on giving it to peter but i 'm not sure if it was ever supposed to be given to someone that young .
that might 've only happened due to his death .
haha i found this girls profile the other day and honestly if she is shopping she 's insanely good at it and super consistent cause i could n't find anything conclusive she looks just as thin in her videos as well .
do i play both to capitalize on the miami matchup ?
unless the ps2 is giving an error to connect another controller in game it 's more likely the controller that is the issue .
a known good controller would allow you to rule out the ps2 or the controller without better tools .
until you can troubleshoot it 's hard to say exactly what the problem is .
it could be anything from a bad connector in the ps2 to a bad ribbon in the controller to just a bad chip in the controller .
there is a ribbon cable inside the ps2 that connects to the ports .
i have two controllers with ribbon failues type h models .
the type h refers to the stamp on the back of the controller .
they are marked usually with an h or an a sometime m. do the analog sticks work and do you get an error ?
yah it went into a smaller jar without the wax paper at that point
i remember connor shaw 's first career start was against joker phillips kentucky and sc won like 56-3 that day .
if i peed in the pool would anyone be able to tell ?
i get 7-8 ' hours sot no dark mode and high performance on .
👏 brady 👏 hoke 👏 was 👏 the 👏 best 👏 michigan 👏 coach 👏 of 👏 all 👏 time 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
so long as she is written well i 'd be all for it even if minor .
the best opportunity available is probably to showcase grandpa ian .
who watches his kid lately since he 's been out all the time ?
yeah constant traveling is fun in your early-mid twenties .
i felt bad for people who had to do it into their 50s ... .that 's why i went back to school .
sorry u/lancedoobie but you may not assign karma from a top level comment .
please reply at the bottom of the thread after the trade negotiation occurred .
he 's not going to cum twice just from licking some calves
i can buy it just from the general story arc .
they appear to be taking a year off from the gatewatch in general and returning to zendikar would suggest they 're going to be checking up on those characters once again .
vryn might not have enough of a slam dunk hook to use for a fall set but jace 's homecoming is a major story beat they ca n't ignore forever .
calling it now these challenge videos will be part of the monster madness 2019 content .
we get at least 3 or 4 formation penalties a game but a punt should be standard formation
i must be the one then ultimate artificial human .
got ta be honest pretty sad henry richardson from season 12 did n't make it in there .
nonetheless this is super cool and i 'm excited !
look we gon na get spanked here but if you are an objective football fan you can see the flashes of quality play we have .
i know y'all love to shit on nebraska but give frost another recruiting class or two and we 'll be competitive .
see how desperate you are you have to make up quotes .
meanwhile you literally said giving free college tuition and loan relief to everyone is perfectly defensible .
your body may be adapting to the new diet and sometimes pushing harder does trigger my gag reflex .
like i said if you are n't getting tired and you are n't starving yourself and your meals are healthy you are most likely fine .
just takes a bit for the body to adjust .
i seriously almost puked during the 2pt conversion sequence .
allows you to do pip install r requirements.txt and then all dependencies are installed at their exact version they were developed with .
under this discussion would n't she be considered the invader ?
did n't mao get 60 million while ghengis only got 40 million .
true but even still a .410 caliber would not take very much manipulation at all .
it should take much less than a shotgun of larger size such as a 20 or 12 ga
it 's ok we all hit rough patches and it 's good to know that there is light at the end of the tunnel and it 's not a train .
just be the best you that you know how to be and you 're on the way there .
never run into a bug in my first play through and also having none performance issues .
so either you played a different game or your systems sucks balls .
where at all does this article say that this has anything to do with them being good or bad .
that stack of books cost more than my last motorcycle .
that 's one of the main points of them .
how does the cap work so lets say year 4 he makes 6 million is that how much cap space he takes ?
or is the average 9.25m how much cap space he takes ?
well you are higher than us on the map ...
i spent a whole year depressed and listening to that and artangels by grimes .
seeing them live was fucking incredible their stage setup and light show was a
when you pick up rank again in front of the same command that busts you down 🙌
it took less than 48 hours after i bought my switch to go get a pro controller .
even with that adapter that comes with the switch my small hands could not comfortably grip and hit all the buttons i needed to for botw .
plus now i have an extra contoller for mk8d so my sister or every once in a blue moon my normally non-gaming mother will give in to her grandson 's pleas and can race with me and my son .
what ve legacies do you have or is it just the ones you posted ?
when i began meditating and still to this day for that matter i find myself frustrated because my mind has been so hyperactive for 21 years that i have constant streams of thought sifting through my subconscious whilst meditating .
however this is a part of meditation practice accepting those supplementary thoughts allowing for them to occur and then gently discarding them .
be kind to yourself even when it 's most frustrating .
i 've had many conflicting thoughts on the word disorder '' because it 's based on the generalized standard of health for a human being when we 're all unique beings only able to interpret our experience and no one else 's .
yes there 's something to be said about a chemical imbalance or dysfunction but any psyche has the ability to develop anxiety and depression which are credited as being disorders yet they 're some of the most prevalent disorders of the west at this current moment .
i know more people that are self-proclaimed mentally unstable individuals than those that are balanced .
keep doing the best you can with the balance that you have and never stop improving .
balance is always a constant work in progress and remember that your breath is always there for you
well then it was supposed to have grips in the cte but not anymore .
dropping stuff down a narrow hole only barely wide enough to fit said stuff at most is the unbelievable part here .
really hope there is good international cooperation going on to prevent that doomsday scenario where one or more satellites colliding would cause a domino effect of more and more debris taking down all the satellites and saturating earth with a layer of fast moving debris that would make future space stuff really impractical virtually impossible .
especially with the really great strides being done getting the price of launch down there will be more opportunities for smaller actors to send up stuff and so more opportunity for accidents .
and this may be a bad precedent they circumvented the rules and now paid a fine and are optimistic about being forgiven by us regulators so i guess future startups that are annoyed by the process can search for a willing third party country like india or russia calculate the expected fine into their estimated costs and then ask for forgiveness after the fact .
you 've had three accidents with people over 65 ?
i 've driven about 1.5 million kilometres and i 've only had one collision .
you should start driving more defensively before you kill yourself or someone else .
not that i do n't like shorter women too more that i find tall women sexy in their own way .
for me i keep it quiet not because of the dominance implication am switch so it 's half-true but because a lot of people seem to think i 'm fetishising '' the height .
and a lot of tall women get insecure about being the taller partner .
honestly i learned at a young age that there was always someone better than me went to magnet school and instead learned to focus on just being my own best person .
that said the thing that scares me the most is the loss of the privileged existence i live because there are so many more damn people crowding this planet every day .
the ability to drive a car wherever i damn please enjoy nature eat meat air condition my home are all going to taken away in this scary future with dour-faced neo-liberal children dictating what we can and can no longer do .
in a better world we 'd all be deciding that we need fewer people on this planet and raise everyone up to the standard of living that some of us enjoy right now and let robots do all of the dirty jobs .
you are asking me to have a reasonable view against people that attack others for wearing clothing that supports their president and to people that wear pink vagina hats and scream at others on the street .
you do n't solve a situation with logic with a group of people that have been proven to be incapable of logic .
i watched this play out for almost 4 years now and was effected directly by being in the military while doing so .
i think my statements are extremely warranted due to the circumstances .
well it 's a good thing that climate change works based on per capita emissions and not total emissions in the atmosphere ... .
tricky situation but it looks like it needs a lot of work still .
it is n't the law in a parking lot but it makes intentions clear to other drivers .
generally in these situations the driver is communicating information with their gaze eyes body language shouting .
so simply mimicking human approaches to this situation will not be enough .
and that is a very different machine learning task .
you do n't get victories just handed to you on a saturday you have to earn them on sunday .
your local grocery stores is n't run by a damn ceo .
they 're sole traders a completely different job with almost no relation to ceos .
most people become millionaires as a result of inflation not work .
if i buy a house for 100k then 30 years later it becomes 1.1m i 'm now a millionaire .
except i 'm not really i still have to work for retirement it 's just that my house is massively overvalued .
this is why statistically we 're seeing more middle class '' people becoming millionaires each year .
it 's almost entirely fueled by housing prices inflating .
for actual millionaires who went from working or middle class to rich they are extremely rare .
most who do work from middle class to millionaire were already on 250k a year in which case it ai n't too hard to move upwards from there since you 're already in the top 1 .
my point was that executives in general do n't work hard .
i know i work with them on a daily basis .
on the few occassions do work hard there 's a ten week holiday waiting for them at the end .
this goes for banking tech mining agriculture pharmaceuticals fucking every damn industry i 've seen .
the people are the top are usually a bunch of lazy wankers who spend more time worrying about getting the latest car or watch than what they 're doing in the office .
but you 're setting the scale too low with those .
i 'm no miyabi fanboy but i have to admit her scale is at least optimal .
that 's reasonably possible what 's unreasonable is them banning pfsense and not fortigate .
your submission appears to break our rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and has therefore been removed .
important please read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety before messaging the moderators .
enquiries which have already been answered by these pages will not receive a response .
please also do a google search http www.google.com for your thought to ensure that it is both original and unique .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
an app that does n't let you start a chat right away in case of a match .
instead it sends you ideas for dates based on your favorite places and activities .
you ca n't start a chat until you submit at least one comment .
this should reduce the amount of people who are n't actually interested in meeting irl .
what an idiot there 's a ramp right there !
this arm the first fully parametric 3d printed arm was designed by stephen davies and drew murray who formed the uk charity team unlimbited .
does n't matter what you say you know i 'm right .
here https media.wizards.com/2019/images/daily/oca6zzvwzu.png is an image of the sleeve that i got from google .
it looks pretty but boy am i a huge sucker for animated sleeves .
omg no the gardener would never do this i 'm literally shaking and crying rn
to some extent that makes sense because there wo n't be a lot of people living on federally owned land .
however california for example has high population density and is nearly 50 federal land .
north and south dakota and nebraska have almost no federally owned land and very low population densities .
it 's definitely going to match up in nevada though .
some of y'all are a little more special '' than others it seems .
i love how part of the costume is that they wear a skeleton shirt for this exact situation
can someone link the original video where i can find the comment ?
so focused on the other and the idiot u turning i did n't even see the one that got hit .
i learnt this from a podcast with the schwartzman brothers
sounds like these could be considered to be patients in which case the experience should be clinical
after building my first ar10 a month and a half ago i got the bug to build an ar15 .
so here is my entry to my first built ar15 '' .
i set it on the scale with a 30rd mag full of 75gr and it weighs right at 7lbs as is .
plans to change the spring to tubbs possibly sa agb and light .
not sure what light to get or if i should just get a mount for one of my surefire g2x pro 's .
i 'm very happy with the way she turned out .
shout out to u/hariettubesock u/chucknorrisdeluxe u/diffendoofer for good deals on a few parts that went into this build .
that mic falling had better timing than most comedians .
this is like game of thrones before the main characters met
a cuck because he wants people to respect the laws of his country ?
sure we 'll just change those laws for you and eliminate all our borders .
i find a lot my past girlfriends like that girls tend to like when a guy is passionate about something
totally was n't the hundreds of thousands of dollars in fraud they helped facilitate it was personal ''
got ta stop snacking on those paint chips brother .
mayo inconvenient but not painful or destructive aslong as i dont have to actually eat any mayo
in the comment you linked to you talk about taking the virginity of guys as young as 16 .
it 's against reddit 's rules to post anything involving anyone under the age of 18 years old in a sexual context .
united states law considers any posts about sex involving anyone under the age of 18 child porn no matter what the age of consent is where you live .
reddit is hosted in the us so that law applies no matter where you are posting from .
ye when i went to berlin in 2017 it was mid december freezing and doors opened late as well i think that 's just it goes sadly .
my take away is that all shitty driver 's need dash cams .
unfortunate but it 's what 's best for our season
for me it 's not even about vanity my looks is n't something to write home about but i 'd still like to keep my holes separate and not have sex ruined for the rest of my life because i got ripped to hell i fail to see how not being into adult diapers and constant pain has anything to do with vanity .
who replaces him when he picks up his 5th yellow
yeah if i recall the one in rust is inspired by old soviet nuclear-powered lighthouses https englishrussia.com/2009/01/06/abandoned-russian-polar-nuclear-lighthouses https englishrussia.com/2009/01/06/abandoned-russian-polar-nuclear-lighthouses
still it shows how bad we are at defending corners .
yerri mina had 3-4 shots i think from corners which is frightening .
in teeth infections antibiotics do n't cure the infection for good .
they get you out of pain because it brings the abscess down and then because the source of the infection is still present bacteria inside the tooth you get your abscess back .
over and over and over till you fix the source of the problem .
go to an art museum and ask a stranger for their opinion on any piece of your choosing .
the trt has received a lot of snow already this year .
negative ca n't also mean free of std 's ?
also you got ta be trolling me with that flu comment .
i 'll probably do something like that once i 've finalised her clothing design but yeah defs .
the stuff you miss if you dont sort by new
i have on accident before and had to select a post flair after it went up .
but if you go through the site or a third party app you can skip it but then apparently they 're auto-removed .
i 've also heard reddit 's site-wide spam filters kinda suck and sometimes remove posts that are perfectly fine
i 've heard most of the altar and all of iii so i do n't think i 've heard it
because that means you ca n't lock on to them .
also defensive does n't mean you ca n't be killed it just makes it slightly harder to do so .
used to live right by these mountains and would hike them all the time .
i just watched again and he 's talking about single welds for each ring .
will be fine with proper opsec ... aka crypto and proper key management .
wayne was my first thought when i heard this .
like has no one listened to any of the dedication tapes ?
i could start each day of my life by watching a new version of these every morning for a very long time
as far as i see it 's around 60 because that was kennedy 's stake in the company .
244 shares out of 400 total is exactly 61 .
perfectly reasonable for the moment the majority owner wants to exit profitable business and possibly even lowest bound he could go with .
sunless skies also clearly was n't mid-development when kennedy left .
they only even announced it after his departure four months after share buyback and ran kickstarter in early 2017 .
as such he obviously was ultimate authority in hiring including hiring based on his favours whatever they were as he also mentioned hiring and firing friends .
do you think it 's unethical to hire friends into your own company ?
do you think you should explain all your relationships to company board as company owner ?
board that was ultimately mostly his own employees in a power-sharing arrangement not someone he was actually answering to ?
i went to the full comments of the post and one of the users outside of the linked thread mentioned it .
her instagram is blaabad it 's very nsfw though lol .
the only to women i met that like transformers are my aunt and mom and my mom and dad are good artists so i guess we have that in common to
shit i think i say penis too much so it auto corrected
you can eat my 33,16. this roast was brought to you by the rouge chemist of reddit
we were trying to get it done without having to take him back to the or .
she is cool and quite normal in a story full if despair .
also i like how she almost died making her growth potion in the past and still trying to do them until now but instead of just repeating her mistake she put more effort to make sure her experiment is safe .
like to see more character that learn and improve from their mistake .
i 'd love to slide my tongue along those nipples while my fingers run their way inside her pussy ... as i do this her mouth can lick the tip of my cock 🤫
you have a 90 slow already and could have bought roa if ur going health build as it is more efficient and gives you more ap with seraphs .
and i think void or morellos instead of mejais for the pen for liandrys and for urself ofc..
and if you went transcendence you may aswell go gauntlet vs their team instead of rylais or mejais.. like 55ap from the item with all its stats is very good..
in before they make it that the rate of dupes is actually doubled like 12 and new character is 6 and then ppl get mad cause they pull a few thousand dupes and do n't get the banner character
i 'd love to see jin take on kiryu .
i thought it was a bit of a flippant argument .
if everyone had a house there would still be a market for buying and selling them .
people 's housing preferences change as their circumstances change e.g .
you do n't need homeless people to sell houses to you can sell to homeowners as their circumstances change .
had a guy open my door once and go this is n't my apartment is it ? ''
he closed the door and i could hear him dial his mom and say hey mom can you log into the find my phone app and figure out where i am so you can come get me ? ''
freezing and shattering a particularly large pack of mobs could cause things to lock up for several frames or even up to 1/4 of a second for a particularly low powered computer .
turning off reverb and lowering sounds channels could make it run smoother .
thank you for your constructive post about creating pixby account .
many of my friends are already in this project .
the project looks promising and has a bright future .
found about 20 or so caps they are currently in the drying process .
this is actually pretty similar to how i lost my virginity .
crashed in a girls bed drunk and .. biology just took over..
the op has not provided an explanation for why this gif fits the sub yet .
if you think this gif fits r/bettereveryloop upvote this comment .
if you 're not sure leave it to others to decide .
there is no reason why a married man or woman should have friends of the opposite sex .
and it 's degenerate and un catholic like to be spending time alone with the opposite sex especially if you 're married .
realistically the fact that you 're asking about cultural appropriation means you probably are n't going to do it .
real cultural appropriation^1 is done by people who are both ignorant and indolent .
they 're too lazy to create something themselves so they thoughtlessly grab something from another culture pass it off as their own work and profit from that act of exploitation .
i honestly do n't understand why we need a new term for it because it 's already has a name plagiarism .
as opposed to for example five people on twitter getting upset about a white celebrity 's dreadlocks .
i 'm sure she walked into the gap and asked the sales person to highlight her intellect s
i played 3/4 of my matches against people with clackbridge trolls and an obscene number of bake into a pies ... not sure how they were in the 1-1 and 1-2 brackets
your teeth are more broken than the ice cream machine
bud and stevens have n't done anything really besides make the playoffs .
you ca n't use the fact that a coach won with stars against them when it 's a star driven league .
i do n't think you understand the definition of a cult .
i eat mostly keto friendly foods like cabbage broccoli cauliflower kale onions bacon pork sausage smoked pork sausage some chicken home cooked 1/2 lb cheeseburger w/o buns broccoli cheese soup .
unfortunately i did n't corner the market on cotswold cheese 14/lb i love the stuff and no carbs .
also my dry goods hi carb food like granola i put in my go duffel in case of earthquake .
if there is an earthquake bad enough to use the go duffel the least of my problems will be how much carbs today ?
i just sneak a little tiny bit of hi carb corned beef hash 100 grams about 10 carbs for instance with eggs and bacon if i ever do eat breakfast again .
i 've got 2 cans of the stuff 8 breakfasts .
i 've got a tiny jar of grits that may have a future but i 've got a lot of oatmeal rice beans brown sugar that i 'm pretty sure does n't .
i 've got this huge sack of fried onion rings that i can make a green bean casserole with and eat in reasonable proportions with whatever i can fit in or use it when i cook for the sick/bed ridden .
also i have 10 yo twin granddaughters who can metabolize anything i 'm sure .
that takes care of the peanut butter syrups jams honey pancake mix cookie/brownie mix etc .
i am to understand from the fat head '' youtube video that after reaching your goal you may be able to eat up to 100 carbs/day in a maintenance diet .
but once they are gone i 'm not buying more .
thank you for your concern about my cupboards.😎😎i sense you are '' like by wife '' a nice lady .
yeah you definitely have to take your time blending so it does n't look harsh or crazy .
larry would totally do something like this in a fancy restaurant .
this is always my thought of this she 's the one who wants to be friends then you could woop in and talk with no awkwardness .
and you will create an immense relationship and maybe you will get together .
because if he was i would try to see if you could get him excommunicated .
if borderlands 3 did good on egs or in general take2 would have felt confident in using actual numbers over vague percentages to state how well it did .
for instance 70 of borderlands 3 was sold digitally apparently but that means nothing as platform nor any numbers are there it could be 3 out of 10 copies are physical to 3,000,000 out of 10,000,000 are physical .
another one is that it doubles what bl2 had at launch for active players but that does n't state how many bl2 had or bl3 has .
there 's more you can nitpick such as the infamous sell-in vs sold connotations as the first one is only selling to market resellers ala walmart best buy and the other means a finished transaction to the consumer .
they even refuse to state whether or not the guaranteed copies if the game sells bad on egs are being accounted for at all meaning that the numbers could be further fumbled than they are right now .
moreover randy pitchford gearbox ceo and tim sweeney epic ceo are both pretty damn verbally abusive leading up to the release of bl3 on egs .
those two have a massive knack for constantly being in the pr spotlight for all the wrong reasons and both would benefit from being able to go see told you i made a good move '' if only from a selfish perspective on their ego than anything else .
the fact neither has commented on bl3 's success or lack there of is a massive tell that the numbers they are looking at are n't massively impressive .
moreover take2 has had no problem being pretty damn blatant when rockstar does good with gtav and rdr2 both getting pretty blatant flat impressive numbers to highlight the accomplishment so it 's not like take2 has a thing against good numbers they just have a company thing against releasing info that would be publicly damaging which is likely why they chose to go with vague language over impressive stats .
i would be more shocked if the game did remarkably better than projected given it has had nonstop pr disasters created by randy pitchford and his nonsense to the somewhat craptastic launch and a couple years of dev time that may or may not have gone poorly .
try candle light if you 're like me and hate being totally dark blind .
i like being able to see the cornes and the bottles but the dark is soooo much nicer .
i sure hope you 're not a ripe underage male ...
which will mean there are limits on how much an individual or venture may own
the amount an individual can own is technically zero restrictions on how much a venture may own probably would n't have many more restrictions than it does now .
a lot more of what is produced is taken by the state to be able to provide everyone an expanded amount of services
the level of state interference here is debated amongst leftist from zero to central planning and even then they arent supposed to just take your stuff likely just direct it to stores that need it .
as for services i have said it before here i think we could cut back on social program 's and taxes under socialism .
oh and i know i said it sounded like interventionist capitalism but it also sounds like interventionist socialism in the op you said less property so i wasnt sure .
i just hit that orgy with 2 condoms in my hand
left side always thought it was weird we drive on the right .
if they claim to be both male and female then either they 're a troll who 's making stuff up or they 're a troll whose weapon is brutal honesty .
here 's one clip i found of the noise .
sad that your statement applies to more than one school ...
do n't forget about the apaches who are good allies to the men 's rights .
hey there looks like you 're submitting from a new account !
r/gaybros does not allow throwaway accounts or brand new accounts to submit content .
if you 're a new user why do n't you try commenting on some posts already on gaybros or other subreddits that interest you first ?
as a reminder please read the rules for posting in gaybros .
if you 're looking for a general lgbt sub try r/ainbow .
we look forward to having you around as an active contributor on gaybros !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gaybros if you have any questions or concerns .
grew up in a similar situation you 're very brave .
just want to add that you can also domme and that women can switch between submission and domination too .
i wish someone had told me that when i started exploring the scene .
people know about the nazis so they are a useful analogy .
you can say like the nazis but worse '' instead of having a history lesson .
i 'm a programmer ... so i just get to explore on my passion .
drink some water and wine to wind off at times .
i think the novel would be better without the stats numbers and levels .
the author uses it like jp or other kr novels but i think it would have worked better with cn style cultivation/breakthroughs for powerups .
for ram ic 's it 's 1,000,000,000/clock speed tck then you do trfc in nano seconds tck .
jedec trfc in nano seconds is 350 for 8gb ic 's but can usually go lower .
youtube was its own company for little over a year before it was bought out .
it 's a challenging trip with lessons you need to learn .
pay attention be greatful and open your heart to love .
i just had a group disintegrate so id love to play ! ! !
i have a character ready but also willing to change if needed and am fully open to weekends !
you can get a new hearthstone for 200 tokens in this year 's brewfest .
it 's nothing special i admit i was a bit disappointed when you cast it your character wears the brewfest hat dances with two beer mugs in each hand while beer is splashing around you .
okay i admit that writing this description kinda made me change my mind about it ...
kyoko would also return to stardom and form one of the top stables that still goes to this day oedo tai
lol i get this now cause i watched the office
thank you all of this just happened so it 's been tough
i feel that we first need to understand the situation our moms have a type of mental illness .
which is fine but means we should be patient with them .
when your mom feels depressed and begins to move away from her goals talk to her .
try to get a feel of what she 's thinking and raise her spirits/morale .
when she 's in a better mood provide encouragement and give positive feedback .
i recently started getting into bodybuilding and try to eat clean but will take time to try my moms cooking and tell her it 's great which is true but unhealthy for me .
i love my mom so i will do what i can to support and help her .
now it just makes me wonder who would carpool with who in the game
sumlin 's game plan did n't revolve around hoping the refs did n't call our good plays wrong .
i 'm 49 and i do n't feel well unless i 'm above 800 .
or find someone who specializes in it or make an appt with an endocrinologist .
if neither of these works you 'll need to self administer it .
message me if you go that route and i 'll let you know the pharmacies i use and the process .
yes and honestly it sometimes comes into editing i was able to take the picture in raw and was able to get the full sensor .
i had most damage to turrets also most damage on my team
muzan 's interest in tanjirou has nothing to do with a distant past .
it only deals with manga spoiler s nezuko has his blood ''
this message was posted by a bot because originally submitted
jesus hung out with gay dudes prostitutes sinners and every other thing the world had to offer .
he had to put up with the fucking hyper religious dickholes on an almost daily basis who did n't like the people he hung out with .
there 's no way he made it through life without humor .
he had to laugh or else he 'd pray to have them all be smited .
your ass and pussy look perfect and i can see your sweet face peeking back !
i read all of them but dropped the baseball one 's since i do n't get the game except for rookies .
what looks like simple catches he ends up punching to corneo or worse to the pitch .
they kinda keep doing the same mistakes but the reflexes are way better this year ever shots from 1 meter he would block .
there 's very few things you can do to control the keeper besides positioning by pressing r3 and moving the stick and rushing out of goal with triangle .
i agree with what others said about an ssd .
another great thing to do is max the ram and upgrade to leopard assuming you do n't use classic .
whilst leopard does n't make your machine seem quite as fast it 's worth doing because of the much improved app support office 2008 is great on there nobody knows you used such an old machine when you submit a poorly formatted .docx file to them .
also leopard webkit works much better than tenfourfox ever did for me at least also bearing in mind i was using an 867mhz g4 quicksilver .
best of luck with your upgrade adventures hope it all goes well !
edit also r/vintageapple will be much more help and better advice
nice butt skinny/athletic body not too tall so i can throw them around while fucking them .
and i do n't really care about cock size since that 's not a priority for me lol
and the fact that he slept next to young naked girls in order to test his control '' or whatever .
it was just that the same students kept attending lectures .
for instance i joined the black eagles and caspar had n't shown up to a lecture .
someone else informed me that i need to change up my lectures to alter attendance .
limited value and the only real way to use money is to convince other people to sign up to wealthy affiliate .
which of course skews their online reviews as if you need people to sign up you ca n't slate it like it deserves .
we 're doing fine all 4pcs on archlinux with latest gnome wayland and steam running every evening without crashes .
i 'll buy two if you can make them fire-proof .
shammilan created a list of level 4 decoration weapon augment and majority charm upgrade with material source .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
have seen quite a few hour long videos about youtube drama hitting the top of r/videos recently like the onison one yesterday .
the premises of these videos is good but as soon as i see that 1:05:23 '' i hit the back button .
i have a self-made superhero universe that i 've been adding characters and stories to for the last 5 years .
thats what y'all get for having walls made out of cardboard
get some style learn how to dress for your body type and for fuck sack peacock a little .
or challenging a goal late in a game just because they know it usually results in a longer time out regardless of which way it goes .
it have more replayablity if you use the app .
it have few campaigns and they have some random side missions wich give more options .
only downside its coop for 4 and no 4vs1 with it but if you want it as a coop its great .
they have them at universities but outwith institutions like that i 'm not sure .
i must admit i 've never heard of career advisors working outside of educational settings .
try talking about how you feel about how shes acting and see what she says .
if she avoids talking to you then you might have to leave .
it 's not really anything explicitly stated just some dots i connected but i promise there is some logic here
so a lot of people say that amygdala 's name comes from the region of the brain that governs fear .
but what folks seem to miss is that the reason the amygdala is named that is because of its shape .
so that got me thinking what if that's the actual reason amygdala the boss is named what it is ?
what if amygdala '' is just a description of what it looks like ?
maybe the game calls it amygdala because almond-head '' might be kind of a goofy sounding name for such an ominous threatening creature .
the game places a lot of emphasis on amygdala 's weirdly shaped head .
its head is a weak point in the boss fight but amygdala does n't seem to care much about the rest of its body it 'll rip its own limbs off to use as weapons .
the tonsil stone that patches gives you is shaped like amygdala 's head .
there 's also all those weird growths on the trees in the forbidden woods .
all of that to me suggests that it 's not really amygdala itself that 's significant it 's something about that shape .
also patches is weirdly inconsistent with the way he talks about amygdala he seems to worship whatever he calls the godhead '' but then later on he calls amygdala a miserable bastard '' and seems to imply that you mercy-killed it .
i remember a while ago somebody on this subreddit posted a translation of the lyrics in amygdala 's theme they 're pretty much just ruined human '' repeated over and over ''
the description of the tonsil stone says that it may have come from outer space .
what if something about this weird alien shape that kind of looks like an almond has anomalous properties and corrupts life ?
what if patches was just trying to trap you in the nightmare until you turned ?
there 's even what seems to be a less matured amygdala .
it 's admittedly a pretty out-there theory but there 's a couple of cosmic horror stories that have similar premises the colour out of space and uzumaki both of which are pretty famous .
i think it 's possible that amygdala is bloodborne 's own spin on it .
as per your post title you believe the creation story is a myth ?
she had a special way of turning him into a cowering mess .
he was weak and he knew she hated him for it .
that 's quite an artistic license you 're taking here .
god had flung open the gates of the garden of eden .
that 's life '' he told the young lovers deal with it ! ''
this part reads like god is condoning or accepting of the aforementioned part about the man being weak and the woman turning him into a cowering mess etc .
in fact that 's not life or just how it is .
god explicitly said post fall that although the woman will desire your headship/authority depending on how you interpret genesis 3 the man will rule over her .
tip for getting better at support is play more carry
you will better understand what the carry 's goal is in lane and therefore be able to facilitate that goal .
a lot of times supports do n't have a good feel for how the carry wants to play the lane .
it has a ton of other restaurants in the mall .
just accept me the way i am instead of trying to change me and trying to tell me what to do .
more tower damage for spell cycling and a high level fireball can kill underleveled wizards and witches and stuff like that
unfortunately this submission has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions about this removal please message the moderators .
resubmitting a removed post without prior moderator approval can result in a ban .
this is why people write off criticism of israel as antisemitic
fuck the jews fuck the christians fuck the muslims .
your blind indiscriminate support for the evil of religion makes you a heinous bigot .
if you believe this action was done in error please message the moderators https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fhermitcraft subject=my removed submission message=i 'm writing to you about the following submission https www.reddit.com/r/hermitcraft/comments/dat7ro .
direct replies and chats to official mod comments will be removed/ignored .
it 's not about respect trust and friendship '' whatsoever .
just go to party mode with your family '' and team there you would n't have to deal with anti-teaming either should be much more fun .
because many bernie people do n't have a second choice and we know she 's fake af
i 'd trade out pukki for a better midfielder or defender and get laca in
yeah i made a dumb comment and got around 3k upvotes
you just want to break the game as all the other mono-blue players do n't you ?
its a projection of their own insecurities they might be jealous maybe they wanted the solo play or their even too scared to perform by themselves so they bash you for it to make themselves feel better
they were pissed that you were bigger than them ?
i thought i recognised this fantastic cosplay ... and then i realised i follow you on twitter !
well done for making something so amazing i 'm sure your friend will love it !
i read people saying its better than t3f3ri but i dont feel that way
a good use of the template actually and i love how it 's hand written .
my juvenile drug abuse nothing too serious but very uncommon in the area where i come from .
on the other hand i developed some kind of depression over the years and my parents would just say stuff like 'just stop being sad ' .
however i 'm doin better not good tough but better .
its genius in the sense that the story doesnt play out like some dramatic epic .
people make fuckups and mistakes just like real politics and it gets people talking about it and discussions going .
people discussing how bad the story is and becoming disinterested in the story is n't a sign of genius .
i see other game plots not get nearly as much discussion over it .
maybe because they do n't have a loyal following of over 15 years ?
and whether the plot is good or bad is irrelevant .
the quality of the plot has an influence on how genius '' it is .
it 's not the sole determining factor but it 's not irrelevant . ''
because it still makes people argue over the morality of the alliance and horde and how it sparks such debates including recent events .
yeah so many people are arguing over the morality '' of the alliance and whether or not they 're in the wrong in bfa.^/s
by that metric you need an iq of 1,000 to appreciate warcraft iii 's story .
i agree that it is a very approachable system .
my issue is that made it so crunch lite that it drained off a lot of what i liked .
i forgot to add that i prefer the 5e magic system with cantrips then the 2e wizard gets 1 spell at level 1 and the vancian fire and forget system kind of sucks .
you feel the insult but you 're not sure what she did that insulted you .
you can keep that in mind for next time .
if you are ever unsure whether your function is even called just throw in some console.log statements and see if they are executed .
if they are n't then probably because the js is n't loaded at the right point in time .
and if you ever have to load js in the head then you can make use of https developer.mozilla.org/en-us/docs/web/api/globaleventhandlers/onload https developer.mozilla.org/en-us/docs/web/api/globaleventhandlers/onload to wait for the document to load before applying any event handlers to elements .
did you ever hear the tragedy of darth penny the wise ?
it 's not a story the losers ' club would tell you
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
rule v censor any and all personal information from posts and comments !
this includes any user names from twitter facebook et cetera .
if you have any questions you can message the mod team here http contact.dankmemesreddit.com replies to this removal comment may not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
it is google sans yes but set by default by good old rr running on android 9 .
curious ... what if the guy makes up for the sexual stamina with stamina in general ?
you know does n't last long but has the energy to keep going ?
no i do n't think so the second largest item after photos and videos is other documents 415.8 mb only
nice but looting is a core mechanic i 'm talking about one specific control scheme .
so yeah ... the firmware was the issue flashed it and it worked as supossed thanks !
that last one ... the stupid fuck does n't even know the capital of pakistan i 'm guessing .
play to the whistle is obv the best but unless refs become robots calling for something to go your way is always going to be a thing especially in football .
if you ever ref a game youd understand how much pressure you are under everytime you make a call or noncall that is not clear .
until players respect refs enuf to not argue with them and get in their face you cant just always 'play to whistle '
hopefully if they go ahead with adding new skill trees for the current vhs fl4k will have a fully grown one of these as a pet
yo 9/11 is 18 years old now i can jack off to it
maybe the pop screen is to close to the mic
4/5/3 during your turn your weapon does n't lose durability .
call pm https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hearthscan-bot me with up to 7 cardname .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hearthscan-bot message=tell 20me 20more 20 info subject=hi
you 're trying to induce us to think that by telling us you 've induced us .
if you head to bandq thay will have a selection bosch would probably be a good bet for you .
but i 'm telling you now that take a bit of getting use to
little known fact that bug is there since the release of the dlc
being in a position where you 're comfortable enough wether financially physically or mentally where you can look back on your past self and laugh at how much you did n't have your shit together .
its because you are genetically compatible to bear his children
sorry u/maacu but we do not see any evidence that the trade occurred .
the user you 're awarding karma to must have had a conversation with you in this thread .
we do this to prevent people from giving karma without any trading occurring .
the days when consoles were simple enough to be easily emulated are long gone .
there 's still no high quality working emulation for pretty much anything released after the original xbox except nintendo stuff which used the same relatively simple architecture from the gamecube onwards .
some things like the saturn and ps3 will probably never be successfully emulated because they 're so weird .
i would tell them you did n't list my candidate please list all candidates '' .
buehler and ryu get to pitch at home and lined buehler up for possible game 5 elimination game .
really happy for my boi ion he 's insanely intense and entertaining .
he 'll never be champ but i can see a good gatekeeper in him
the stars to eight pointed stars from it too .
change the nutmeg of grenada to the fire symbol found in national symbol of azerbaijan .
but i do n't like the fire symbol for some reason maybe the color ?
i hate to admit it but probably a simple compliment will do .
is it going to be a mini-series or a movie ?
think about it the jedi trained their messiah and through their rigidity and detachment could n't meet him as the person he was .
they pushed him right into the open arms of sidious .
sure in a perfect world he would have been a perfect jedi and not fallen in love and had temptations but the jedi were old enough to know better .
and let 's not forget that luke was as much a rebel as anakin and qui gonn were .
he was not the immaculate yoda or obi wan in doctrine .
he ran to help his friends when his masters said to let go .
he refused when his masters said to kill vader .
he loved vader unconditionally and in doing so saved the chosen one from himself so that he could finally save the galaxy .
so yeah a rebellious hastily trained jedi who openly rejected some of the core teachings saved the galaxy where the orthodox face of the jedi had failed .
having the chosen one fall into their laps an already exceptionally kind and selfless young boy should have been a layup for the jedi .
it really does n't get much easier than that .
no matter how you look at it they seriously messed up that it fell upon luke and leia for victory .
if you 're lucky enough to get them as babies they 'll bond with you forever .
we are the second owners and we kinda missed that window .
with gliders i feel like the window is always open .
get fucked dudes what are you gon na do now ?
if you 're the better team you 're gon na win comfortably sometimes close sometimes and lose close sometimes .
i can see how that may make you think reffing swings things either way
i do n't think i 've done a single playthrough and not shat my pants because of it ...
well thats the afk one but i get about 1.5mil in 40mins grinding the end with wise armor and aotd
you wo n't be disappointed prepare for a binge !
72 passing is gon na drag your rating down .
had a game with mbappé scoring 2 and 23/24 passes 1/2 crosses and a lot of touches who had a 9
yeah was looking at him a bit his finishing seems to be a bit of a problem but otherwise looks quality .
there was a bar 9 where i came from .
try repairing the game is all i hear from the pc players .
or apparently just uninstalling and reinstalling as a lot of the space needed is for the changes/movement of files ?
one of my parents dogs has a kong extreme ball only thing that lasts longer than a few days for him that he carries everywhere .
when he 's been outside with it and it 's slobbery and muddy and covered in twigs leaves etc my parents just wash it outside or take it off him and clean it inside while he waits patiently to get it back .
0-5 years after college 25k as a math tutor at college
11 years after college 260k moved to bay area for faang job
i liked my first software developer job ... but faang just pays too much money to even consider staying .
medusa using her np the way she did in ! hf vs salter ! instead of her fate route version would be a dream .
he reasoned out that for japanese people it 's normal to still be friends and hangout with an ex .
he did cheat on me multiple times even when we were still together in japan .
as the current partner i would always avoid doing things that will upset him .
what 's the point of being together if he wo n't respect my decision to say no .
three wrong items three long drawn out fights so much so i refuse to even consider using them anymore .
my parents did n't even try to keep track of 5 kids we did whatever we wanted to do hung out with whoever we wanted .
even at 10 years old 1972 we would trek up to the state park 10 miles away and hike to the tower at the top nobody but me and my little brother knew where we were .
long as the chair at the dinning room table had a body in it at dinner time they were good .
we never got in to too trouble but when we did having a marine corp drill instructor as a father we got punished well .
my kids mother could n't grasp the idea of letting my kids do what they wanted to do always tried to control them
i noticed that in the early episodes but it seems to be fixed in the later episodes .
blargh it 's so cool but every fibre of my being is screaming it 's just called mail ! ! ! ''
the rest of the uk just survives on lesser menial tasks p
i do n't even visit this sub regularly and this is the third time i 've seen it this month .
except there is n't a specific track owned by this group .
i got copyright claimed for playing a game that has nothing to do with said group .
you state before you white knight there bud two things are wrong with this i 'm not white knighting as my focus is not on the gender my focus is on a person is living in a tunnel yes this is a female adult actress i do n't care about gender my premise is that in mildly infuriated that this person is living in a tunnel and one of the reasons is that adult stars are paid crap if this was a homeless man who was in a tunnel my outrage would also be the same as per my earlier statement of no human should live in a tunnel i firmly believe no person of any race gender or creed should live in a god dam tunnel ... the second wrong thing is that you called me bud now i am a firm believer in the infinite universe theory but with a creature like you calling me bud i question the validity of the infinite universe theory as in no possible permutation there in would i ever call you my friend .
he keeps saying this and i ca n't for the life of me understand why .
he 's consistently described it as a perfect call '' which is confusing as hell .
the only idea i have is that he only knows like 6 adjectives and decided perfect '' was the best one for this .
his blaster feels on par with the best standard trooper blasters .
not as good as the republic jet trooper clone commando or arc trooper .
and yeah the sword stunlocks but for me has been taking all 3 hits to ko .
i was hoping for at most 2 with maybe a star card to one hit .
e wait mines from sep. 27 i prolly kicked your ass lmao
ya i 've been helping with optional okay i 'll try that now
this song does such a good job at giving me feelings of elation.. it 's like the riffs are rays of sunshine .
absolutely gon na be impatient as hell to wait until november 22 .
if his character doesnt know they 're bastards and they 're considered legitimate then they 're viable heirs .
the only problem he really has is the problem everyone has which is maybe too many heirs .
an inanimate object would have been a better choice than ava
so many fans for some reason judge things on past world cups and games from 30 years ago rather than the last 18 months .
it 's easier to blame the driver and not the 200 million dollar bus
if you have concerns about the moderation of this subreddit please contact modmail .
additionally all bug reports should be directed to discord testers http discord.gg/discord-testers .
wether you like it or not he leads the largest organized group in gaming history .
well that was just one giant cringefest from all involved
choose the 3 ghouls that you 're rooting for the most following this week 's episode .
i 'm dying that the 3 that the edit is pushing the most are the ones we 're rooting for the least
here is a post i made a few months ago .
you can also see a pic at my instagram kandosii
it was a simple job but very rewarding especially for my first custom in 11 odd years .
i saw something in an article about this but did n't understand the technical details so thanks for the information and putting it all into words !
i think i need to rewatch in order to pick up on this but it was obvious how the film was shot differently than the series for me so i at least noticed 🤣
have 360 degree pass through vision like the f22 raptor already does ... maybe we could even have weapons to distort or scramble video feed and leave our opponents relying on instruments .
there 's alot of different directions you could go with asymmetry unconventional design augmented vision and whatnot .
maybe miniature remote piloted drone fighters or kamikaze limpets !
i do n't think you would have to use it as a motion control have you never played a game on the wii that just plays like a regular controller or are you just spouting shit
thinking casually about why we harvest immediately after people die the cells are likely still relatively intact for plenty of independently functioning organs .
just get it in a self sustaining environment and i 'd imagine it does well .
however the complication with dead people is what damage has been done to the organs before death .
taking live young humans is like the dystopian ideal harvest victims .
you can take kidneys that have n't had to filter for 40 years etc .
probably why a priority research subject is organ growing from stem cells ? .
if you can over supply the market with cheapish non horrific organs grown on free range farms then rich assholes will flock and not tell their crew to use any means necessary .
edit not trying to say what i said is factual .
but i 'd wager this is the mindset of desperate people .
it 's a stolen meme but it 's a good meme
just to ask a stupid question before i updoot what is spikeball ?
i 've smoked all day every day for about 2 years now and i just do n't know ... it helps a lot with my confidence and feeling happy and acceptable to other people .
i am terrified of social rejection and am in my thirties which also embarrasses me .
i get that these feelings are not realistic and i would and can survive even if i 'm rejected but pot just helps me feel normal. i started seeing this psychiatrist and taking more meds but nothing beats the relief i feel from weed .
i do n't know if i can ever live without it .
i have n't smoked for 2 days now and i hate it .
i just want to smoke but i do n't have any on me and it 's expensive .
plus i want to face these fears head on but it sucks feeling judged because my social anxiety is the worst of anyone i have ever met .
it really sucks being sober and i also do n't think i can last very long without smoking at least a little bit .
just writing this to say you 're not alone .
people have told me i look 19 from the back and 12 from the front
i did not know they implemented sbmm i thought that was only in the arena playlist .
thank you for clearing that up for me i will attempt to stay more updated and no longer spread false information thank you for your time
and the characters are n't cheesy and very relatable especially the main female lead .
only thing is that there 's only one season so far and it leaves you with a cliffhanger .
it also made me feel extremely dehydrated despite adequate electrolyte and fluid intake .
you should try the natural lithia waters that come from various springs and see if that suits your physiology better .
op said he was from britain and i was simply saying i was too .
it 's a mental illness to just say tax more '' every time society encounters a problem
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
if you like to imagine shit like i do .
martians shoot themselves on foot by polluting the environment to the point it was almost over ... the last straw was when they actually launched nukes in large scale .
those nukes were more powerful than what mankind would ever imagine .
the land is nothing but a reminder ... sentient being such as humans might be good at many things but they are great at one thing .
someone did this on craigslist some years back starting with a pen and ended up with a car
well skill based matchmaking is in the game now so your chances of winning the same as everyone else 's .
i was looking through the big list of all banned subreddits saw r/publichealthwatch and felt the pangs of nostalgia for the simpler times when that sub was one of the most featured here .
i got to round 50 with the hammer with 2xp and leveled up twice i think they 've reduced by a large amount the xp you get while using it .
i once knew an enfj that was so reserved i thought she 's an introvert .
she grew up in a family full of hardships .
she 's surrounded by depressed/lost people whom she cared for really much .
since we enfjs take others feelings as our own in her situation they would becomes noises that we ca n't shut out .
that 's why she needs to find peace by herself or with her loved ones .
what separates her and us introvert '' enfjs from infjs is that our dominant function is fe before ni .
so we care more of others feelings and we would take action to fix things almost promptly out of our own inspiration .
do you need people 's appreciation to make yourself comfortable ?
would you take action to fix the situation or stand and judge ?
anyone can confirm he actually died in his cell ?
watched like 6 loops staring at the rock finally said fuck this and went to scroll ... oh the fucking thing is a tall video and the action was on the bottom .
check out this channel https www.youtube.com/channel/ucookqlg-hz0pfapc4ymg3ra it has tons of laptop fixes with all kinds of symptoms
and the guy shows/explains a lot of things while doing it
it 's not always good as new type of fix because of limited time and resources but finding the actual issue is the important part
you 're not even just average looking you 're very attractive .
this world is a better place having you in it .
it seems like your gf was hurt but she also did n't make the effort to try to communicate any of it to you in a healthy or helpful way .
fortunately she told you now and it seems like you both would like to work on it so my suggestion is just to be completely open with her about how badly it feels to know you 've hurt her how completely unintentional it is how unaware you have been and are of it and then i would ask her if she 's willing to help you stop by telling you in the moment so that you can recognize when you do it and maybe understand more of yourself about it so you have the ability to gain more consciousness of it in order to stop .
there is aurora store https gitlab.com/auroraoss/aurorastore by same author client for google play store
i was watching a lot of r/entitledparents and r/askreddit on youtube and i decided to get the app for myself
for a short time i thought this was a film photo .
they wo n't be able to leave without your direct assistance .
thats okay but you should talk to your boyfriend and only your boyfriend about that..you ca n't force him not to have friends regardless of how close they are .
its their friendship and they are allowed to have it..
how they met dose n't matter ... at all it just means they met while they both wanted to date and etc .
but dose n't matter at this point of time .
and she is a friend he finds comfort in sicne they spoke as you two broke up for a bit .
but he is allowed to talk to her if he desires ... you can dislike that and ask him to stop..but you ca n't force it..but to me based on what you have said you are the one acting up..not him or her ... they are allowed to be friends regardless of the type of friendship aslong as it dose n't go against you and your bfs bounderies and agreements on how you act in a relasionship..and if you two have n't spoked about bounderies and agreements in this..have that talk .
i asked because there are many many threads making claims that are easily proven wrong and they stay up without any mod jumping into them and putting up stickied comments .
there 's one in the top 5 right now with over 1000 upvotes .
so i was wondering what makes this thread so special .
did i say i was n't going to get legal advice ?
i just want to see what reddit has to say first .
very sweet combo thank you for the goofy grin spread across my face
he 's the british equivalent of an american darcey .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
the words of a person that can not convince anyone .
and any tease about the next waifunator waifus in the future ?
oh i did n't know the us wastes so much money .
you 'd be perfect for microblading as you already have a gorgeous shape ... you just need the patches filled back in .
if that does n't work i 'd suggest using a pencil that matches your eyebrow color to fill them in .
i was an ap/honors student back in highschool and i find college to be a mix of harder and easier .
it 's harder in the sense that with classes everyday 2 a day in which i drive a total of 1 hr 20 mins for back and forth and with extra curricular every other day another 2 hr since i got ta drop my brother home before going back to school i have little time to do anything .
classes generally start around 9 for me and end at 12 but my brother stays for another 6 hours which i stay for also in college i can actually fail unlike highschool where i was basically guaranteed graduation .
i also had a crappy work ethic in highschool which is n't translating well towards college .
i guess no one really pays attention to me ?
idk tbh if i did n't have to drive so much i bet it 'd be much easier .
great explanation for how their economy has been in the toilet for so many decades .
i would add that their views on immigration is also economically counterproductive .
to the us advantage they will be spinning their wheels for decades to come .
if you like what i do and would like to support me you can do so here https www.paypal.me/mnobbs90 thanks !
depending on expected opponents i would suggest you can add to the collection something shooty against mobs in addition to switch out .
dropping the cyclone missle guy and the battle leader would make room for a razorback with assault cannon or a redemptor dreadnaught to give you some s5 ap1 shots .
based on the first five weeks of the brownlow voting this seems about right .
but there is so much more going on at a b f voting .
players that play their roles week in week out will poll well .
and according to this you are guaranteed four votes if you turn up on the day
the voting system consists of four coaches giving each player a ranking from one to four after each match .
players can receive a maximum of 16 votes for a game .
just be really out of touch with reality and love to hear yourself talk and you will make a great batallion commander
trump provided the evidence of a quid pro quo himself .
even republicans are condemning that aspect of his phone call .
your submission appears to be a repost https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules wiki_3._no_reposts .
or a meme https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules wiki_what_is_a_meme.3f – a violation of rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules wiki_3._no_reposts .
or rule 2 https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules wiki_what_is_a_meme.3f respectively – and has therefore been removed .
if you feel this removal was done in error you may contact the subreddit 's moderators for manual appraisal .
please remember we are here as a representation of andrew yang .
do your part by being kind respectful and considerate of the humanity of your fellow users .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/yangforpresidenthq if you have any questions or concerns .
she was holding her arm uncomfortably long and she kept standing in front of the other host and blocking him from the view of the camera .
i thought she was ill turns out she just does n't like sharing a room with naked shoe-ladies .
but i do n't think being content with being unhealthy is .
thoughts to those in bihar during this trying time .
i 've noticed every single reply is an insult rather than a counter argument .
all the downvotes brigading insults and the rest you do ... it wo n't make you right .
i do n't know what you mean but thats thicc
he 's young and rated but he does n't fit either ole and jose as his technical ability is not good enough for top striker he ca n't link up play like firminho he 's poor target man and in hold up play despite great physical presence he 's also not a dynamic who can follow up withe martial rash and james pace he was gassed after half hour playing that way he 's typical poacher and neither ole or jose use one thats why he was short term signing as was just hyped up name and kind of marque '' signing for ed that does n't fit long term because he cant do anything else than receiving the ball in the edge of box to score some in the same time he has tendency of bottling easy chances and disappear in big games it was obvious he 's kind of di maria type of signing as soon as he did n't worked out for jose and would n't be used much since he could n't play any role he was asked for .
aint about that ... i dont trust the intentions of people who show up to a volatile protest and are identifiable .
if you can find them for sale the littmann cardiology s.t.c https www.4mdmedical.com/catalog/product/view/id/325332 ? cawelaid=120141310000056386 utm_source=google utm_medium=cpc adpos=1o9 scid=scplp3m4472 sc_intid=3m4472 gclid=eaiaiqobchmi44c566t45aiviibach3k6wj5eaqycsabegkil_d_bwe is by far the best stethoscope i 've ever used
the sign on the front of the one under canvas says
and many of the rest look like they were recently moved inside .
my parents had a similar experience years ago with a dodgy carpeting company .
a few people made claims against them and then they just went out of business and immediately began trading again under a different name .
personally i 'd pursue it but not get my hopes up too much .
i did n't get that feeling at all instead i was surprised by how fast-paced it was .
took the fizz out of the 1st 10minutes imo ...
she might be a nazi for all i know .
trump is either racist as shit or uses racist ideas and support to prop himself and his presidency up .
your living in a dream world like most of his supporters .
sounds like it bro i 'm a bit jelly tbh
so i 'll buy a happy meal from mcdonald 's then take pictures of it at every restaurant .
does n't say you have to buy the restaurant 's food .
it 's like a giant toilet that everybody in the world poops in and there is no flush so new poop just keeps piling up on the old poop and if you take a step back it 's just a giant pile of sh*t .
this has n't been a problem for me so i ca n't offer any better insight .
it 's coming like a thief in the night watch !
the rba 's job is not to manage house prices it is to manage inflation .
having said that low interest rates have not helped anywhere around the world .
japan and europe are both struggling to grow even with very low interest rates .
monetary policy has reached its limit fiscal policy must compensate .
now i wonder if those are still getting made and if there are any more 'adult ' versions by which i mean game depth and technical quality .
in the case of horses i know for a fact that there are just no good adult-oriented care-taking games around because i 've been researching the subject for about a year for the mane quest https www.themanequest.com .
see the review section https www.themanequest.com/reviews for stuff that exists but unfortunately a lot of it is not great .
you might have better luck for cats/dogs but i do n't have any good recs for you except perhaps sims and its pets expansions .
you 'll want to keep an eye on calico https www.kickstarter.com/projects/1885319905/calico-magical-girls-running-cat-cafes-0 i assume .
i 100 believe that this is an untapped market btw i think a ton of grown up people would love to play about taking care of animals but with depth and quality .
i think it 's official the tory party has people a lot worse than dianne abbott .
abbott got her numbers wrong once these three are all liabilities for the country .
eikös moton kuuluis olla tää on perseestä mutta perseet on kivoja
it 's driving electron apps actually the only difference is that the server essentially running locally .
if you see the asplabs repo for blazorelectron it uses the server side model the only difference is that instead of using signalr it uses`socket.io`for ipc .
but the whole app model is essentially a server side app that 's running on localhost powered by kestrel which does the heavy lifting diffing and sending the diff to the electron process latency is n't an issue since it 's localhost and is essentially one kestrel server per app .
i 've been trying to do some realistic pokemon art too but its so tricky with their proportions check some of my recent posts for what i 've done
tdp still related to the ppt value to keep under on average if the board vendor has n't opted to increase it beyond amds stock values .
imagine going to a psychoatrist and hearing that you 're ok your activities are just too boring .
over long periods of time expect roughly one block per ten minutes .
one could be mined seconds after the last or it could be an hour or more .
so let me tell you about pissing all over her face ! ''
memes become a problem when there is more memes than any other post .
at least that 's my opinion i prefer having 1 discussion post a day and nothing else than 10 meme/fanart/merchandise everyday
i do n't really see what point you are trying to make but i wo n't fight the idea that this was a more recent change in our society .
still does n't mean it 's a good change .
for lysithea turn the monastery cafeteria into a high protein/low carb facility .
i enjoyed it but i feel i missed a fair bit .
there was two groups of fucking obnoxious teenagers near us .
it took so much away from the movie for me .
those sharkers can be in both the ocean and freshwater .
like oh boy time to swim in the lake !
sharkie boi i 'm about to end this man 's whole life .
having a force that would actually enforce the rule of law against political leaders w/o regard for the politics of the situation ?
it has been nerfed iirc have to be in range to get bonuses or whatever .
pretty sure they tweaked some stuff when they redid some of the group mechanics a while back .
it gives me jet set radio vibes for some reason .
she decided to retire she experienced something no person nor hunter should go through .
she was forced to continue to the second half of the dungeon she willed her way during that dungeon willing to stay behind with jin-woo till the end .
she attempted to continue hunting while barely having the will power to continue forward .
she held on great did better then anyone can ask for .
hopefully when the manga ends jin-woo can visit her again and let her know that everything is alright now .
swing dancing is one of the most fun experiences you can have .
every dance partner brings a surprising move to your arsenal .
can anyone proxy me the 32oz until i get paid ?
this could be seen as a positive thing to have a positive image of one 's self .
r ally nitpicking here but 2d stopping his relative motion to the record and then moving forward on the jump is a bit jarring cause that 's not how this fictional 2d character why am i bother with this should work/look .
i knew i wanted peds but i was n't sure exactly what kind of unit or where .
i ended up applying for a safety job at the hospital i did clinical in and going to a new grad open interview event at a bigger children 's hospital a city over .
i interviewed for their float team and the manager completely sold me on it .
i had never even been inside this hospital and i accepted the job because the manager was so great and it seemed like a cool opportunity to see every unit in the hospital .
i would say apply for a wide variety or maybe float pool if that 's something you 're up for .
i know everyone says not to do that as a new grad and i get their point but i really like it and i 'm learning so much and getting so much experience !
you 're fucking stupid if you think that his server is going to die
can you imagine the uproar if they did though ?
i 'm trying to think of what analogue he would have to impulsively scream into the void old man yells at cloud-style .
i guess he could just go over to instagram or tik tok or something .
still his cultists would screech deep state censorship '' and a few of them would probably go on shooting sprees .
i 'm guessing twitter 's erring on the side of caution with the cost/benefit analysis of taking away the baby 's rattle .
still if shit does majorly go south and trump incites some kind of armed conflict because he 's days away from being impeached or removed from office twitter will have a lot to answer for .
they might not have blood directly on their hands but damn .
being the platform that a second civil war was started on will be their legacy for a loooong time .
i believe the theory that it 's a version of fen-fen from since the 80 's .
makes sense since it comes in pill form so he does n't consider it drugs just a pharmacutical but basically it 's meth .
sure sounds like you missed out on a good one there .
mexico canada and most of the eu would be on team democrat .
there are a lot of countries who will profit from a destabilized usa though and even small scale insurrections will leave the borders pretty open so it would n't be that hard to smuggle in things to support rebellion .
it is all ellen 's money they 're helping her lift it
i 've complimented guys a few times but sometimes it seems to get awkward .
not that they 're not interested lol but they do n't know how to take the compliment .
but i 've dated some guys who love them too lol or you see it in their face how they 're blushing or smiling lol .
idk you just have to feel people out lol are you approachable ?
yeah i do n't really see the point in debating this any further because we 're all basing our opinions off of our own apparently very different experiences/observations .
i guess it 's possible certain variables such as tolerance levels are coming into play as well
i do have a timer i just didnt plug it in properly when adjusting it
this will go yellow maybe green then red ... before it would go back to normal .
oh man looks like a rough week for most of us !
i was doing sooooooooo good but at the end of last week i got super paranoid and then basically hung out in my room most of the weekend instead of doing family stuff which i feel super guilty about .
back at work today but i 'm not gon na lie .
i 'm happy to have all of you to chat with though .
oh damn my apologies i 'll change it and give you credit dw
so you 're kinda like thorin who is learning spanish .
as someone who used to be really into mac when i was younger yeah they do this crap all the time .
someone already mentioned to do a preorder in the future and that 's really the best you can do .
mac was the first big brand that made a habit of chaotic limited le releases for makeup .
awesome collections like venomous villians and archie comics would sell out pretty much the second they dropped .
it 's odd they would tell them all right before a shift .
it reminds me of when managers ream everyone out and then are like ok go be happy for customers ! ''
where r u a little brown love is what u need
you should really take better photos of you 're gon na ask for weight guesses .
going off just your fingers alone there 's no way that 's 1.8 kilograms .
they 're going to add stuff to make it feel that it was but the reality is that this saga was poorly written and developed .
i really think if you wanted to allude to him it would have happened in tlj .
there 's no hint or anything just the weird twists that have no significant outcome on the plot .
this is based on averages rather than saying this is how every man or woman displays anxiety .
now we know why she manages to squeeze in all those extreme sports every weekend .
but do n't forget that she needs to lay on the floor to participate in her graduate classes ...
het enige dat voor de supporters telt is dat de man al bijna een half jaar bezig is maar dat roda nog geen cent heeft gezien .
wat voor redenen er ook kunnen zijn daarvoor de harde kern gaat toch niet luisteren in die situatie .
the rx570 4gb can be had for the same price and offers double the performance .
i like how he tells him motherf\*cker '' before punching him .
i never read the book and i could n't even keep watching .
it was n't even 'just ignore this other stuff and focus on this stuff and it works out . '
acting plot characters action it was all pretty awful .
if something happens after the big battle to redeem the movie then i would n't know because i shut if off in the beginning of the big battle .
nothing was going to happen i had n't already figured out anyways other than the last few stupid surprises .
and i 'm normally not salty about movies that do n't impress me .
it 's just something i did n't enjoy but i felt actually insulted watching rp1 like the entire movie was
you as the audience are too basic to understand counterculture so here 's some counter-counterculture .
it 's like normal culture with extra steps . ''
i no longer play until i have played a few casual games and the system is running smooth .
your submission has been automatically removed for the following reason s
your submission violates rule 2 no youtube videos with greater than 100,000 views are allowed .
if you believe your submission has been removed in error message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdeepintoyoutube as replies to this comment or pm 's to u/deepmodbot will not be read by the moderators .
so a lot of people will probably understand it .
i wish i could say that it was a science experiment or something but no .
somehow he is an intelligent caring adult now definitely not a serial killer .
dudes just salty do n't believe anyone has praised bosa as a pro bowl edge rusher yet or made ridiculous claims pretty sure we 're just happy our 1st round pick has potential .
thanks so much i am super excited to be an aunt !
look at this fatcat using a mattress for only one night .
genuinely wondering what constitutes bad and good plot devices ?
something to move the character and story with massive implications .
ex children of men scenario woman is raped becomes pregnant and that 's the first ten pages .
i found a bunch of sport climbing gear for crazy cheap and it was brand new gear .
ou clearly do as i explained by effects on electron vibration .
just because you perceive it that way or were n't taught the physics behind it does n't make it not true .
you clearly do n't as i explained that books do n't just naturally emit light .
just because the physics behind it make it true in the most literal sense does n't make it true in the practical sense of the word or in the context of the actual language the words are used in .
i 'm so scared what is this gon na be
competition ability each from 1 to 5 where 5 is the best
other attributes each from 1 to 5 where 5 is the best
i mean marvel is disney now and thanos was anything but .
he was evil because he was hurt and because he want to prevent more suffering even if he did that entirely the wrong way .
when it comes to star wars the villains do tend to be 1-dimensional however .
like snoke is just evil mcevilface kylo is just edgy teen with a lightsaber etc .
since it 's only part of the leaf i 'd think it 's a deficiency of some kind .
that may fit due to it being recently transported and a rooted cutting .
does n't seem like rot and it may be just fine and in need of some time to adjust .
signed under the condition that it gets replaced with this https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=l5azjblau1e
show me who does n't support an authoritarian government .
she gets a free pass like she could n't win the game because she 's a girl and he gets fucked over .
what i love about leach is he only plays qbs who have intangible accuracy then he builds up from there
sometimes it can be outside distractions that suck up all your energy
reminds me of that old meme this is how it goes
the banbies are one of the most dangerus animals so i built this cage to keep it secu oh my god
i am not ace but pan and i have no control over who i find hot or for what reason .
like a friend of mine said souls not holes .
well anyways got tangeled up in a poly relationship went into it saying their will be nothing sexual going on because i do n't feel it .
he said okay to that but later he started pressuring me into stuff .
saying things like he feels like he is not as important to me or that he feels that he is left out and just like he is not worthy .
i explained to him that love and sex are not tide together for me .
i only have sex with someone if i love him but that does n't mean that if i do n't have sex with someone i do n't love him .
he did not believe me and it spiraled out of control and i had to break it up .
people say they are okay with stuff but then they are n't .
the world is not ready for our type of love i guess
saasaweeeett nice looking pup ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i do n't like his harness though not s big deal its just there are better-out there but if you like that one i support you
ngl i giggled quite a bit at this i 'd be so befuddled if i worked at a bookstore and someone asked me that
it 's so frustrating to see her using s2 or just s1 on a fully debuffed unit .
but a 4 to 3 ratio sounds about right to be honest .
then again i ca n't see 3 aragorn 's losing to 4 jon snow 's
the game comes with character mats that suggest places to store cards around them there was a kickstarter for an official roll-up player mat with defined areas and people have made lots of 3d printed or laser cut versions .
improving quality of life during gameplay is still a wide-open opportunity .
and then as with any game new player onboarding can always be improved .
there are a ton of things your students could do in that space .
most people in china do n't even have cars .
she speaks eloquently on the need to have a healthy planet '' .
lol no she did n't and that 's why people hate her .
for the first time ever we get to talk about climate change to the un and it was wasted by an immature teenager who made empty threats .
indulge in things you love and ease your senses !
buy yourself new soap/bath bomb and relax in the bath/shower .
wear comfy pajamas and wrap yourself in your favorite blanket .
sometimes comforting things help me relax and handle the pain better .
ok but why the fuck would your first thought be to get the 12 gauge from upstairs ?
besides i think that shockwave motif looks very cool .
i imagine it 'll go to either lucio or doomfist .
i have no idea how someone like you could end up alone i would break the geneva convention for a chance with you lmao
that 's why you 're in the gluteus maximus class !
so is it advisable to get a bunch of these and take them to the jawa ?
one of us kiwis will post here on wednesday once we see notification
yeah you 're not an assholes just make sure your communication is strong op goodluck
i have n't heard him in a couple years now but i remember he used to sound more and more like master shake from aqua teen hunger force as he worked himself up .
i bought a tacx years back when i used to bike race it was good for the time and there was only one real competitor back then that had on line software and racing ... . it sat in a box though as i much prefer biking outside even in the winter we used to shovel out kanata lakes and race it way back then
here 's a sneak peek of r/here using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/here/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
i do n't have a particular playlist but i often think of bloodborne 's ! ludwig the accursed and ludwig the holy blade ! for my bloodhunter .
a character fascinated by creatures and killing them to learn about them but has to be careful not to loss himself in the heat of combat .
i want to come home unless the local government persecutes me for my crimes .
i just made this literally just finished eating and it was awesome !
add me for the 30 days waiting period and please leave a comment which items you 're interested in and buyer will always go first no exceptions .
the minimum fee for reservation is 1 key and you pay the rest in the 30th day
drow ranger sight of the kha-ren faithful https dota2.gamepedia.com/sight_of_the_kha-ren_faithful only 1 left !
bloodseeker fury of the bloodforge https dota2.gamepedia.com/fury_of_the_bloodforge only 1 left !
clockwerk directive of the sunbound https dota2.gamepedia.com/directive_of_the_sunbound only 1 left !
pangolier tales of the windward rogue 0|**2 keys buyer https steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116353845 sᴜᴄᴄᴇssғᴜʟʟʏ ᴛʀᴀᴅᴇᴅ https imgur.com/pfotfdk
adornments of the jade emissary earth spirit 0~~|**2 keys buyer https steamcommunity.com/id/mitzibel sᴜᴄᴄᴇssғᴜʟʟʏ ᴛʀᴀᴅᴇᴅ https imgur.com/zec4hiu
allure of the faeshade flower dark willow 0|**2 keys buyer https steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198116353845 sᴜᴄᴄᴇssғᴜʟʟʏ ᴛʀᴀᴅᴇᴅ https imgur.com/1kvehw5
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
this is an automatic reminder that is posted on every submission .
rule 2 reminder this is a support community https www.reddit.com/r/creepypms/wiki/rules wiki_rule_two.3a_be_civil_and_supportive as such we do not tolerate trolling defending the creep judgment of op or any other jerkish behavior .
creeping in the comments is not allowed—**yes this includes flirting !
comments derailing the conversation in any way will be removed .
no advice wanted flairs are now available to add to your posts !
this means that comments giving advice will be removed .
please report any and all behavior violating the rules reports go to us mods do n't report things just because you do n't like them .
comment removals and bans are at the judgment of the mods so please take the time to read and understand our rules https www.reddit.com/r/creepypms/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/creepypms if you have any questions or concerns .
admittedly it was a terrible agency but yes ... just abysmal .
some hof records do take a few listens to get into though .
lmao given the context i really thought for a second you meant doctor '' before i remembered document '' was a thing
if you are visiting r/tattoos for the first time or visiting from r/all please be aware of all of the rules in the sidebar and stickied threads before posting .
common issues that will get you banned are any comments on personal appearance any discussion about pricing of any kind aftercare/medical advice or questions and trolling .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tattoos if you have any questions or concerns .
i didnt know shanking balls out of the arena was manly but id tell you not to try so hard next time i guess
and by testify he means plead the fifth obstruct and/or do that weird asked/answered thing a la lewnadoski .
i 'm not an economist but should n't we see a pattern of job decline as we move more and more into automation as a society ?
this does n't seem to be happening at all .
i too do n't really know what my style is but as long as its black and punk it 'll probably be my style !
i know you 'll find your own style too !
you can have fun in any car really though right ?
just the mazda3 is focused more on safety and comfort than fun right ?
loads of safety equipment electronic steering/throttle big and heavy understeers for safety etc .
i took my 14 to a mx5 track day and i mean i had fun only because it was so crazy to drive could n't really feel the road and could n't drive fast at all but was kinda fun i guess .
if i was going to get a car that blends in and has to be a sedan it would be a mazda 3 mps or mazda 6 mps if for some reason it had to be a mazda
i searched bear red line red star and california republic text
that 's what i was thinking not even the punch coulda hit his head on the concrete
40 orbs and pulled kjelle free and then 2 thrasir .
1 i used exactly one gold apple this event to do all the special quests in one sitting .
i wish i had n't because i finished the event with 5 days to spare .
2 no none of the mats with good drop rates interest me .
i went looking myself and did n't find anything from gw that makes it clearer .
it could just as easily be interpreted as once per turn or even per phase .
it auld also trigger off mortal wounds as they count as wounds inflicted..
first of all i want to point out that i 'm a trans mtf person .
back before i transitioned i had this really close girl friend .
we would hang out pretty often and just talk and relax there was n't anything romantic about it .
she was the first i told about being trans and since then she has been my support person and i 'm so happy to have her .
but whenever we hung out just the two of us everyone around us was always like awwhh you 're goals '' and when are you moving in together ? ''
we got sooo tired of it because we 'd agreed that a romantic relationship would be way more harmful to both of us especially since i was focusing on transitioning .
now we 've moved in together wow who would 've guessed and absolutely no-one suspects there might be any romantic involvement .
so tl dr everyone thought my friend and i were a couple before i transitioned to a girl but no one suspects it nowadays .
nintendo of america exists for localization and shit like this
wanting to pee but physically not being able because there 's a rock in the way is a pain in the ass 🤦🏻‍♂️
the whistleblower works in the white house and the people that gave them the info also work in the white house and were involved with the call .
we learned this fairly soon after the whole story broke .
i not saying its not impressive it certainly is .
we waited more than a year few days/weeks would n't hurt just do n't fucken say you 're going to drop it and keep changing it
i 'd rather not even know and ye just drop it as a surprise cause i 'm tired of wasting time refreshing this sub and every kanye fan account page
you consume literal propaganda if you consume most american media .
people screech about russian propaganda chinese propaganda etc but the usa is just as bad .
just because you believe it does n't make it real .
republicans '' but it will make us feel safer !
i am well aware of how circumstances shape a person .
but unless there is a good reason for a change it will still be whitewashing .
if you take draco malfoy and after hermione beat him in every exam at the end of year 1 he decides to find out why the mudblood bested him and through a lengthy process he ends up questioning pureblood supremacy in the end that 's fine .
but if a postwar fic downplays his war crimes that 's whitewashing .
for a good '' riddle you need a massive au where his mother is n't abused and does n't rape his father but that is bound to guarantee that riddle wo n't actually be born since that would require the same sperm cell reaching metrope 's egg at the same time as in canon for him to exist something that is so statistically unlikely that you can call it impossible .
riddle was a sadist by eleven and being raised by an inbred rapist as a mother would most likely not be much of an improvement .
so you are left with a what if he was a good person '' divergence which is the definition of whitewashing .
andreescu really needs to sort out these dips in her game ...
if the raiders lose i think i might need to take a long break from footy
so do you think you could handle all of it ?
try to smile bro you 'll look more approuchable to ppl around .
but keep in mind only to smile for your own sake and not for the likes of some one else
i 'm kind of on the other side of the world !
that 's my further maths a level homework i 'm from the uk
our daughter was born early december last year and sil wanted to come visit when she was weeks old .
since it was flu season so asked if she got the flu shot .
he told her she needed to if she was going to come see our newborn during flu season .
this began a very long argument about the effectiveness of flu shots that took place over multiple phone calls .
so stayed firm that it was necessary for her to get the flu shot if she was visiting during flu season .
our daughter is almost 10 months and sil still has n't visited even though we said she was welcome outside of flu season especially after the 3 months old mark but i do n't regret our decision cuz our girl has only been sick twice since birth with very minor colds .
i do n't understand the anti-flu shot mentality ... .
where there 's a separate chapter in the rule book on rules and penalties that only apply to us
does n't want soil grows better in bark ... ..or proper orchid compost which will be based on bark .
also get a proper orchid pot one with holes all over ... ..roots need to breathe .
cut away the dead brown roots the pale green ones are the healthy ones .
as for getting it to flower again best of luck i have never managed and have loads of them that have been growing for years .
reminder to everyone anything that has n't happened yet in the anime is a spoiler .
to the op if you want to discuss things in the manga please flair the post as '' manga spoilers '' .
this comment is automatically posted in every thread not marked for spoilers just as a reminder
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bokunoheroacademia if you have any questions or concerns .
enjoying the sex is the worst recommendation in this case .
i personally hate painting white so having apothecary white is essential .
i can just dollop it over corax white and pretend i am an amazing painted and i totally shaded all that white honest !
well i subscribed to both the dc and marvel online services and it seems like they have a ton of old comics on there .
i am hoping i can catch up on stuff i missed out on as a kid .
you ca n't afford to buy every comic off the comic book rack as a kid !
the only comics i can find at a grocery store nowadays are archie comics and yes i buy every new issue of betty and veronica that comes out !
you and i may get things done on windows but it 's not true for every person or profession .
for example most employee computers at google are macs .
they seem to get a lot done like developing android .
macs are popular with some it and software professionals for the same reason microsoft has added powershell to attract the professionals who need a unix like command-line shell to run the same scripts on their development machine that they 're running on their servers .
macs have been able to do that for almost two decades and microsoft added powershell to catch up .
so i think it 's disingenuous to suggest that people are n't actually getting things done on macs .
omg he 's so effing happy to be with you ! !
you 're still fairly lucid when you 're rolling you 're not as out of control as this .
it makes you wan na dance and hug random people and yaddah yaddah but in my experience you 're lucid enough to know that hugging strangers and whatnot is n't a good idea .
you 're certainly lucid enough to know not to do what this dude 's doing .
i hope they finally have an accurate systems failure model .
my ex lives in phoenix i 'll test that there .
they will look.. then just do absolutely nothing as the ruins of the british empire burns https www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/hong-kong-kashmir-palestine-ruins-british-empire-fire-190925122530155.html .
huh northgard even crashes at pc because out of memory..
amazing glad to see you actually got around to this
that movie had a really special feel to it that i think is lost on many younger people especially .
it 's sorta of a weird call back to early days when travel was the way to grow instead of the internet .
there 's also this amazing humanity to been stiller 's eyes you can see the world changing in it .
it 's no wonder it was a passion project .
i wish more people would step out and actually think about what they are seeing in it .
i did n't because i do n't feel the need to do it if i start dating i 'll say that it 's a guy if they ask i 'll simply tell the truth .
i think they 'd be mostly ok with it .
i have been searching for that movie all day but google kept trying to tell me it was michael or charlie 's angels lol
which do you think is better squids or octopuses ?
i could n't even make it through that sentence before i lost all my shits like a shit collector with amnesia .
side note i seriously do n't get being such a spoil-sport that the monsters inc theme would ruin the mood .
my partner and i probably woulda cackled at that and powered through like it was meant to be !
the fact that it is haram to spend time with non mahrams alone ... that 's what 's wrong .
to be fair that 's exactly what they said in the email they sent out to their customers to explain their shipping problems .
they also said they were having trouble funding the orders after the distribution issue .
my problem was that before they sent that email there were significant delays in my order and when i asked them about it they said they would send them out in the next few days .
about a month after that they sent the email out to everyone explaining the situation .
they sent more emails out a week or two later saying that they had resumed shipping but i still had n't received my order .
so i sent them another email and they again said they would ship it out in a couple days .
a month or two after that i sent them another email and they did n't respond at all .
i sent multiple other emails and still no response .
i sent them messages on facebook daily and after about a week of that they finally sent out my order .
because she 's the only warrior who 's capable of real empathy and compassion .
she also hesitated to let marco die and plus armin was super nice to annie .
annie did n't have to kill armin either her goal is to retrieve the coordinate and wipe out humanity .
marco only died because reiner and bertholdt were too sloppy .
and boomers do n't realize why some of their kids hate them ...
can i get a double double but with 2 milk and two sweetener ? ''
thanks for being overly complicated for two milk two sweetener
if you exchanged dollars for bitcoin you lost one kind of money dollars and gained a different kind bitcoin .
if you later exchange bitcoin for dollars you 'll lose one kind of money bitcoin and gain a different kind dollars .
you may end up with more dollars or less dollars than you started with and can compare your total monetary worth between the two points to say if you gained money or lost money over the total process .
equally you may do it the other way around and first exchange some bitcoin for dollars then later exchange dollars for bitcoin .
you may end up with either more or less bitcoin and comparing those values will tell you if you made money or lost money .
the point is that both dollars and bitcoin are types of money and you can measure gains '' or losses '' in both when trading/speculating/gambling .
which kind of money you prefer to have depends on you .
personally i see bitcoin as a much better kind of money than any fiat currency and so prefer to have that .
i do n't however consider gambling on the exchange rate between bitcoin and other currencies to be something i am interested in doing .
i hope you plan on sharing more of them and more of yourself .
i really want to get my tnp vinyl signed haha
my only guess is that it was a bug .
we have to deal with game breaking bugs almost everyday .
i would have liked to have them but i 'm not buying a dlc for them .
well except cancer cant be cured in the sense like its your run of the mill disease .
so maybe they have found far more effective methods but a cure ?
throw her in the well if she drowns she is not a witch if she does n't she is and we burn her at the stake !
i desperately wanted to kill my self for about a year .
if someone has truly suffered for a long time and has exhausted all resources and tried all known fixes and they still want to die then i would understand having been there myself .
i doubt i would have lasted much longer had i not recovered .
that being said i will always advocate for continuing to live but i understand the pain and understand why people kill them selves .
hopefully they can find love and support and make it through .
prioritization perception sensing over the imagination/ether and memory reallocating .
this week 's image was chosen on behalf of u/aliigleed the winner in battle 371 https www.reddit.com/r/photoshopbattles/comments/cv9q5z
the stock image for battle 372 is ... baseball player tripping https i.imgur.com/6pe3dwn.jpg
receive 3 months of reddit gold http www.reddit.com/gold/about courtesy admin u/chtorrr .
if this is your first win your standard flair http i.imgur.com/g9lf3cb.png will be replaced by this winners ' flair http i.imgur.com/frx313g.png .
on your second win you 'll get this winners ' flair http i.imgur.com/yjrg5s4.png etc .
get to keep the trophy http i.imgur.com/zd7bgxx.png for a week after which it 's handed on to the next winner .
submit your entry as a comment to this thread .
to vote for an entry just upvote the users comment .
you can vote for as many different entries as you want but please do not downvote .
these will be handed out by a bot but due to our comment hiding system sometimes it misses people .
if you entered but did n't get one just send the mods a message http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fphotoshopbattles and we 'll fix you up .
winners can enter weeklies for which they have submitted the stock image but they will not be eligible to win .
if you see anything inappropriate that 's not tagged either report the comment or send a message to the moderators .
all entries will be hidden for the first 48 hours .
voting will open on tuesday after which all entries will be visible .
contest mode http www.reddit.com/r/bestof2012/comments/159bww/introducing_contest_mode_a_tool_for_your_voting will be enabled for another 24 hours .
this will sort comments randomly obscure vote counts and automatically minimize child comments .
from there on out each comment 's vote total will be visible and entries can be sorted by karma just like any other reddit thread .
the battle will end on saturday september 7 th .
next week 's battle will be posted early sunday morning .
hey i 'm coming up from portland and am looking to buy a sunday pass .
me and my buddies are planning to go to europe these year in stead of out west where we usually go .
i have been reading online and on some threads here that say that europe does n't get as much snow and if you want to get to the real terrain you have to get avy gear .
and are there any areas that have the same kind of in bounds terrain as places like jackson hole or whistler that you dont need avy gear or a guide for ?
if pming with the intent to purchase please include the shipping option you want and your country .
i can also be reached on discord seoulcialite 4633 .
airmail with tracking 10-14 days ranges from 5 under 300g to asia to 30 2kg to na/eu
packages over a certain size and/or over 2kg can not be sent via airmail .
ems 3-5 days ranges from 15 under 500g to singapore to 70 4kg to the us
most items are quoted with airmail or ems shipping rates to the us .
ems rates to other countries are usually considerably cheaper .
please pm me for airmail and/or ems rates to your country no city or postal code information needed .
built with lubed zeal zilent v2 67g switches and zeal stabilizers
includes extra pcb grey aluminum caps and red aluminum caps will only be sold as a bundle
mt3 godspeed 2u spacebar kit or only the apollo 2u spacebar can trade with ares 2u spacebar
can i somehow check what clans i was previously in ?
note stable 0.d is now recommended for newer players or any person who does n't want to risk game breaking bugs .
experimental versions will be riskier back up your saves .
.45acp military pistols 33295 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33295 by tenmillimaster https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=tenmillimaster in build 9547 .
added descriptions for copy-from abstract delete and extend 33540 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33540 by snipercup https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=snipercup in build 9547 .
add migo scout tower 33549 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33549 by curstwist https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=curstwist in build 9547 .
add more mi-go related structures prepare location for a new mission line for faction .
adjust and add missions for isherwood faction 33537 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33537 by curstwist https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=curstwist in build 9547 .
content add noise vehicle parts deconstruct 33573 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33573 by snipercup https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=snipercup in build 9557. add noise vehicle parts deconstruct muffler chimes stereo beeper .
33582 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33582 by faefux https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=faefux in build 9557 .
dead people tileset update modtileset for desert region with fixed sand 33587 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33587 by somedeadguy https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=somedeadguy in build 9558 .
minor hub 01 mapgen updates 33644 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33644 by john-candlebury https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=john-candlebury in build 9564 .
added new looters '' map extra 33704 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33704 by night-pryanik https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=night-pryanik in build 9572 .
added map extra with a rather low chance to spawn in all build type of locations .
map extra will create up to 5 hostile bandits armed with either ranged or melee weapons with equal chances .
33678 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33678 by shotgunface https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=shotgunface in build 9572 .
update taurus raging bull to accept .410 shells and updated 454 speedloader to accept .45 colt .
more snippets 33654 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33654 by sirpiecemaker https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=sirpiecemaker in build 9576 .
npc activity rework farming and generic multi-activity loop 32730 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/32730 by davidpwbrown https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=davidpwbrown in build 9552 .
now the npcs do not need the components placed near the construction blueprint they can go and fetch them from nearby loot zones they will go and fetch seeds shovels etc for farming tasks and place the remainder back afterwards .
add new mission/talk effect u\_learn\_recipe 33574 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33574 by ralreegorganon https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ralreegorganon in build 9555 .
using zone as firewood source while handling item activity 33372 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33372 by pierredavidbelanger https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=pierredavidbelanger in build 9561 .
i face the same problem described in issue 32979 regarding the requirement of light .
and i liked the proposal of using zone instead to designate firewood source .
baffle strikes 33542 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33542 by tenmillimaster https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=tenmillimaster in build 9567. implements baffle strikes on suppressors .
tweak blackpowder smoke quantities 33713 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33713 by tenmillimaster https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=tenmillimaster in build 9574 .
practice survival when harvesting 33570 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33570 by ralreegorganon https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ralreegorganon in build 9549 .
martial arts rebalance for karate 33510 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33510 by hymore246 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=hymore246 in build 9552 .
granularize cartridge reloading part 1 got ta keep em separated 33310 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33310 by tenmillimaster https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=tenmillimaster in build 9552 .
clean up homemade mags and guns 33376 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33376 by tenmillimaster https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=tenmillimaster in build 9552 .
33579 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33579 by kevingranade https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=kevingranade in build 9555 .
remove parasites from cooked kidney and make it safe to eat 33599 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33599 by ampersand55 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ampersand55 in build 9556 .
armored creatures wo n't take damage from stepping on a sharp or rough terrain types 33608 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33608 by night-pryanik https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=night-pryanik in build 9557 .
obsolete homemade laser pistol 33622 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33622 by kevingranade https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=kevingranade in build 9559 .
update mission rewards isherwood 33634 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33634 by curstwist https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=curstwist in build 9562 .
disable generic rewards for hub 01 missions 33641 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33641 by john-candlebury https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=john-candlebury in build 9563 .
update light emitting tools charges per turn 33665 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33665 by chaisawlajatang https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=chaisawlajatang in build 9567 .
wheel hub assemblies and wheel adjustments 33520 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33520 by hirmuolio https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=hirmuolio in build 9567 .
make braziers and camp chairs deconstructable 33652 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33652 by widdershin https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=widdershin in build 9568 .
bring turrets into line with real rws 33436 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33436 by ymber https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ymber in build 9577 .
adjust turrets to reflect real world remote weapon systems .
disallow certain activities while riding 33165 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33165 by davidpwbrown https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=davidpwbrown in build 9545 .
as per 31284 lots of things are currently possible while riding that perhaps should not be .
i 've disallowed the activities i judge should be impossible .
npcs always restock on first trading conversation 33536 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33536 by mlangsdorf https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=mlangsdorf in build 9547 .
fix random npcs offering static npc missions 33541 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33541 by curstwist https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=curstwist in build 9547 .
make panaceus have the size of your thumbnail as described 33552 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33552 by l29ah https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=l29ah in build 9547 .
fix 33486 'all furniture storage became 1000l ' by reverting furniture max\_volume 33534 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33534 by ampersand55 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ampersand55 in build 9547 .
disable marloss voice random spawning 33558 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33558 by john-candlebury https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=john-candlebury in build 9547 .
remove inconspicuous trait 33572 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33572 by kevingranade https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=kevingranade in build 9549 .
fixed evolution does n't happen with initial day set at 30 33450 '' 33487 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33487 by ipcyborg https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ipcyborg in build 9552 .
lower the strength required to move tables 33575 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33575 by l29ah https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=l29ah in build 9555 .
change throwable extinguisher to perish after use 33561 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33561 by artur-kink https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=artur-kink in build 9555 .
removes the throwable extinguisher if it is activated in fire .
also increase the effect a tiny bit to make it more useful .
npcs training the player max skill fix 33577 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33577 by thor-kiessling https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=thor-kiessling in build 9555 .
33503 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33503 by ipcyborg https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ipcyborg in build 9557 .
fix for auto-zone tilling soil crash 33600 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33600 by davidpwbrown https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=davidpwbrown in build 9557 .
fixed snow glare is active during night time 33413 '' 33423 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33423 by ipcyborg https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ipcyborg in build 9558 .
prevented active cellphone flashlight with no battery from spawning 33610 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33610 by night-pryanik https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=night-pryanik in build 9558 .
replaced fixed threshold with a comparison of dealt damage to cut protection value 33612 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33612 by night-pryanik https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=night-pryanik in build 9558 .
fixed craft consumes materials and wo n't start 33146 '' 33395 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33395 by ipcyborg https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ipcyborg in build 9558 .
fix multidrop window does not update drop amounts '' 33212 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33212 by antipin00 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=antipin00 in build 9559 .
fix for npc infinite loop when pulping 33616 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33616 by davidpwbrown https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=davidpwbrown in build 9559 .
correct recipe subcategory for five vehicle parts 33620 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33620 by hirmuolio https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=hirmuolio in build 9559 .
added bionic claws ' cutting abilities to the item action menu 33627 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33627 by night-pryanik https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=night-pryanik in build 9559 .
fix unfold vehicle 33624 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33624 by schillingcodes https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=schillingcodes in build 9559 .
unfolding a folded vehicle in another vehicle results in the folded vehicle vanishing .
fix rm13 fuel efficiency 33621 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33621 by firestorm01x2 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=firestorm01x2 in build 9559 .
re-fix aim move-all 33637 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33637 by qrox https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=qrox in build 9564 .
mp7 stat corrections 33617 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33617 by tenmillimaster https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=tenmillimaster in build 9566 .
fix mx\_portal map extra spawning in air 33645 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33645 by ralreegorganon https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ralreegorganon in build 9567 .
fix aftershock mod 33676 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33676 by rail-runner https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=rail-runner in build 9567 .
fixes mixed gunpowder recipe charges 33677 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33677 by tenmillimaster https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=tenmillimaster in build 9567 .
fixed zone construction build wooden wall builds window instead .
32965 '' rebased 33673 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33673 by ipcyborg https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ipcyborg in build 9568 .
fix .pot line ending conversion gobbling characters on mac 33680 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33680 by qrox https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=qrox in build 9568 .
obsoletes luty smg recipes 33679 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33679 by tenmillimaster https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=tenmillimaster in build 9568 .
33681 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33681 by davidpwbrown https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=davidpwbrown in build 9568 .
adds display\_category '' display\_ranged '' to the spellcraft skill .
33690 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33690 by snipercup https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=snipercup in build 9569 .
fixed infinite loop on auto-sorting 33598 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33598 by davidpwbrown https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=davidpwbrown in build 9571 .
trading ownership 33685 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33685 by petethegoat https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=petethegoat in build 9571 .
vehicles watercraft move in shallow water with sensible stamina loss 33692 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33692 by mlangsdorf https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=mlangsdorf in build 9571 .
fix bipod gunmod not requiring mountable furniture 33699 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33699 by anothersimulacrum https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=anothersimulacrum in build 9571 .
fix large storage battery installation 33700 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33700 by rail-runner https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=rail-runner in build 9571 .
fix items spawning with bday at 0 instead of calendar start\_of\_cataclysm 33714 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33714 by hirmuolio https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=hirmuolio in build 9573 .
items in some locations would spawn with their bday at 0 .
this is wrong and they all should spawn with bday at calendar start\_of\_cataclysm .
do n't assign invalid ids on player load 33717 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33717 by jbytheway https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=jbytheway in build 9573 .
fix overmap mission direction marker 33718 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33718 by jbytheway https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=jbytheway in build 9573 .
fix display of overmap mission direction marker when mission target is on another z level .
remove redundant boolean comparison 33720 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33720 by korggent https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=korggent in build 9574 .
hide bag goes on strapped layer 33722 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33722 by fris0uman https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=fris0uman in build 9574 .
fix random npcs spawning with cop mission as prisoners 33724 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33724 by anothersimulacrum https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=anothersimulacrum in build 9574 .
change from using translated string comparison in npc overmap pathfinding 33723 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33723 by davidpwbrown https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=davidpwbrown in build 9574 .
show if monsters and npcs are aware of the player 33643 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33643 by petethegoat https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=petethegoat in build 9563 .
let the player figure out with certainty if monsters can see them without using v or a hud addon .
skill list ui 33590 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33590 by akozhevn https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=akozhevn in build 9567 .
change 'wait til dawn/dusk ' is to 'daylight/night ' 33651 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33651 by alkemann https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=alkemann in build 9567 .
allow mission descriptions to refer to the effects of the mission .
33411 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33411 by petethegoat https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=petethegoat in build 9571 .
only answer if your a thief once per location 33492 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33492 by alkemann https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=alkemann in build 9571 .
implement selective auto note preferences and a manager gui to modify them 33560 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33560 by nshcat https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=nshcat in build 9571 .
fixed the labels panel for needs to have room for everything 33712 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33712 by alkemann https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=alkemann in build 9573 .
config spell message for cast in json 33493 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33493 by alkemann https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=alkemann in build 9557 .
spells can now be given a custom message when cast .
blacklist kevlar zombies in mundane zombies mod 33626 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33626 by hirmuolio https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=hirmuolio in build 9559 .
mainline and update some aftershock content 33147 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33147 by rail-runner https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=rail-runner in build 9565 .
fujimod the roofening 33702 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33702 by notfuji https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=notfuji in build 9572 .
clang-tidy bugprone-use-after-move 33557 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33557 by jbytheway https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=jbytheway in build 9547 .
change all instances of 'volume ' in jsons to be a metric string ii the empre strikes back 33551 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33551 by ampersand55 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ampersand55 in build 9548 .
doc move json inheritance wiki page to json inheritance.md and update it 33569 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33569 by snipercup https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=snipercup in build 9550 .
android build updates 2019-08-27 33583 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33583 by zhilkinserg https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=zhilkinserg in build 9555 .
allow missions to specify if they provide generic rewards 33607 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33607 by ralreegorganon https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ralreegorganon in build 9558 .
character migrate my\_fac down from npc 33595 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33595 by mlangsdorf https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=mlangsdorf in build 9559 .
in preparation for fixing some bugs in the npc trading interface move my\_fac out of npc and into character .
npc operates as it did previously but player has an override that always returns the your\_followers faction .
adjust predicted npc skill training level 33625 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33625 by kevingranade https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=kevingranade in build 9559 .
memorial through event bus 33507 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33507 by jbytheway https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=jbytheway in build 9566 .
simplify and improve flatpak support 33658 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33658 by rohanlean https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=rohanlean in build 9567 .
weights can be defined using a string 33470 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33470 by fris0uman https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=fris0uman in build 9570 .
monster spell msg 33615 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33615 by alkemann https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=alkemann in build 9571 .
add u/npc\_adjust\_var and u/npc\_compare\_var effects and conditions 33660 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33660 by ralreegorganon https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ralreegorganon in build 9571 .
provides the ability for missions and dialogues to increment and decrement user and npc vars and compare the stored var to a value using a variety of operators .
move event class into namespace cata 33721 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33721 by jbytheway https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=jbytheway in build 9574 .
cleaned the code as per the code review 33538 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33538 by pierredavidbelanger https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=pierredavidbelanger in build 9577 .
use mass strings for items 33474 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33474 by ymber https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=ymber in build 9577 .
cata\_variant enhancements 33697 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33697 by jbytheway https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=jbytheway in build 9577 .
routine i18n updates on 30 aug 2019 33670 https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/pull/33670 by brettdong https github.com/cleverraven/cataclysm-dda/commits ? author=brettdong in build 9568 .
hi i need to obtain a small device for discreet vaping .
uwell caliburn seemed like a popular choice but i 'm concerned about report of leaking .
can you recommend a device that 's small stealth and that wo n't leak ?
sometimes i get 2v10 and sometimes i get 1v5 games as scavenger ...
i just want to play 2v10 when it 's available on sundays but it 's not guatanteed to queue me into a 2v10 match .
mm and i are on the same page regarding our upcoming federal election .
so i said better get the mrs on board .
there 'll be an uninformed argument for sake of having one .
alrighty then..at least i know nothing has changed on the homefront lol .
i 've tried so many things to develop my fi and explore my mind .
i 'm starting to come to the conclusion that my natural self is just a mirror .
i adapt to those around me unconsciously and pick up on their desires and wants/needs to the point where it can even subconsciously affect my own sense of self .
i tried meditating writing down my goal and doing all of that but it just serves to guide me back to the position for my future i 've forced my self to stick to so i 'm not wasting time being lazy and on some bullshit .
as soon as i turn off my fake filter '' in conversations i just become silent .
like nothing pops up in my mind and i have to actively find something to speak out and it comes out forced and thought out .
even if it does n't it took too much effort .
but i 've explored my mind with all of things you can think of and seems to me like underneath is just a mirror .
if any of my fellow intps conquered this issue and were still able to be social how tf did you manage it ?
hey guys thanks to this sub i tried out mac f b c3 and nyx concealer in medium olive and wow i ca n't believe i 've been wearing such bad matches for so long .
i 'm nearing needing to make a full sized foundation purchase and i love the feel of f b and the way it does n't settle in lines on my face or oxidize horribly used to use fenty .
i 'm looking for something somewhat more matte and maybe more coverage i use a stippling brush to apply so i 'm using the minimum amount of product possible since i have problem skin but i 'm not mad at the buildableness of f b especially coupled with such a good concealer match .
anything else i should sample before i go ahead and purchase it ?
if you get a non clear bottle put some coke in it and bam .
you just took coke into school and you can drink it in class .
another way of doing it is to just get a massive bottle of coke into your bag then at lunch you could get people to pay you for some coke of coke and have some for yourself .
ok so when build royale got released and still today you pick where you land the game picks for you although it 's unique in the fact that no other battle royale has a system like it .
it was all right i guess in the fact that there was barely any stacked lobbies when the game just released but now at the stage of the game now i think it 's not fair because a player that lands at a named location '' is going to have better loot then someone who did n't which happens a lot .
ok some people will say this ok if you do n't land at a named location then goto one fast well most likely there 's already people that have shields and better loot then you and that 's a problem to ot just me because i 'm not going to post something that only i do n't like i think this is a problem and it should be adjusted .
here is what i think they should do so they do n't have to add a battle bus cause that 's going to be hard to add i know to make it easier this is what i think at least when you get in the lobby you should place a marker or something as to where you want to land then when the match starts your already there .
i mean at least thats what i think who agrees or disagree and why in the comments .
i had the cel come on my car has about 50400 miles on it took it to the nearest autozone where they hooked the little reader up to it and it threw the p0441 code .
i was wondering how long i can drive with a fault purge valve i had to wait until next month to get it changed out as i will have a floating paycheck and be able to afford it .
i also do a lot of driving as i work part time as an ubereats driver .
i 've seen a lot of information on how to run a prison break out adventure in fact i 've run a couple myself .
i 'm having some problems though with trying to get ideas for a break in '' .
i 've run against a mental block and need some ideas .
while i was stocking shelves this emo looking girl walks in my direction .
she started stumbling and then fell into my arms and told me she needs help and showed me the cuts on her wrists .
i did n't really get a good look at the cuts .
she showed them to me real quick and passed out .
so i immediately pulled my phone out and called an ambulance .
the ambulance gets here and run over to her .
the man gets down by her and tries to wake her up and she stays asleep .
i told him that she has cuts on her wrists .
he pulls up the sleeves and notices that they are already scabbed over .
and are not deep enough to make her pass out .
sure enough she wakes up from pretending to sleep .
i get called into the office for calling the ambulance because only a manager is allowed to call an ambulance .
i get written up for it and almost fired .
is there anyway to enter ml stats when doing a live start ?
or how much does losing a year of development hurt a save going into the 2020 season .
notice that those stats are only recorded from games played during the live save .
i turned my ads sensitivity down and it has made all the difference in making my shots thank you
interested to hear what people will be looking to get as soon as armor 2.0 hits .
all the above will still be obtainable via planetary marerials i assume ?
i 'm probably gon na get downvoted but i was really gon na pre order need for speed heat this weekend then i saw the yongyea video of david rutter and i 'm really gon na be ticked if they sneak micro transactions in.so i 'm still wondering if they would add micro transactions or not .
are you one of the many people who want to stop snoring ?
it is one of zz snore review https consumerscomment.com/zz-snore-review those conditions which has been the cause of much humor usually to those who have never had to live with it !
but which has brought misery to the lives of sufferers and their families .
it is said that about 45 per cent of the middle-aged population snore .
you may be surprised to know that as recent evidence suggests singing may be very helpful in relieving symptoms and getting a restful night 's sleep .
snoring is caused by a narrowing of the airway which according to malcolm hilton ear nose and throat specialist and leader of a 100 patient study into the effects of singing exercises on obstructive sleep apnoea at the royal devon and exeter hospital in the uk leads to turbulent airflow that makes the structures at the back of your throat rattle '' .
one of the causes of this narrowing of the air passage are weak muscles in the throat especially the soft palate .
as we get older our muscles can become more lax especially if we lead a sedentary lifestyle which is why snoring is more likely to occur in the older generation .
singing and in particular singing exercises can tone the muscles of the throat helping to keep the airway open .
singers learn to develop greater control over the soft palate and improve breathing both of which will help stop snoring .
as the throat muscles become stronger they are less likely to become lax during sleep allowing the airways to remain open .
if you 're still not convinced that singing is the way to go to stop snoring perhaps this will change your mind in a recent survey 10 per cent of couples said that their snoring problem was so acute they were thinking of splitting up .
you may be wondering what treatments are currently available if you 're hoping to save your marriage .
well nose strips clips and throat sprays can be bought over the counter but they are unreliable and costly .
if you 're really desperate you could try laser surgery which only has a 50 success rate .
current treatments tend to be either pretty invasive or not very successful . ''
i ca n't seem to find any place at all in the uk selling this monitor that i really want does anyone know why ?
everything said in the most recent post made here is all we know as bout the event .
contrary to what was stated you will not be granted any more information once you join the discord server though you are welcome to do so anyway .
just saying this so you guys do n't get your hopes up and join expecting to find out everything or anything more than what 's already been said here .
degree in automation technology and few years design experience working with power boilers .
i have a basic understanding of the power sector and i enjoy working in the field .
but i feel like the design is not something i want to do for life .
i want to be involved in strategy making and planning as it requires looking at the bigger picture and i love the big picture stuff .
but i do not have the necessary understanding of financial or contract management neither do i know anything about business models or economy .
so one option for me is to work my current job hope that in the next 15-20 years i get to learn some of this while working maybe get transferred and promoted to some executive position where i might be more involved with strategy making or planning .
the other option is to get a more relevant degree/certification/diploma which gives me the skills to understand the above topics .
a degree can also help me venture into the right career directly instead of waiting for a decade or two .
if i want to work as an advisor or analyst in an energy firm which are either huge pvt .
corporations or govt organizations a relevant education is a must have and they give a lot of weightage to the institute and the title of the degree .
i do n't think distant or online studies work as well for business studies .
i am in my early 30s and hardworking so i am considering the option of mba .
i do n't need to pay any tuition here in europe unless i go for emba .
is mba a good choice considering the career path i want ?
if yes then what should i be specializing in general management economics finance or anything else ?
i am a bit sceptical with economics as i have n't studied any of it in my bachelors and i am not sure if i will be able to handle m.sc https m.sc .
is there any other certifications and diplomas that i should consider ?
user has to logged on everytime since the software is running in front of this account .
how is it possible to logoff all the other idle users after a specific time ?
a gpo will fail because i use one local user .
i got this game through origin access and playing manual transmission .
as always i 've bound my shift up and down to rb and lb respectively but it 's pissing me off because i keep accidentally entering my garage or worst of all accidentally paying my fines .
how do i rebind them short of changing my buttons for gears ?
ok so i plugged in my slim and there 's no sign of power at all .
i 'm pretty sure the problem is with the power cable .
how do i know the source of the problem ?
a clown recently had to retire earlier this week .
after sustaining an injury the clown was found to have broken his funny bone .
seeing that is seems confirmed the sith troopers are working for the fo i was thinking ... maybe first order is actually what it literally means it 's the order n°1 of the long list of palpy the 66th being the most famous .
with some drawings i might do a really rough trace just to get the right proportions and to know where everything is .
i really just draw for fun but i am curious is some people consider it cheating ?
getting an early jumpstart on my strategy for a wedding trip next year 2020 .
i have lots of availability to open new credit cards as needed .
my goal is to book an economy plus award on united or a partner airline using my status on an uncommon travel day and potentially get bumped to business class .
do i need to be on united metal to get this ?
please send me a private message with any comments or feedback on how i work .
edit as of fri sep 06 10:38:26 edt 2019 the post is at 0pts|1c
submission can someone please explain the main christian protestant churches in the usa ?
comments can someone please explain the main christian protestant churches in the usa ?
can someone please explain the main christian protestant churches in the usa ?
as far as i know jw lds and catholic people share the same opinion within their groups .
protestants seem to have many different types of doctrines .
how do you recognize them and what are their main differences ?
the main protestant groups in the us can be grouped as follows
the mormons jehovah 's witnesses and especially catholics are not considered protestants .
i 've had breakups before but this is by far the worst .
and now you 're mad at me too i know i should n't have messaged your sister but i was so worried about you and wanted to make sure you were supported now that i 'm not there to do it .
i would give anything to go back in time and just trust you .
to not question you constantly and be able to understand your love for me .
maybe i 'm always setting them up for failure because i ca n't ever believe someone actually loves and cares about me .
i am looking to cancel my prepaid plan through at t .
the only thing i can find is just turn off autopay .
is there anything else i need to do in order to cancel my service and not be charged or owe at t ?
i 'm finally at the point where i 'm wishing i had n't done this .
i was sleeved 8/27 and sent home from hospital with the requirement of hitting 50oz per day of clear liquid .
saturday and sunday i did manage to get that in but i had to stay up late to get there and was feeling very bloated and full .
really uncomfortable and walking does n't seem to help once i hit that point .
yesterday i started adding full liquids but those do n't count toward my 50oz clear liquid .
i only hit 45oz clear liquid and another 7.5oz full liquid .
i would 've been over 50oz if i did n't have the full liquid .
i called my surgeon today to touch base because i 'm feeling like this is impossible .
they asked if i 'm dehydrated but my urine is barely even yellow so they did n't want me to go to the hospital fine by me .
if i 'm not dehydrated does n't that mean i 'm getting enough fluids in even below 50oz ?
i 'm not even 5 ' tall but this 50oz requirement is for everyone .
the surgeon now wants me to get 60oz of clear liquids even after telling them that i 'm struggling to get 50 in !
i have no idea how i 'm going to manage that .
honestly i 've cried more than a few times today and i 'm dreading the evening when the bloated feeling starts and not being able to go to bed when i 'm tired because then i surely will not get my liquids in .
just feeling really hopeless and every time my 2 minute timer goes off to drink more a small piece of me inside dies .
i feel like i ca n't even get a shower until i meet my fluid goal or else i 'm going to miss sips .
i 'm exhausted but i ca n't take a nap .
i see my therapist next week but it 's our last session as she 's moving away and two weeks after that i get to experience the joy of starting over with someone new .
the good news is i 'm down 29 pounds total today and i do n't think i 've ever been able to lose 29 pounds on my own before .
i know it gets better and i knew what i was getting into i 'm just having a rough time .
new player here trying out the last expantion of the game and i 'm going for a whirlwind build .
i was wondering if reaping strike procs from eye of reckoning ?
i have both maxed but i 'm not sure if it is proccing or not .
hi i 'm very pi\*\*ed when they annouced their limited signed poster of their album bc even clicking at the right time they where all gone i even can believe how ppl have been so fast but anyway.. do you have any idea where to find them ?
i see some on ebay but man they are completely out of their mind sometime 300
personnaly i have the signed limited posterr from royal albert hall and wish to sell it how much can i ask for you think ?
madecassol krem ve merhem formunda satışa sunulan yanık ve yara merhemleri arasındadır .
madecassol doğal krem olmasının ve cilde yan e etkilerinin az olması nedeniyle doktorlar tarafından sıkça reçete edilmektedir .
i do n't know what the f ck is wrong with the sound in siege .
i 'm using 150 razer headset chat on minimum game on maximum and i ca n't hear f cking ash walking 3 meters away from me .
nothing super fancy here just a 20 year old student who is both horny and bored out of his mind .
absent minded masturbation in bed is only so much fun on it 's own so i 'd love to chat with someone out there in a similar boat .
it can be sexual or not but i imagine it 'll end up getting there this is dpp after all !
oh a little about me i 'm 6 ' medium length brown hair a fairly thin build and a set of nice full lips with deep blue eyes .
i 'm fairly nerdy being a huge fan of video games anime cosplay and learning new things .
along with that i 'm a huge history buff i love writing drawing and all theatre .
i like being outdoors as much as indoors and i can be really social or a huge introvert .
write a letter telling golden corral that you are boycotting them because of their advertising on fox news .
week of 9/2/19 golden corral ad seen on hannity 9/3
copy the letter below modify it if you 'd like print it sign it and snail mail it in a hand addressed envelope .
note all information below is publicly available and easily found online
i am a loyal and patriotic american and as such i am making the informed decision not to support companies that advertise on fox news and/or its individual programming .
i feel that you have the right to know why you may be losing my business .
the programming on fox news is notoriously partisan and biased .
at times it can even be considered offensive and prejudicial .
while the fox news slogan may be fair and balanced their reporting is anything but .
fox news is helping to further the political and economical divide amongst the citizens of the united states .
until these issues are addressed and remedied i will not watch fox news .
furthermore until your company discontinues your relationship with fox news i will not purchase your products or services .
please consider severing your ties with fox news and/or its individual programs and spending your advertising budget in areas that will help build a better america .
it is never acceptable for a company to support the intentional distribution of misinformation and bias to the citizenry of the united states .
send a physical letter and be sure to hand address it so it will be opened by someone .
start with the sample letter above and customize for the company .
write to people at the names and titles link above .
no publishing of names or personal information on this sub .
if you have sent a letter please write a comment so we can tell how this effort is going .
consumer action like this can have a powerful impact especially if synchronized on a weekly basis .
i hope you will help save democracy in the us by writing letters to fox news advertisers .
follow up question have you read any of the texts of the group you disagree with ?
also if it is free online provide a link .
i 'm wondering if any there 's been any proposals or any talk at all of breaking the us up into smaller countries maybe based on political leanings by regions ?
especially curious about this in the past 20 years but if there 's been any discussions before this i 'd like to hear about it .
i am in my mid-twenties weigh about 185 pounds and 6 foot tall .
this year i have started a new hobby brazilian jui jitsu and i love it .
i have signed up to run for the london marathon next year .
i use to run 2 years ago when i lived in australia to keep fit and again i loved it .
i carried on running when i moved back home from australia but stopped .
the london marathon is a goal for me to keep a growth mindset to work hard and to tick it off on my bucket list !
however i want to know am i going too far with how much my body can handle .
the plan is to carry on bjj as long as possible .
but now that i am training for the london marathon maybe go to bjj lessons once or twice a week .
long runs once a week so this week will be 10km next i will try and beat it by 11k and so on .
i have finished ca n't hurt me by david goggins and incredibly inspired by the book that i want to challenge myself but at the same time to not go over the limits .
i still want to carry with my gym training too .
maybe three or four times a week including going to the sauna after sessions .
once a month i have a deep tissue massage for my back because of training in gym and bjj .
and i am now thinking of going to heat yoga once or twice a week for stretching strength toned and feel more flexible .
the heat will encourage the elimination of toxins which will cleanse me from within as well as aiding good skin complexion .
but i just need advice on what i am doing is okay ?
i eat healthy foods drink water plain or with fruits such as strawberries and kiwis or just with lime drink fruit smoothies with protein powder in pretty much i do n't eat crap but take care of myself because we are what we eat .
i am thinking about seeing a personal trainer i know to help me more on this plan weekly and monthly to have the right balance of this.. good idea ? ?
i remember ever since gears 1 the most popular mode was always execution .
it 's the main mode people hosted lobbies for on gears 1 .
most people played it or koth in gears 2 .
idk i 've always when i think of versus multiplayer in gears i think of execution .
and right now that mode is only in the arcade mode playlist rotation .
i can only offer payment through paypal goods services for target gift cards as there is no way to prevent you from having access to the gift card after the purchase .
keep in mind that if you are not in the us you will not receive the exact i am offering .
paypal implemented new fees when sending as f f internationally .
https imgur.com/a/j9nvp0u in some cases i 'll send as g s as the fee will be slightly less overall on your end .
do any restaurants have wing specials on friday nights in punta gorda/port charlotte area ?
hey guys my girlfriend and her family recently moved away from their lifetime home due to her father passing away .
as of right now we are still working hard to settle everything down on the new flat and make everything confy for everyone .
last year we both were living abroad and through my dell xps laptop and nintendo switch introduced her to the world of 'gaming is way more fun if you think outside of sony shooters and racing games ' and i would like to build her a budget gaming machine for her new home .
be as specific as possible and include specific games or programs you will be using .
tons of lightweight tasks we both are finishing college such as web browsing document handling lots of typing and as such .
besides i would like her to be able to play some not really demanding games that she is or might be into such as
overwatch lol stardew valley the sims slime rancher castle crashers crash bandicoot ...
i would say around 700€-800€ might be powerful and affordable enough for the tasks in hand .
i 'm also open to recommendations regarding how much i should spend for the tasks and games stated above .
note beyond a week or two from today means any build you receive will be out of date when you want to buy .
i 'd like to do it during this next weeks and probably have it finished by the end of september .
what exactly do you need included in the budget ?
mainly the tower itself and the os windows 10 home should be enough .
i would also like some good monitor recommendations for 1080p 60fps gaming at least better if 144fps but if the monitor is included i understand the budget going a bit over .
which country and state/province will you be purchasing the parts in ?
if you 're in us do you have access to a microcenter location ?
spain so i 'm afraid microcenter is out of rhe question .
if reusing any parts including monitor s keyboard/mouse/etc what parts will you be reusing ?
not any parts but i m probably gifting her a spare mouse and mechanical keyboard i have laying around .
if yes are you interested in overclocking right away or down the line ?
i do n't see her needing it or me wanting to mess with it .
are there any specific features or items you want/need in the build ?
ex ssd large amount of storage or a raid setup cuda or opencl support etc
do you have any specific case preferences size like itx/microatx/mid-tower/full-tower styles colors window or not led lighting etc or a particular color theme preference for the components ?
mini/micro atx are really really cool but i understand it poses a problem as far as pricing and cramming everything inside goes .
white would go better with her room setup but since it will be below the table it really is n't that important same applies to glass window cool and nice but not needed as a must .
do you need a copy of windows included in the budget ?
if you do need one included do you have a preference ?
already stated above that i 'd peobably purchase a license for windows 10 home to avoid troubles .
thanks for anyone who gives this a try and helps in any way shape or form .
i know this topic has be covered quite often recently but any advice is welcome .
leiffa has a great perk that nets 10 for 1st month 20 2nd 30 3rd and so on until 120 for 12th month .
that is quite a good perk for a top end dispensary .
silver stem has 50 off any one purchase at sign up as well as 60 total credit each month only if you spend 60 tho '' and 5 cash back on all purchases as well as quarterly bonuses of 50,100,150 and 200 do n't have to spend to get these just stay a member '' .
i 'm perplexed as they are both good deals .
hey i 'm just getting back into destiny after having life come up right around the forsaken launch .
been playing for a couple weeks now and it seems like the clan i was in is officially lifeless .
i 'm a pretty relaxed guy not looking for anything too sweaty or hardcore .
if you have the room i also come with a friend .
has anyone been in a relationship where both sides do n't want kids but then you or your so changes their mind ?
last night in bed all i could think about was how a child would interfere with my life .
i often think of the big whole picture with this sort of thing .
i am not in any way in a good financial position to have to adopt a kid .
putting games on a calculator can be a great way to pass time or even to get introduced to the world of calculator programming .
these tutorials explain how to download send and play games on your ti-84 plus ce .
this method will also work for the ti-84 plus ce-t and ti-83 premium ce .
i run a family vlog and challenge channel on yt and our videos get between 100-250 views on average .
i started promoting my channel on various sites and gained quite a few subscribers at one point we had 29 which i consider an achievement considering how we have only just started out on yt .
however i have noticed recently that every single time i upload a new video i lose at least 1 subscriber !
does anybody have any advice on how to retain subs ?
stripped out all the electronics and put a p94 in the bridge and soldered it straight to the output with zero controls .
last night my band had their first gig in a couple months so i decided to take it out .
i guess i had too much rock and roll and it got a little bloody .
i can not get the right answer to a substitution question in calculus 1. the question asks if f q 4sin q cos3q find f π and the answer is supposed to be 1 but i ca n't get the right answer .
if someone could help guide me through the question i would really appreciate it
hello guys so i downloaded the football/soccer field that we can see in zero 's video and i wanted to create a ruleset for it .
i made it with time limit of 9 minutes and i wanted to make that when you fall your score does n't have a 1 after all when you score in real life the opposite team does n't have a 1 in my memory it was possible in the advanced section but i ca n't find it again ...
obligatory this did n't happen today rather when i was in 6th grade .
there was this kid called bill and he would always pick on my cousin who had add and would always call him things like retard etc and would purposely knock his lunch either my mom or auntie would make us and made fun of the fact we are indians who eat indian food bill would make him cry and this happened twice and my auntie and mom both complained to the school and as usual the school did nothing about it because apparently it was n't their problem '' and boys will be boys '' .
this happened a third time that bill knocked john-reuben 's lunch out of his hand and pulled down his shorts and i was so angered saddened and hurt by what my cousin jr was going through and that the school would n't do anything and even my mom who taught kindergarten could n't help that i wanted to get revenge on bill for all the times he was cruel to jr .
bill was an avid yu-gi-oh player and collector and would always brag about how he had 3 blue eyes white dragon exodia and the 3 egyptian god cards .
so after he made jr cry the next day after the principal said he would look in to it '' which was his way of saying i do n't give a fuck and i just want y'all to leave '' i went to bills bag after lunch and i took the cards from it went to the toilet and i threw them all into the toilet aside from the specific cards i mentioned which i tore in half .
after the final bell rang jr and i went to our bags we heard screaming and crying as we saw bill red-faced with tears streaking down his face howling about his cards several teachers and parents were around him .
jr and i walked back to my house where after awhile my mum and dad came home and my aunt came to take jr home .
my mom called me straight to their bedroom and she asked me sleepylabrador !
i am going to ask you this once and god help you if you lie to us did you destroy bill 's cards ! ? ''
i looked at both of them and i said yes i did '' .
my dad told me go to your room '' 5 mins later after some arguing i they both came to my room and told me that although they did n't approve of what i did they were n't going to turn me over to the principal and would cover me if anything happened and that they loved me .
after this incident my primary school made a blanket ban on yugioh cards pokemon cards beyblades etc .
i 'm a sprinter boxer and weight lifter i 'm very proud of my physical abilities and body and can be a show off but have toned it down a lot the past few years .
i have gone sky diving and ride any amusement park ride .
i love video games and watching movies or reading comics i 'm very knowledgeable on all .
i love to play sports when the opportunity presents itself .
i love wearing athletic or typical bad boy '' clothing like leather and denim jackets .
am also a huge fan of old nostalgic cartoon shows from my childhood .
i look up to bender from futrama theodore roosevelt and tylder durden who all happen to also be estp .
i purchased kurisu scale 1/4 figure bunny version and it was supposed to be delivered today .
the problem is that it was delivered but in a wrong address .
i sent a message to the seller about the situation because i purchased it on ebay .
right now the mail is closed but i will go tomorrow to know exactly where is the figure because i spent a lot on that figure .
i was happy to get her today and post some pictures of her but right now i only want to get back my money or if there 's a way to get my figure .
i had this same experience before with another product where it was sent to a wrong address but they told me that they ca n't do nothing to help me but to communicate with the seller and get back the money or get another product .
i do n't have many hopes to get the figure back tomorrow when i go to the mail because they will tell me to communicate with the seller .
if i ca n't get the figure i will open a dispute on pay pal to get my money .
i need a doctors note to excuse a work absence can anyone help ?
i feel like screaming at him about how much a waste of space he is .
i do n't want to be mean though because that 's not me .
when is a good time to break things off and how should i say it without coming off as crazy ?
hi i 'm new to this software and everytime i play a loop it goes normally for about 20 seconds and then turn upside down what could be the cause ?
i got stuck on a stage at the end of chapter 9 when i decided to hot key a button on my controller for quick restart .
i did n't know it reset the whole chapter and i think i was at the end
so i decided to post another old gem of elizabeth warren doing what she does best..make us fall in love of her in under 14 minutes .
today 's video is courtesy of youtube channel marie marr posted on dec 4 2008 m length 13:38
the videos titled elizabeth warren explains what happened to the middle class since the 1970s '' but what it actually is is an xray of the everything wrong in the us economy and how to fix it they way this women explains stuff is pure art ... .
the video longer c-span version starts with elizabeth drinking tea which i like to think of as a metaphor for whats about to come .
warren was the only woman speaker in the panel .
before elizabeth spoke three male experts/professors spoke every one of them read of papers and/or slides warren was the only one who spoke off the cuff directly to the group without any aides .
she did n't stutter once did n't lose flow of thoughts and got an applause from the room after she finished the only one with that honor in the entire panel .
the video takes place in 2008 prior to the formation of cfpb but she drops the nucleus of the idea in her speech .
if you ever watched the warren/biden 2005 confrontation clip on the bankruptcy bill you will remember that he mentions usury rates '' as a counter argument in the video warren completely demolish that argument and in hindsight exposes why biden really sided with that banks on that bill .
in the longer c-span version she talks about student debits and how its growing burden to each generation with same passion and worry as she talks about them in her stump speech today
in the q a portion elizabeth answers every questions except for two the was asked in the room .
last i have to give a shout-out to the guy sitting behind elizabeth whose face turned into accidental meme generator through out the video .
a bipartisan group of newly-elected members of congress participated in a roundtable discussion on the economic crisis and what congress can and should do .
the speakers included economists and elizabeth warren head of a congressional panel set up to monitor the federal bailout .
topics included lower savings rates relaxed regulatory standards assistance for state and local governments the unemployment insurance system and excessive leveraging by financial institutions .
currently in clerkship i need some advice to help me stand out in rotations and obtain good evaluations .
being engaged being on time and being willing to let the attending urinate on you are good pieces of advice but everyone follows them and i need a way to be unique .
attending/resident i did this extremely complicated surgery while obtaining my fellowship at mgh . ''
obviously choose better dialogue from the medical student because clearly i suck at this .
i started watching skins on a whim a week or so ago since it was on netflix .
it took me a bit of time to get into it but i found that the bits i liked i really liked and the soundtrack choices were amazing .
the last three episodes of season one were really great and i kept on watching and enjoyed season two .
so naturally i decided to watch the first episode of season three .
i was aware of the fact that the main cast changes so i kept that in mind .
i watched the first two episodes and the show seems a lot more mean spirited than the first two seasons .
cook is one of the most obnoxious and nasty characters i 've ever seen and the whole tone seems very different .
that and the amount of sex and violence seems much more exploitative than usual .
the first series took a while to come into its stride and tony had his fair share of repulsiveness in the first series but this new series seems that much nastier than what i anticipated .
the person i 've been watching with says they probably wo n't be watching anymore as they find the character of cook too annoying and horrible though i 'm umhing and ahhing whether to carry on .
to those who 've seen the show before without spoiling anything is it worth carrying on ?
the skins we know and love seems to be back .
i 'll probably feel similar when the next gen rolls around !
i know his love songs tend to be much better and more positively received but he 's said in an interview that they get boring and he does n't enjoy making them as much .
prime orochimaru takes on the following clan heads all at once .
i 've taken the personality test and now i 'm bit worried about the results .
is there anywhere i can ask questions about the results of the test or i can share the results and have some opinion on what to do next ?
i scrolled here and did n't find anyone sharing the details so i 'm asking if i can share here or somewhere else and get an opinion .
you are moderately high in agreeableness which is the primary dimension of interpersonal interaction in the big five personality trait scientific model .
agreeableness has two aspects compassion and politeness which will be explained separately .
agreeableness is a very complex trait with marked positive and negative elements all along its distribution .
because of this higher scores and lower scores need to be explained at the same time .
people high in agreeableness are nice compliant nurturing kind naively trusting and conciliatory .
however because of their tendency to avoid conflict they often dissemble and hide what they think .
people low in agreeableness are not so nice stubborn dominant harsh skeptical competitive and in the extreme even predatory .
however they tend to be straightforward even blunt so you know where they stand .
your score puts you at the 61st percentile for agreeableness .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be more agreeable than 61 of them and less agreeable than 38 of them .
you are moderately high in compassion which is one aspect of agreeableness .
your score puts you at the 72nd percentile for compassion .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be more compassionate than 72 of them and less compassionate than 27 of them .
you are typical or average in politeness which is one aspect of agreeableness .
your score puts you at the 45th percentile for politeness .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be more polite than 45 of them and less polite than 54 of them .
you are moderately low in conscientiousness which is the primary dimension of dutiful achievement in the big five personality trait scientific model .
conscientiousness is a measure of obligation attention to detail hard work persistence cleanliness efficiency and adherence to rules standards and processes .
conscientious people implement their plans and establish and maintain order .
your score puts you at the 28th percentile for conscientiousness .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be less conscientious than 71 of them and more conscientious than 28 of them .
you are exceptionally low in industriousness which is one aspect of conscientiousness .
your score puts you at the 0th percentile for industriousness .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be less industrious than 99 of them and more industrious than 0 of them .
you are exceptionally high in orderliness which is one aspect of conscientiousness .
your score puts you at the 98th percentile for orderliness .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be more orderly than 98 of them and less orderly than 1 of them .
you are exceptionally low in extraversion which is the primary dimension of positive emotion in the big five personality trait scientific model .
you could also think of yourself as exceedingly introverted .
extraversion is a measure of general sensitivity to positive emotions such as hope joy anticipation and approach particularly in social situations .
your score puts you at the 1st percentile for extraversion .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be less extraverted than 98 of them and more extraverted than 1 of them .
you are exceptionally low in enthusiasm which is one aspect of extraversion .
your score puts you at the 1st percentile for enthusiasm .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be less enthusiastic than 98 of them and more enthusiastic than 1 of them .
you are very low in assertiveness which is one aspect of extraversion .
your score puts you at the 5th percentile for assertiveness .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be less assertive than 94 of them and more assertive than 5 of them .
you are exceptionally high in neuroticism which is the primary dimension of negative emotion in the big five personality trait scientific model .
neuroticism is a measure of general sensitivity to negative emotions such as pain sadness irritable or defensive anger fear and anxiety .
your score puts you at the 99th percentile for neuroticism .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be higher in neuroticism than 99 of them and lower in neuroticism than 0 of them .
you are exceptionally high in withdrawal which is one aspect of neuroticism .
your score puts you at the 98th percentile for withdrawal .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be higher in withdrawal than 98 of them and lower in withdrawal than 1 of them .
you are exceptionally high in volatility which is one aspect of neuroticism .
your score puts you at the 98th percentile for volatility .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be more volatile than 98 of them and less volatile than 1 of them .
you are low in openness to experience which is the primary dimension of creativity artistic interest and intelligence particularly verbal intelligence in the big five personality trait scientific model .
openness to experience is a measure of interest in novelty art literature abstract thinking philosophy as well as sensitivity to aesthetic emotions and beauty .
your score puts you at the 20th percentile for openness to experience .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be lower in openness to experience than 79 of them and higher in openness to experience than 20 of them .
note do not confuse the personality aspect of intellect with iq .
intellect is a measure of interest in abstract ideas essentially while iq is a measure of processing speed verbal ability working memory and problem solving capacity and is better measured with a formal iq test .
it is perfectly possible to have a high iq and a low score on the personality trait of intellect .
you are very low in intellect which is one aspect of openness to experience .
your score puts you at the 8th percentile for intellect .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be lower in intellect than 91 of them and higher in intellect than 8 of them .
you are average in openness which is one aspect of openness to experience .
your score puts you at the 51st percentile for openness .
if you were one of 100 people in a room you would be higher in openness than 51 of them and lower in openness than 48 of them .
美国ub毕业证书 纽约州立大学布法罗分校毕业证文凭证书办理方法：q/微1954292140办理纽约州立大学布法罗分校学位学历证书|留学文凭学历认证|使馆认证（美国）留学回国人员证明university at buffalo the state university of new york 美国ub毕业证书 纽约州立大学布法罗分校毕业证文凭证书办理方法：q/微1954292140办理纽约州立大学布法罗分校学位学历证书|留学文凭学历认证|使馆认证（美国）留学回国人员证明university at buffalo the state university of new york
美国ub毕业证书 纽约州立大学布法罗分校毕业证文凭证书办理方法：q\/微1954292140办理纽约州立大学布法罗分校学位学历证书|留学文凭学历认证|使馆认证（美国）留学回国人员证明university at buffalo the state university of new york https preview.redd.it/qtonetqsuil31.jpg ? width=720 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=d80d6f81085b71e18dfbc1b5ef93eb2ca2210101
here is the link banggood viomi herbaceous refrigerator air clean filter https www.banggood.com/viomi-vf1-cb-kitchen-refrigerator-air-purifier-household-ozone-sterilizing-deodor-device-p-1199910.html ? cur_warehouse=cn p=h320105094792201606n utm_campaign=couponsfromchina utm_content=3312
the average price for one item currently is 7.97 and the lowest in my database is 5.55 on 8.7.2019 .
of course if you want current coupons and e-mail price alerts for viomi herbaceous refrigerator air clean filter then you can just go to the couponsfromchina product page .
here is the link banggood viomi herbaceous refrigerator air clean filter https www.banggood.com/viomi-vf1-cb-kitchen-refrigerator-air-purifier-household-ozone-sterilizing-deodor-device-p-1199910.html ? cur_warehouse=cn p=h320105094792201606n utm_campaign=couponsfromchina utm_content=3312
the average price for one item currently is 7.97 and the lowest in my database is 5.55 on 8.7.2019 .
of course if you want current coupons and e-mail price alerts for viomi herbaceous refrigerator air clean filter then you can just go to the couponsfromchina product page .
i can say that i have learnt a lot of the basics of java and now i need to learn more regarding spring boot/gradle .
i was wondering if there are any spring boot project walk through using gradle online where it gives a step by step of what to do and why we should do it something that simulates how it works in employment .
portfolio management services is designed for high networth investors worthy of investing in stocks .
the products are mostly equity linked betting on fixed income instruments .
just had to dump the psychologist i 've been seeing for 3 years because i 've ran out of money .
i 'm in the darkest period of my life and now i have to do it without support .
quick summary i quit cigs in january and quit juul 4 weeks ago .
i 've been getting the itchy throat/light mucus thing that i 've read you get when you quit smoking from little hairs in your lungs healing but would that be the same as for quitting vaping since it 's not smoke going into your lungs ?
are the effects of nicotine withdrawal the same regardless if it 's smoke vs vape ?
do i need to take bus4 92 introduction to business programming before i transfer ?
my cc does n't offer an equivalent should i try to go take it somewhere where it 's offered or will i be able to still get accepted without it ?
美国ub毕业证书 纽约州立大学水牛城分校毕业证文凭证书办理方法：q/微1954292140办理纽约州立大学水牛城分校学位学历证书|留学文凭学历认证|使馆认证（美国）留学回国人员证明university at buffalo the state university of new york 美国ub毕业证书 纽约州立大学水牛城分校毕业证文凭证书办理方法：q/微1954292140办理纽约州立大学水牛城分校学位学历证书|留学文凭学历认证|使馆认证（美国）留学回国人员证明university at buffalo the state university of new york
美国ub毕业证书 纽约州立大学水牛城分校毕业证文凭证书办理方法：q\/微1954292140办理纽约州立大学水牛城分校学位学历证书|留学文凭学历认证|使馆认证（美国）留学回国人员证明university at buffalo the state university of new york https preview.redd.it/9v0o8m0ruil31.jpg ? width=720 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=a1730743508e4af1c501765d6ff05de2b999772f
i really like the look of the case but online there are mixed opinions about it .
can i have a feedback from some long-time user ?
has the case to be frequently resetted or has it been fixed ?
now that the moment app it 's no more free i have to pay the pro version ?
does the pro version of the app keeps updating the battery case ?
thanks in advance and sorry for all the questions .
pe unde sunteti unde ati fost unde vreti sa ajungeti ?
uneori mi-e dor de romania ma gandesc sa fug inapoi in tara sa-mi duc zilele printre cei de neam cu mine .
the new one is rather vague and using it for removals makes it confusing to as if it 's people who agree with the unpopular opinion or it 's just not unpopular .
you can add games to your wishlist here http bot.nintendeals.xyz/wishlist/3ds/mx
res https redditenhancementsuite.com is recommended for table sorting on desktop
if you have perfomance issues you might want to check out
⭐ you can add games to your wishlist here http bot.nintendeals.xyz/wishlist/3ds/mx
i got picked as the commander and that was so much fun just cronching people
to prepare i download a couple good mods like vigilant spectraverse shit ton of cool spell and powers mods like colorful magic and unlimited blade works and i recently saw a mod called a sword accursed which ... just look om the mod page i cant do it justice.all this in preparation for that fateful day .
hello i 'm new player to this game on xbox whose recently started playing and i really like this game and i want to get better at it atm i 'm lv 4 with 3 kills for my account and i find myself only being able to knock players down but then i do n't get the kill because i either die by their teamate or they crawl off somehwere what can i do in this scenario to get confirmed kills ?
also what legend should i be running as a beginner i was mainly using gibraltar but i 'm thinking of switching it up to either lifeline or pathfinder ?
also i can have terrible loot finding some games where i ca n't find enough ammo or even weapons to defend myself with where are some good places i should land with my team if i 'm jumpmaster
my final issue is that i find healing a bit of an effort on controller because of the lack of buttons so is there any easier healing controls i can bind to my xbox one controller ?
any help on these issues i have will be appreciated thanks
short and sweet i 'm a 23yo f in a 4 yr long relationship with a male .
basically everytime we go out with our friends/other couples i am always in hope that i will get to mess around with the f if i 'm attracted to her .
it of course gets more intense when i 'm drinking but i even think about it when i 'm sober .
ive thrown around the idea of a threesome with my man and he is open to it but we are from a small town where ive found it 's difficult to meet people safely who would be open to this .
i 'm extremely happy and satisfied in every aspect of our relationship and he is the one i want to spend the rest of my life with .
should i continue to explore this or is this just some kind of an immature fantasy ?
and for those of you that have had threesomes how has it impacted your relationship ?
so i am a college student currently going through the naturalization process .
i got my biometrics appointment notice but it is at my home address and not my college address which is in a different city .
it would be a big hassle to fly home for a day and fly back for an appointment so is there any way i could move my appointment to the city where my college is ?
can i walk in to the application center nearest my college unscheduled ?
i know a software build engineer builds the tools to help regular software engineers but whats the work like compared to regular software engineers ?
is it usually seen as more it work and less engineering work ?
deployments are higher-level controllers that use replicasets to ensure that no downtime is incurred when you need to update your pods .
deployments helps you to orchestrate your upgrades in different ways for best reliability and availability of your applications.here 's this week article kubernetes patterns declarative deployments .
has anyone had a problem with tethers randomly being place left right front and back ?
previous to update they were place on the right as i moved forward .
now i have to stop and replace them constantly .
you can add games to your wishlist here http bot.nintendeals.xyz/wishlist/3ds/ca
res https redditenhancementsuite.com is recommended for table sorting on desktop
if you have perfomance issues you might want to check out
⭐ you can add games to your wishlist here http bot.nintendeals.xyz/wishlist/3ds/ca
in one of the earlier books amos divulged hinting toward his birth about a horrible method used in prostitution rings to use an aged prostitute for breeding or something .
i ca n't find the passage because i have the books on audible and so ca n't just ctrl+f keywords .
there was a specific term for it and i want to use amos as a base for a dnd character so i 'd like to have the full story again .
i went on a date playing disc golf for about 3 hrs with an online date first meeting .
there was flirting touching laughter some hugging hi fives shoulder massaging he came up behind me to physically show me the correct form to throw the disc .
in my head i 'm thinking this is a great connection .
he wanted to play longer then go back to the first hole to see how i had improved .
we hugged goodbye he txt me a few times later that night .
i said honestly how did you feel about the date bc in my head i 'm thinking it was great !
but he informed me that there was some chemistry/attraction but no fireworks !
why would he touch me or flirt or hold my hand to go down an incline or massage my shoulders multiple times without me asking him to ?
it was really disheartening bc he 's a great guy i thought there was more than just minimal attraction ... .
everytime i buy some miota a red day follows .
i promise you guys to post here next time when i wan na buy more miota !
construction companies in dubai are at an all time high .
with a diverse range of technology backed projects in the pipeline dubai has become a hub of leading construction companies in the gcc .
the residential housing market for example alone is the driving force for 78,000 constructional units scheduled for completion by 2020 .
this particular market also happens to be the most sought after area by international investors .
despite sustained low oil prices slowing down the economies of other gcc countries the construction sector of dubai is still going strong .
this has incited positivity among construction companies in dubai and other related industries that the industry is going to be a robust and stable market .
the high growth of construction companies in dubai https aveacontracting.com/about has the government 's smart city initiative behind it which aims to build a smart and sustainable city through infrastructure investments in transportation ict networks and energy management .
it includes over 540 smart schemes such as the futuristic 3d-printing of building materials a technology dubai has set its sights on being a leader in .
in addition the world expo 2020 set to begin from october 20 2020 is acting as an important fuel to this growth .
the construction industry in dubai is also going to be characterized by sustainability promoted at the state level .
the sustainable practices induced in the construction market include choosing building materials with low-carbon emissions ensuring sustainability of the source of the materials evaluating and taking steps to lowering the carbon footprint of a project etc .
this is not to say that the sector can not further realign itself to maximize its growth and sustainability potential .
sustainability projects are still not being prioritized by construction companies in dubai as much as they should be .
this is because adopting sustainable practices in construction have huge initial costs even if they have higher returns in the long term .
for more details visit contracting companies in dubai https aveacontracting.com now !
i 25m matched with an older lady 45f on tinder how do you approach the thing .
we 've had a bit of small talk but she replies maybe once a day .
i do n't really know where to go from here ...
hey i 'm interested in purchasing pre rolls and have never been to any dispensary yet .
how are they sold and how much are they ?
i 've been wondering about that since the first demo .
i ca n't find the explanation about this in the manual either
yeah the second track really highlights how even the daedric lord of debauchery needed his dihydrogen monoxide .
med-oversettere i øst-dynastiet kina ad 25-200 kasyapa matanga og zhu falan som oversatte den nevnte skriften fra sanskrit til kinesisk .
oversetter i moderne tid ad2018 tao qing hsu som oversatte den skrevne skriften fra kinesisk til engelsk .
lærer og forfatter for å forklare den nevnte skriften tao qing hsu
kapittel 10 vær glad i å gi og få lykke til
buddha sa slik som en lommelykt som mange tusen og mange hundre mennesker kommer separat for å ta brannen med fakkelen til å lage mat og fjern mørket denne fakkelen er likevel den samme.lykken er også den samme som dette .
det er et ordtak å hjelpe andre er kilden til lykke . ''
ifølge forskningen er de som liker å hjelpe andre på noen måte mer sunn og lykkelig og har lengre liv .
slike mennesker har vanligvis det åpne sinnet og krever ingen tilbakemelding på hva de har gjort i dyd .
kort sagt er det tre typer å gi som nevnt i buddhismen .
det er lett å forstå for å gi pengene til andre og å gi buddha-loven til andre .
da kan vi få et spørsmål hvordan kunne vi gi fryktløshet til andre ?
pusa world-sounds-perceiving som du kan lese følgende artikkel pusa https translate.google.com/translate ? hl=zh-tw prev=_t sl=en tl=no u=http en-bvlwu.blogspot.com/2018/06/pusa-world-sounds-perceiving-in.html world-sounds-perceiving i universell dør kapittel https translate.google.com/translate ? hl=zh-tw prev=_t sl=en tl=no u=http en-bvlwu.blogspot.com/2018/06/pusa-world-sounds-perceiving-in.html eller en kort snakk om pusa world-sounds-perceiving i universell dør kapittel https translate.google.com/translate ? hl=zh-tw prev=_t sl=en tl=no u=http en-bvlwu.blogspot.com/2018/06/a-brief-talk-about-pusa-world-sounds_23.html .
vet du hvorfor pusa world-sounds perceiving er i tilstanden for fryktlessness ?
hvis du er interessert i det foreslår jeg at du leser følgende artikkel skriften av det høyeste visdomshjerte https translate.google.com/translate ? hl=zh-tw prev=_t sl=en tl=no u=http en-bvlwu.blogspot.com/2018/06/the-scripture-of-supreme-wisdom-heart_22.html eller en kort snakk om skriften av det høyeste visdomshjerte https translate.google.com/translate ? hl=zh-tw prev=_t sl=en tl=no u=http en-bvlwu.blogspot.com/2018/06/a-brief-talk-about-scripture-of-supreme_2.html
ifølge buddha-loven har det alltid eksistert årsaken og effekten .
ovennevnte tre typer å gi er også klassifisert som årsaken .
så når vi gir pengene til andre vil vi få rikdommen når vi gir buddha-loven til andre får vi visdom og når vi gir frykt for andre får vi lang levetid .
i en smal forstand er å gi dao '' i dette kapitlet tilhørende den andre som nevnt ovenfor gi buddha-loven til andre .
i stor grad er betydningen av dao eller buddha-loven ikke begrenset .
det er alt de tingene som er gode for folk tilhører dao .
i et ord inneholder den de tre typer å gi og det inkluderer også noen form for kunnskap ideologier drama musikk og bilde eller videoproduksjon som er bra for folk i verden .
i buddhas siddhartha-tid ba den buddhistiske munken eller nonnen om mat .
når de hadde mat fra folk snakker de om buddha-loven for dem .
i andre ord spilte den buddhistiske munken eller nonnen rollen som lærer eller veileder .
livet til den buddhistiske munken eller nonen ble opprettholdt av slik mat slik at de kunne nærme sitt visdomsliv ved deres kropp .
når folket hadde hørt buddha-loven fra den buddhistiske munken eller nonnen kunne de dermed ha pådratt hjertet av medfølelse og visdom og deres visdomsliv kunne dermed blitt inspirert .
i andre ord er dette en måte å hjelpe hverandre til og om å ha nytte av hverandre .
og det er også en måte å koble til hverandre med ansikt i følelser og følelser .
så buddha hadde noen gang nevnt at den buddhistiske munken eller nonnen er lykkefarm .
å gi mat til buddhistisk munk eller nonne er som å så frø av lykke på lykke gården frukten av salighet ville bli oppnådd til slutt .
hvis årsaken ikke er lik utfallet vil den være i strid med naturloven.slik som hvis vi sår frø av eple ville vi ikke få frukten av banan men eple .
selvfølgelig er det grunnen til at en slik buddhistisk munk eller non skulle ha renset seg i sitt hjerte .
imidlertid er prosessen med å tigge maten ikke alltid jevn .
noen mennesker er i det stikkende hjertet og misliker å se den buddhistiske munken eller nonnen .
det verre er at de kan motbevise eller skade den buddhistiske munken eller nonen med hatthjerte eller foraktet .
buddhaen hadde nevnt utfallet for slike ting av angrep og skade i kapittel 6 7 og 8 .
så hvis vi er glad i å gi får vi lykken .
buddha sa se folk som gir dao og hjelpe dem med glede den oppnådde bliss er veldig stor .
i mellomtiden når vi har sett noen som gjør det gode kan vi med glede hjelpe dem på noen måter .
den lykke som vi kunne få er veldig stor .
med tidenes forandring og utviklingen av internett kunne vi finne at folk gir sin kunnskap og visdom til andre på internett ved å bruke nettside eller blogg det er non-profit slik at de aksepterer den autonome donasjonen som kommer fra den frie støtten til person eller gruppe på internett .
nå bruker gruppen av eller personen av buddhismen også slik bruk .
og vi kan lese skriften sagt og undervist av buddha i fri på internett.vi kan også finne noen artikkel eller video som den buddhistiske munken eller nonnen eller buddha-eleven forklarte buddhismen .
jeg tror det er veldig praktisk og hjelpsomt for livet vårt .
spørsmålet er er vi heldige å finne det og villig til å lese det ?
buddha sa som en brennevin som tusen og hundre mennesker kommer separat for å ta brannen med fakkelen for å lage mat og fjerne mørket er denne fakkelen fortsatt den samme .
i buddhismen kalles den som dydkarma som vil bli registrert av ånden som alltid er hos oss .
hvorvidt lykken eller ikke i vårt liv ville være avhengig av slik dydkarma .
i følge årsaken og effekten synes jeg det er rimelig .
egnlish chapter 10 a brief talk about the scripture of forty-two chapters said by buddha https en-bvlwu.blogspot.com/2018/10/chapter-10-brief-talk-about-scripture.html
hvis du mener at artikkelen ovenfor er bra for folk vær så snill å dele den med vennene dine .
yo to begin if you do n't like this ship i think it 's better for you to do n't bother yourself here .
otherwise if you still want to continue i hope you 'll enjoy reading this really modest argumentation of mine and also why not start to love this ship as well .
for the others i just hope you 'll love to see again all those moments .
i 'm french so i 'm sorry in advance for my low level in english and i 'll probably miss interesting passages so if you have one that come into your mind do n't hesitate to share it with the chapter and pages if possible .
now let 's start i love touta i really love his character it 's not too much to say that he 's my favorite character of the whole series with yukihime not that far behind .
his kindness is so pure you could say it 's similar to many other anime characters but to me his is different .
touta is n't only kind but always puts the others ahead compared to him and keeps every hard feelings in him and endure them to the point it really makes me feel sorrow for him .
he 's always praising and favorising his granpa instead of him it 's always so fucking sad damn it ... https preview.redd.it/0g7updnbb7441.png ? width=491 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=ca2447556bfcfc5101a3ac523bfa53c5e905925f
there are really interesting moments before the arc with dana
a real duel between his feelings and mind what he really feels ca n't come out .
it 's a nighmare there 's no pokerface here he 's really scared to be a monster or rather especially to have never been and to never become '' anything '' something that would be completely empty .
you can tell how he suffers from being rejected and from what he has learned about him .
that exact moment is one the few where we can see how touta truly feels .
img x8jnkscm1zl31 he 'll says it a lot of times but most of these times they 'll remains fuzzy because his heart and mind do n't think the same way .
that contradiction inside him and at the heart of the story will often show itself .
as his grandpas he wants to be acknowledged by yukihime but to me it sounds more like he wants to be loved by her as they were too .
it does n't look like but this part is important it shows that kitty\/yukihime does n't care about touta being a doll on contrary she loves them .
the feeling of love is finally born in kitty\/yukihime .
and you 'll succeed where your grandpas failed you 'll save her .
again suppressing his own feelings while showing a fake smiling face that you can see throughout the show .
it 's exactly what i like in him but in the same time what make me feel so bad for him .
i 'll break the space and time to get to you .
he literally fucked physics and time just to see her problem bro ?
it is my understanding that actions are specific well actions which require a standard action a move action etc to perform and maneuvers are modifiers you can apply to certain actions .
why then are options such as demoralize and feint listed as maneuvers ?
they explicitly require a standard action to perform and i do n't think you can combine them with any other actions .
it would make it waaaaay less frustrating when you are used to prone everywhere 😂 and right clicking with the pick is useless soooo ...
i am south african live in germany so speak english or german am 33 and like to play weekdays 19.30 to 20.30 while the wife does her thing .
if you down add me or message me psn ghost\_howler have 350 plus wins but thats just because been playing since season 3 not the best not the worst player somewhere in the middle .
since retiring i 've been spending a lot of time with my two young kids .
however i 've been itching to feel more productive lately .
of the career options there is a ton of appeal in development i 'm a highly logically minded individual that loves problem solving i generally enjoy conversations with other sw engineers i live in the silicon valley and i love how i can self study for free !
sales may seem like a better fit but i am not pushy enough for sales and i do no wish to travel .
perhaps i will have just enough interactions with co-workers that my social needs get met .
i had none in online poker so it ca n't possibly be worse .
ps i 'm not sure a career in cs is for me but i have done some very small level coding before years ago and i enjoyed it .
i tend to like things that involve problem solving and/or positive interactions with people .
alot of my gaming group have backed the kickstarter so was debating making a few videos about it in october when the beta is released
i do n't know where to start sorry if this does n't belong here .
i 'm 32 getting bullied in work and i honestly feel like crap because of it .
i 've worked in my current job for about 6 months now .
for the first 3 months it was hard l it 's outbound sales but i got to the point where i 'm getting bonus half the time .
it all started to go wrong about three months ago when i got moved into a new team as my manager was changing roles .
it started out with things going missing from my desk .
a marker then my whiteboard for note taking then my chillys bottle it 's a thermos bottle that cost about £25 but it 's really special to me because it 's a present my wife bought for me it returned dented .
my manager told them off when she saw i was upset .
it 's went missing again and returned with more dents in it .
a stress ball a pen a golf ball a half full bottle of water not mine even fruit .
they 've even thrown it at and hit my groin in more than one occasion .
i slammed my fist on the desk and said that 's enough !
my manager told me it 's all just fun and games a but you have an anger management problem .
if this happens again i 'll have to disciple you.
i get that i should n't have had such an outburst but come on !
so i started leaving everything in my locker when i 'm not at my desk .
anyway this morning i 've just gone to start and do some overtime .
i put my things on my desk and realised that i left my medication in my locker .
when i got back to my desk not 30 seconds later my chillys bottle had been messed with and my whiteboard had been thrown a few desks down the call center .
i put everything back in my locker i 'm not doing the overtime any more .
i said to another manager as my manager is n't in yet .
all she said was do n't let them bother you
i honestly ca n't tell you how much it means to me .
i do n't know if i 'll go to hr .
anyone know what the end goal of this redevelopment was .
was it just a facelift or was there a grander plan to make the area more lively and friendly ?
because i have been walking through the updated overpass to the traino and it is basically the same as the old one except prettier .
even has the same stores and type of stores .
not sure what i was expecting really but at least something ... more
business trip is over and i have one night left in bratislava .
any suggestions for some decent electronic music would be very nice .
i would like to avoid big clubs and stag parties 😉
i know that wrenn and six is n't a blue card neither is dreadhorde arcanist and although they mostly see play alongside those colors i have to admit that not every good new card printed lately has been blue .
i do think that the new common land cycle and in turn mystic sanctuary are evidence towards wizards not knowing how to properly balance cycles with blue .
the blue and black lands are clearly in my mind the better of the two lands in terms of eternal formats but the blue one is still far better than the black one .
land fetchable spell recursion that can synergize with daze late game to give daze more impact than it already has seems pretty strong to me .
on top of this you can put miracle cards from your gy to the top of your library now with a fetch land .
or you can stack your counterbalance now with a fetch land .
miracles tends to avoid non basic lands and this land may not even see eternal play .
but out of all of them it is clearly the most likely in my mind to see play .
i guess i 'm just a little confused how this is passing for a common land and is n't balanced to have an effect more like scry 1 or 2 .
do you guys feel that wizards should look to strengthen other colors to be on the same level or do you think they should restrict blue from having so much love ?
or perhaps do you think i 'm wrong and just overreacting to a favoritism that does n't exist ?
welcome to the weekly it 's friday memes day 3 .
you can submit memes created by you in the comment below following the rules .
this thread will run for the entire week where members can upvote submissions that they like .
members are also allowed to discuss about the submission but stay within the comment .
the best submission will be selected based on upvotes and the cut off time for the submission will be around monday est morning .
the winner will be announced in the weekly roundup post around monday est morning .
you can only submit one entry where the content is created by you .
memes can be high effort or low effort but the content has to be related to tesl .
submission must not infringe any copyright and you are solely responsible for the content .
submission/comment which is reported off-topic offensive sensitive and breaking any of the rules above will be removed .
fri weekly it 's friday memes day 3 https www.reddit.com/r/elderscrollslegends/comments/d6u51z/weekly_its_friday_memes_day_3_winner_gets_2_packs
sat weekly deck sharing 3 unite the houses https www.reddit.com/r/elderscrollslegends/comments/d79wlw/weekly_deck_sharing_3_unite_the_houses_winner
yesterday i updated my pixel 2 to android 10 .
here are the bugs i found in the last 12hs
every time i try to do a screenshot could n't save screenshot .
dark theme makes some fonts impossible to read because of the very light weight .
google bottom search bar of the pixel launcher does n't feels nice with the dark theme on .
i think im gon na reverse the update ... 💔
psvr is my favourite game style app n playstation but there are n't a lot of good games on it any suggestions ?
so today i finally finished borderlands 3 normal mode first time finishing it its probably one of the best borderlands games so far with the content and how long the game itself is but after looking back it feels like planet athenas was kind of rushed i mean it has no planetary view when warping through the planet the voice lines repeat also english isnt my main language but in the planets description it says this makes them something of an easy target '' dont they mean somewhat of an easy target '' ?
athenas was one of the planets i thought really had a lot of potential considering its backstory and relation to sirens
do i need to finish tvhm to play mayhem 3 ?
it takes like 8 seconds to bring up the guide or put in a channel input .
i have a library that depends on many other libraries .
let 's call that library liba and all other libraries dependencies as libb libc ...
i want to create .pc file file for pkgconf that will allow a user to just call pkg-config mylib and get all dependencies listed .
it 's more convenient than specifying la lb lc ... on the command-line .
how that file should look like and where to place it ?
an example .pc file would be the most helpful .
throwaway account because they are aware of all my social media presence but i did n't name it correctly so hopefully it wo n't be deleted .
i do n't think age is important for the post .
backstory i was seeing someone for a few years but they would n't commit so i had to move on .
we stayed friends for a while but then had a falling out .
they recently returned to my life because they are in a rough place and missed my friendship .
they are in therapy and every time i ask they say they wo n't harm themselves .
recently they have decided that they are too toxic for me and do n't deserve my support .
they 've lied to me on multiple occasions and cause a lot of stress because i worry about them constantly .
today while reassuring them that i would be there for them they told me to leave and they would not accept my friendship anymore .
they are in too bad of a place and i need to just leave them .
my question is do i respect that or keep being there for them .
i know they need the support and i want to be there for them but they are pushing me out .
how hard to i try to stay in their lives ?
their issues have been affecting my own mental health but not to the point that i believe they are toxic to me .
my friends do think that they are toxic so i do n't want to bug them about it .
i 'm sure there are more details but i ca n't think of them right now .
on mobile so sorry for any formatting errors and likely spelling errors .
tl dr do i remain in a persons life when they are having a hard time or leave like they are telling me to ?
https lakepointadvisorygroup.com/retirement-planning it 's something that you have been planning for since the moment you started working .
would you like to travel or remodel your home ?
in order to accomplish your retirement goals you need to have a retirement savings plan .
you should know how much money you will have to spend and steer clear of all financial trouble .
where will you find the answers you are looking for retirement planning in texas ?
there are lots of important choices to be made whether you 're a young professional or a few years from retirement .
it can be very difficult to figure out everything you need to know about life insurance annuities iras infinite banking and other financial products .
if you want to avoid poor choices while retirement planning meeting with a financial professional is the best option .
lake point advisory group https lakepointadvisorygroup.com provides expert retirement planning to north texas residents and help them on their journey toward the retirement they 've always dreamed of .
this retirement kit includes three guides that address topics you should consider when planning your retirement .
i 've got quite an issue with discerning a difference between a wry and crooked smile .
edit though this part is still unanswered so i 'd be still grateful for help
and while that 's my current main problem i would be very very grateful if you piled up any amount of words you saw used/would use to describe a smile with their meaning – the more the better you 'd help me a lot so thanks in advance !
i could n't believe my eyes just one league after the clusterfuck that was synthesis player retention they thought this was a good idea ?
i felt they hadnt learned anything from that fiasco and these were my main worries things i gleefully laughed about
the rewards looked lame af and the mechanic extremely complicated and stupid .
thought i was going to ignore it from day 2 onwards or just never build towers and stand in the middle and press right
making minion builds popular ... well i 'm sure none of us saw performance problems in our future ... xd
giving you a free skill point without having to walk to it seemed like power creep only dwarfed by synthesis .
these things paired with the popularity of wow classic made me think the league was going to be dead on arrival .
now most of these concerns didnt turn out to be completely unfounded .
but here are the things i really really appreciate .
i 'm posting this in the hopes that ggg will see it and maybe not blame all aspects of the league for its failure .
it 's actually a lot more fun a lot easier and more intuitive and a lot less annoying than i thought it 'd be .
i personally enjoyed synthesis more but i cant deny that it scratches some of those itches without the mountain of frustration that came with pathing on the nexus .
i especially like and i know this is not an exactly popular opinion that you cant cheat '' on it .
this encounter will always cost you 50 seconds no matter how strong or specialized your build is .
ill admit that when i 'm doing low tier maps anything below 16 i do skip it religiously .
but in the maps appropriate to my build the rewards are fine .
t2 maps should not be the most efficient way to generate currency for a decently geared mid level 92-95 character .
i can not remember a league where headhunter was more meh than this one .
between the league mechanic basically not profiting off it at all apart from making you immortal and unnecessarily powerful and not being able to craft beyond it 's just not that good for almost all content .
sure 5way battles are probably the most profitable thing to do right now and it 's still an absolute must for those but guess we cant win them all .
you can choose not to do 5way battles and not feel horrible about yourself .
things i didnt think i 'd ever say in the first 2 months or so of that league but i really do .
the thing i miss about it is how hard the content was .
i remember my 150ex budget build budget because it used no synthesized items fail cortex time and time again and it not being as fun as i remember now but it was undeniably an incentive to keep improving the build .
i remember having insane areas that killed me 30 times but i couldnt give up because there was just so much profit to be made .
it was a league that truly rewarded doing endgame content .
the most fun ive had this league pants down was failing my first cortex .
it had all the mods increased aoe penetration endurance charges power charges double added damage and more .
i love that they didnt tone them down as much as i feared they would .
yeah the power creep is pretty strong with these and i personally think theyre too widely available .
there are just too many of these dropping to realistically use unless youre anointing and then corrupting dozens if not hundreds of amulets .
ive bricked every single one ive tried so far but thats ok still having fun trying again .
and while having an extra skill point is perhaps a bit too strong it does open up super interesting possibilities .
that added level of option on what ascendancy to use etc .
i actually like it now maybe the game needs to get harder but anointments are cool and as far as i 'm concerned they can stay .
theres more but at this point i 'm just rambling off the top of my head and i suspect it is already long enough to make sure not a single person will read it .
id love to discuss some of the points further though .
i did n't start reading manga till the ao ark .
i 'm looking for a long term rp partner on kik .
we can use either one of the following prompts or we can make our own .
it 's late at night on the frontier between elves and humans .
a minor spat had just ended and so everyone on the border is on edge waiting for the fighting to start again .
an elf about six foot walks through the woods a sword on his hip a bow and quiver on his back .
i have red hair in a buzz slightly taned skin and a stunningly blue eyes .
i hear a snap as you stumble out of the woods
your reading your a romance novel a cheesey spy thriller when after a flash of color you wake up in an odd bedroom as i walk in .
you recognize me as the protagonist from the book you were just reading .
you are sitting in a coffee shop absent mindedly looking through the help wanted ads when you stumble across a slightly odd one wanted assistant for private detective agency .
must have a deep curiosity of the unknown able to accept the odd and strange and be able to aquire concieled carry license '' out of curiosity and desperation for some form of work you apply .
i 'm into shows like one tree hill greys anatomy suits lucifer the crown.. etc .
any good binge worthy show recommendations you 'd think i 'd like ?
i just bought the new spider man movie through the xbox store .
i have tried every route google has given me to disable the narrator yet its still on .
ok i 'm looking for something crazy like an addon/resource pack that will most likely have me dead in the first 30 seconds by what i understand addons can add mobs and make existing mobs more dangerous and also add effects that can be harmful vampirism
bottom line is trump does not support those eastern european nations freedoms .
which is why he holds back all that money for their defense .
plus if he can get zelensky to cloud up biden 's run for the presidency so much the better in his mind .
says its none of our business what he might have said to zelensky .
frankly in my mind it is collusion by definition selling out america and others who want freedom but there is a legitimate debate regarding what to do about those eastern european countries .
7-maps for pve builders with valguero crystal isles ! 2-maps for pvp raiders outpost bases
3x exp 3x all stats 5x harvest 10x tame 15x egg hatch 25x baby mature
pve pvp maps on same cluster pvp outpost raidable bases !
builders can try their hand at building raid bases without risking their main base .
subscribe to our pvp raider mods https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=1632684890 https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=1632684890
subscribe to our pve-builder mods https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=1319534380 https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=1319534380
lottery win 95 of all points in the pool !
spleef shoot the floors out under your competition with a demo gun .
tribes are assigned a ship with all gear provided .
chutes ladders obstacle course with tunnels ladders grappling hook zip lines !
death drop collect 9 artifacts and avoid dropping to your death !
dodo drop egg hunt collect as many eggs as you can in the allotted time .
parkour parachute drop challenge parkour your way to the finish line with parachute drops along the way .
pvp arena two teams battle to collect seven tokens respawns allowed .
underwater maze find scuba gear in the small maze then make your way to the large maze to find the most artifacts in the allotted time .
frog kangaroo or jeep races collect tokens at checkpoints and be first 3 to arrive with all your tokens wins .
pvp clubbing 10 minutes to club the most players and avoid being clubbed .
two tribes build a base in 30 minutes then raid begins .
which tribe can get the others ' token from their vault first .
15m am a sophomore and my crush is junior but she is really cool and fine and she just asked if i wan na do something together what do i do ?
have you ever been in an interracial relationship while having strict parents .
what was your way of telling them about it when it was getting serious ?
i have no clue how to bring it up and frankly i 'm quite scared of the fact of bringing up the situation since in my household dating is pretty much prohibited even though i am in my 20 's .
50 dollars for shoes that are poorly glued together provide no support and do n't breathe .
yes i get that they 're fashionable and i know converse 2 have come out that are glued together better and provide better support but the fact that they still charge a good 50 dollars for the originals is ridiculous .
if i wanted such low quality shoes i 'd go to walmart and buy their canvas shoes that provide no support for a fraction of that price .
spend your 50 dollars on a decent pair of tennis shoes instead .
would ideally have a setting to mute app/video playback in app either as a setting or in accordance with the mute switch state of the phone .
i purchased a photo at panjiayuan flea market in beijing this summer and am wondering if someone can decipher its top text .
it is not in the best condition however i imagine the gist of the message can be gleaned perhaps from what characters are present .
to give some context the photo appears to have been taken at what may have been a collective farm etc .
all the subjects appear to be in their teens and a wooden sing bearing a red star appears in the center of their group .
i completed the python tutorial a few weeks ago and i wanted to change up the way the inventory menu works .
instead of giving an item a letter as it enters the inventory i want to have items sorted by type i.e .
what kinds of adjustments would i need to make to the items array in order to make this achievable ?
ive always been under the impression most homes in the south do n't have basements .
and the houses on rainy st seem like they were all built around the same time and the same developer .
clearly hank does n't have a basement as they have a boiler room .
can anyone give me a basic rundown on when they have used kansa or kape and why they chose which ?
i know kansa has been around longer but i see little to no discussion around it and kape is a zimmerman tool so i see more discussion but still not much .
just wondering who is using which and why they chose the one they did .
imagine fighting lil scavlings and you can kill and loot them
there was this particular dish i had growing up at some chinese restaurants growing up that i loved and would love to recreate .
like the title says they were deboned skin on chicken thighs with crispy skin .
the rolls were cut into maybe 2-3 inch slices .
i 'm aware this may just be an american dish but i 'm reaching out on the off chance it 's an actual chinese recipe .
in my research it seems similar to both drunken chicken right method but not baked like that or soy sauce chicken not the right flavor and typically does n't seem to be deboned .
i heard a clicking noise coming from my extruder and ​i figured out that i had a jam at the nozzle .
i opened the extruder up and i could see dust from where the gears had been trying to force the filament through .
i cleared the jam but now i can see that no filament is coming through but i also do n't hear any clicking .
the printer has been running for over 30 minutes so i know i should see a noticeable amount of filament at this point .
is there a way to manually make the nozzle pull filament through so i can at least tell if it is no longer clogged ?
tried to write this out like five times now .
i can see what my sober response would be i realize that 's a stupid way to feel about an insignificant thing and i move on .
and i 'm way nicer to whoever it is i 'm talking to .
sober me is actually trying to be more like high me when it comes to the small stuff .
wherever someone is looking at you you feel a tingle .
enough of a tingle to know exactly where they are looking but not enough to wake you if you are sleeping .
i 'll get right into it i used to work in mental health so i know a few of the signs .
the past year i 've been having a hard time with my mental health in general .
i started having panic attacks and was advised i may have ptsd becuase of child hood trauma abusive parents drugs etc .
i 've always been able to shove stuff down but it 's not working anymore .
i started talking to a therapist and got on some medications for my anxiety .
now something kinda new has happened in the past i would dissociate when i felt like i could n't control the situation .
it would be out of body and it was like i was n't even the one talking or doing wte i was doing .
for the past few days it 's been happening randomly not triggered by anything .
not a joke my right hand does n't feel like it 's mine randomly .
i 've never really talked to anyone about me dissociating but it seems to be happening more and i do n't like it .
has anyone experienced this or know why it would happen or anything .
i am a scene soon for a horror short film .
i first assumed i could n't use any copywritten characters but then wondered if this would constitute fair use .
after all darth vader in a cheap party city costume could n't and is n't trying to be confused for the official lucasfilm character .
anyone know or have any advice on how to approach this ?
plays like a sort of control and midrange hybrid deck .
takes advantage of the good dragons that blue yellow and especially purple have to offer .
common/rare dragon package mystic guardian icewing spine all are pretty solid and defensive cards on their own taking advantage of prophecy guard and shackle .
spine also boosts magicka so you can play more dragons and get to your big bombs sooner .
great as a prophecy and to add longevity to your big dragons or assist with keeping the board against aggro .
expunge excellent card that heals draws and unshackles which are all helpful for high health creatures .
dark rebirth good for healing big creatures more draws for gray viper and more halls of collossus from kaalgrontiid .
discerning thief excellent card in moe that really helps this deck work .
conditional discarding can replace clunky cards when drawing poorly can boost your alduin quicker when needed .
not a ton of great targets in this deck but its just so flexible .
when you play this the game is usually turned around pretty quick .
just an excellent addition and the deck is a lot weaker without it .
undying dragon be careful when you play this because its one of the few late-game heals .
reanimate only have one copy but its worth it for replaying nahagliiv kaalgrontiid odaviing paarthurnax and alduin
awhile ago i got this nice gaming laptop and recently i 've been trying to understand the game better and play around more since i used to play primarily on ps4 ?
i could n't even find a minecraft folder in my computer files despite the fact that i have the actual game on my computer .
they walkin down the aisle to 100 gecs on god
anybody knows the sat score needed for the intl scholarship ?
the hive are fond of the anguish they bring .
it 's been months since i left the tower .
what do i have to show for my journey ?
each location i survey holds the promise of answers yet each has let me down .
i feel myself drawing near as the tunnels turn from rock and filth to tiles and pomp .
i have yet to encounter even a single thrall .
i would count myself lucky but i know better .
i wo n't fall prey to tricks of the hive .
the gust picks up bringing with it the dust and soot from the tunnels .
did you believe it would be so easy ? toland this time .
i thought it ... would prove more difficult ... to find you.
it 's a scream etched deeply in my mind .
tell me archentrope now that you have me ... what will you do with me ?
eriana appears before me a construct of rock and sand .
you are no more my family than a parasite is to a host .
if only you had gazed upon the dark majesty that slumbered beneath you ...
the dirt and debris in the air spin wildly colliding into me .
to be so near only to scratch the surface must tear at the filament of your mind.
the storm begins to die down i hack up the grime regaining my sight .
as the dust settles i realize i am not where i was .
a green-black sun hangs in the sky and a glowing orb floats in the distance .
darkness is all around me and i am alone .
i love old technology and it happens that my favourite music format is the compact disc .
after a long time listening to all my cds on a radio i decided to buy a discman and i have some questions about it .
some of my favourite albums are on cd-rw and are .wav files .
we 're a roswell company looking to hire a bunch of people mostly sales some tech and account management ... but it 's surprisingly hard to find good people in roswell .
we 've tried indeed craigslist and all the unusual suspects .
where do you guys go when looking for a job ?
int standard shipping is 7 trackable until the package passed to upsp
following their 0-2 start duke university 's daniel jones led the team to a magnificent 6-10 where they snuck into the playoffs due to the rest of the nfc east being trash .
after jones ' injury in the 3rd quarter of the superbowl many thought it was the end of the giants but 3li came in and miraculously staged a 4th quarter comeback over the new england patriots helped in part by giants wide reciever nick foles who miraculously caught a 69 yard pass with his gargantuan schlong .
i mean like i do n't really believe in it .
sure it 's cool for other people but for me ?
the thought of as many raw risky loads as i can get deep inside of me really gets me going .
pulling out even when he 's using a condom .
maybe that 's why i 'm so tempted to hook up .
to just say yes when people ask me indecent things .
to never fight it when they want to cum inside .
when you 're all done making my hot tight little cunt stretch and drip i want your seed all over my fucking face .
but that 's a whole different story of wanting to save it up to let it go outside after and watch the pavement get dark with my little torrential downpour .
are you a slut a fan of a slut wife or just apathetic ?
celebs anna kendrick anna camp alison brie aubrey plaza alyson hannigan christina hendricks faye reagan jessica nigri and more !
i 've been trying to study up on modules with the different tutorials jumping around through the years .
and i read where you can use the defer keyword on other embedded scripts to have them run second .
my issue so far is that i ca n't get the imported object to be recognized by my page level scripts where i want to use the module in onload and in click events .
does anyone have a reference or a quick answer as to whether this is possible without using the other libraries like gulp or babel .
our senior auditor is out doing planning procedures the last week .
she sent me a list of inquiries she is supposed to make to process owners as a pbc item .
she 's so unable to talk to anyone that she listed 5 questions that i 'm supposed to ask our people and report back to her .
i have been nannying for over six years now for different families .
i have normally given notice two weeks when it 's been months or longer that i 've cared for their children .
i understand that it 's normal to give two weeks notice but is it owed if i have n't even gotten a chance to settle in ?
i knew the family would be difficult when i signed on because the mother came off as cold when i first met her .
but i had been job searching and in need of the money .
i 'm also a hopeful person and thought that i might be able soften the child/mother with enough kindness and sincerity .
when i started working the housekeeper informed me that there is no love or appreciation whatsoever and she 's worked here for several years .
i 've also been given more duties than i signed up for dishes cleaning and random errands .
i have never worked for a family where i felt like a servant and not a member .
the baby has n't bonded and still screams incessantly when i come in through the door .
i have already been approached for other nannying positions that work much better with my school/internship schedule
i do n't need her as a reference but i do n't want to feel guilty .
lately i 've been wondering about clairsentience in relation to neville 's concept of everyone is you pushed out .
what if we end up feeling the thoughts and feelings of somebody else that we are manifesting or manifesting for ?
as we are all the i am and everyone is a fractal of ourselves could it be possible that we might be able to tune into their thoughts ?
i would n't like to label this as being psychic as such since that would imply that somebody is separate from ourselves instead of them being rooted in us .
i 've been having thoughts and feelings which i believe are n't mine but coming from another person as it 's not my inner voice so to speak and i feel like i 'm the observer of that thought rather than the one creating it .
i have n't read anything to suggest this is a neville concept so would like people 's ideas on this
i renewed mine online the 12th it says 2 weeks im going on a trip the 25th .
2 weeks would be the 26th and kinda need my id for the bars shit like that hoping it comes in early
i need a good base layer leggings for cold weather iceland in november .
although i am looking for a base layer i was hoping i could also wear it not under anything and as actual leggings .
i am brand spankin new to the realty game and while i 've shown some houses for an agent or two in my small office i have n't yet closed anything er picked up what i 'd call solid clients .
a couple open house attendees would like me to keep them abreast of the local market ...
in our software rapattoni in our case or any for that matter reverse prospecting sounds like a useful tool ... .if the realtor on the other end could be trusted to enter up to date valuable information about a serious prospect no ?
and that would seem to be a pertinent issue because my mls just switched over to rappatoni from innovia like a month ago .
i just hope i would n't be an annoyance if i found some old info or someone who was n't actually serious in someone else 's prospect and was like hey i have this great property i think one of your clients would be interested in . ''
i guess worst case they 'd ignore the email or hopefully quickly tell me no that person was a bum .
i 'm just trying to use all the tools available to me when everyone in my town is a realtor anyway .
as a matter of fact being in the fingerlakes region of ny i was just told we have the most re salespeople per capita out of any region in the us !
we are legion ... even though the biggest city ithaca is only 40k in the summer and 100k when students are there .
apparently the students were one reason the '08 recession did n't put a dent in our industry ...
it is also a popular vacation spot with more and more houses lining the long and numerous lakefront properties ... i 'm still figuring out where i can find those people .
being able to stand out is a problem on it 's own ...
now i have n't fully tested this to iron stuff out but in testing moze and zayne last night i quickly realized that i could equip two grenade launchers or one rail gun and one grenade launcher or one machine gun and one grenade launcher .
i will be testing this with fl3m tonight to see how pets work it might be better to keep the skills in order though because the trees usually have bonuses related to that skill
thank you for making this pop up when visiting the site i always have my adblocker on and did n't think to turn it off for this site even if ad revenue from me might not be enough other users also disabling their adblocks will definitely help keep all the servers running .
part of cell 's character is that he 's a battle junkie like goku and vegeta .
if that 's the case why would he blow up the planet that as far as he knew inhabited the strongest fighters in the universe ?
why not just let them train some more and try again ?
this is cell 's best and really only chance of getting good fights in and he 's willing to destroy it for no real reason ?
you are n't reading this to entertain yourself while you wait on a pizza .
you 're reading this alone and in the back of your mind hoping that you will end up kneeling on the floor largely naked aroused nearly out of your mind .
that 's good since that 's precisely what will happen if you continue reading .
see like usual my words have already got a hold on you .
you no longer want to stop reading you almost feel like you have to finish .
the extra curiosity that 's my influence already taking hold .
if you bothered to think you might notice that your mind is emptying of other subject matter .
my words are becoming the only thing you are thinking about .
that 's natural and you might not have noticed it had i not brought it up .
as it is there 's no need to try and struggle .
the idea of kneeling being aroused controlled by my words ... that got to you .
the image of yourself in that position is making you flushed .
your nipples may have stiffened and your pussy is starting to get wet .
in other words your body is compelling you to read on to submit more .
it is making you feel good while you become more fixated on each phrase every syllable .
at this point something rather interesting is happening inside your head .
your mind has latched on to the notions of submission obedience and arousal .
you 're fixated on them and in reality a step away from the glazed-over-eyes obedient good girl you saw in your head not that long ago .
message me with your name and that one sexual fantasy that repeatedly makes you wet and longing for more .
i did some research and found this powerpoint from the ministry of justice https assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/759772/women-cjs-2017-statistics-infographic.pdf .
it disputes the argument that women are more likely to offend ... on the bottom right you 'll see the rates for reoffending is higher for males 31 than females 23
so that that argument is based on statistics that are n't even true .
so the mayor 's office has just announced a new program https www.london.gov.uk/press-releases/mayoral/pilot-launched-to-tackle-reoffending-rates where female offenders will be spared prison .
it is called the the program is called the female offender diversion project pilot .
it 's worth noting that the london deputy of policing and crime sophie linden is former hackney mp who tried passing a 1000 pound fine https www.vice.com/en_us/article/8gkne3/criminalising-the-homeless-is-a-new-low-for-london-733 for being homeless .
in my opinion this is very troubling and disingenuous .
it is creating a separate justice system for men and women where a man is automatically treated worse simply for being male .
it is direct inequality under law this is creating a two-tiered justice system where a male and female offender are automatically treated differently simply for their gender .
the arguments given are very illogical and really do n't hold up
research found women more likely to reoffend than men after a short sentence
so why is this a justification for more*lenient treatment ?
if anything if males were more likely to re-offend it would be said that they deserve harsher punishment because of it .
and could n't it be likely that female offenders offend more because they receive more lenient treatment to begin with .
this has been the standard legal practice https www.telegraph.co.uk/politics/2018/06/26/justice-secretary-dont-send-women-prison-unless-commit-violent in the uk for over a year ... so would n't it make sense that the group that knows they face less consequences would be more likely to re-offend ?
this article https www.bbc.com/news/uk-45512468 is an example of that a woman repeated arrested for shoplifting saying she does it over and over again because the consequences are so minor .
the move to help 1,000 female criminals over the next two years has been launched by london mayor sadiq khan after research found women are more likely than men to be sent to prison for a first-time offence .
this is extremely unlikely to be true given the above ... in fact it 's logically impossible ... it 's actually the law to exempt women from prison for minor offenses and has been for a year ... there is absolutely no way female offenders are more likely to be sent to prison for a first offense than male offenders .
even so it 's not a justification for a separate and distinct legal system .
shoplifters drug users thieves and low-level offenders will instead be referred to specialist services for help with mental health problems and substance abuse .
but if the issue is to address factors like mental health and substance abuse why make it a gendered program ?
why not make it a program that focuses on mental health and drug offenses ?
the argument that women are more likely '' to be affected by those things does n't hold water because under this program a woman who isnt affected by one of these factors still benefits from the program while a man who is affected would n't simply for his gender .
there 's no sense in making it a law that treats gender as an absolute .
to grant 50 of the population automatic immunity from prison for theft is absurd .
a lack of a women 's prison in london means women are taken further away from their families and support networks which makes the process of rehabilitation more difficult and women entering custody are at high risk of losing their accommodation and having significantly worse employment outcomes than men
this argument is absurd ... the problem then would be the lack of women 's prisons in london .
this feels setup for the past few years there have been calls to close women 's prisons https www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/jun/01/why-we-should-close-womens-prisons-and-treat-their-crimes-more-fairly .
now this has happened it 's being presented as a reason why women need to be treated even more leniently .
so now a woman with no mental health issues or drug issues who steals will be automatically spared prison whereas a homeless man who is starving who shoplifts will be sent to prison .
50 of the population of london now knows they can commit theft with impunity from prison .
yes i understand most of the playerbase could n't care less and just wants kills in every mode .
in my opinion adding a 50 xp bonus if you win would make a big difference .
when the full game comes out everyone will be wanting to level up quickly and this will make all the difference and hopefully get modes like domination more interesting .
hello i 'm having an issue with the baseplate of my m3 where it will not lock when i try to close the camera .
the mechanism it self seems to work fine when not attached to the camera .
am i doing something wrong or is there a problem with the camera ?
not spores you need to place on creep and with limited vision .
we need active detection like protoss and terran have .
revelation and scan is a game of choice where as a zerg you do n't participate in any game.in new ghosts meta and mothership still viable new unit for detection or ability is needed .
i am relatively low level and was wondering if the loot i get will correspond to my level instead of what it could be say perhaps at level 45 .
anyone know if any of the us/canada or anycountry with a lot of netflix shows work ?
the canadian and us servers i 've tried dont seem to work .
any good options for flatwound strings for my hofner bass ?
stuck to my restrictions and put in about 6 hours of work into my business idea .
put 90 days of work into starting a business 1/90
when not at work i spend all day watching online videos youtube and nsfw sites .
i only know of 1 cow field and i really dont want to get shot at .
as my title says i recently got a friend of mine into destiny and as shadow keep is just around the corner i 'd love some help finding out what we need to get through before the update and what we can ignore .
of course story missions are our first obstacle and we will be blasting through each of those to completion maybe a few exotic quests along the way as well .
but my question is what should our overall game plan be to get him ready for the expansion .
he is a brand new player and has no lvl increasing boons and does n't want to buy any .
i am a member of an 1 outlaw motorcycle club and also an operations director for a multimillion dollar company as well as sit on the board of directors .
i will not tell what club i 'm with or company i work for but outside of that ask me anything !
i will try to answer everything i can for as long as i can !
for obvious reasons i will not publicly post proof but if the admins request it i will send them verification privately
i find a lot of value and would love a sports betting site that functioned in a similar fashion
apparently when i talk my mic sounds muffled and my ear pieces are way quieter than what they used to be .
just started a property management job at a student residence .
we have about 122 suites and 588 total beds with about 531/588 occupied .
i was pulling 12-13 hour days for 6 days a week for the first two weeks because it was our turn season .
the following two weeks after that i 've only been working around 8-10 hours a day however there 's so much work to do that i 'm finding myself having to work after hours all the time so that i do n't fall behind .
at first i was ok with this as i thought i was only working this much because the school year just started/i 'm not that confident in my job yet so i still need to learn .
however my boss who is training me she has one more week with me before she leaves for mat leave works all the damn time .
she 's been doing most of the heavy lifting right now but i know as soon as she bounces i 'll have to take that work load over .
she is really good at her job but she 's always working .
i 'll get emails from her non stop throughout the morning/day/night including on weekends .
coordinating construction planning with so and so coordinating pest control to come in answering to tenant emails etc etc etc .
there is so much work to do in this job lol .
i also have to be on call every other week wether that 's my after hours staff calling me for questions or if something major happens at the building when i 'm not there .
so i 'm starting to really question if this job is worth it for me to continue in .
i absolutely do not want a 24/7 job but i feel as if this job might be .
so since you all have experience in this field and know it best is what i 'm experiencing normal for a gm managing a student residence as big as mine ?
is working or feeling like you 're working 24/7 pretty common in busier buildings ?
we have n't had an opportunity to play with scorestreaks in the beta but by playing domination with killstreaks we can see problem already .
it 's been confirmed that killstreaks and specialist are options while scorestreaks are behind a perk called pointman .
players who capturing/defending points in dom or collecting a dogtags in kc should n't be forced to use a perk just to be rewarded for things you should do in objective gamemodes .
so i 'll start with acknowledging the naming of this is.. a little stupid but i 'll explain .
well to make this as short as possible i 've found a few addresses in the game 's code that might benefit you guys if you want to use them to give yourself more currency eridium etc .
note i basically just did this i 'm not a cheat tables maker i 'm not advertising or anything else i 'm just giving you guys the addresses for these items most of us probably would like to have so you can give yourself more
also if you 'd like to know how i got these addresses for anyone aspiring to learn
when you open cheat engine the value box on the right input the value you 're trying to track down for instance if you want credits input your current credit amount .
make sure your value type is 4 bytes then scan after you start scanning spend some currency buy a gun or some ammo then re-scan for the new value do this a few times till you get down to between 2 and 4 codes then drag these down to the bottom box double click them and start changing values if you update the value in some way opening your echo etc .
you can see if you picked the right one .
anyways i hope this is useful to some of you guys .
i do n't think i 'm breaking any rules with this post and if i am i apologize and happy looting !
does anyone know if there 's a well tip for the ts100 i can buy ?
i know you can make your own if you drill a small indentation into the bc2 tip but i do n't have the equipment to do that .
i need more interesting and strange conversation topics to share with my friends .
my recent go to i am running out of people to ask .
it 's such a strange question but also there 's so many choices with baked mashed fries tater tots hash browns scallops curly fries and vodka .
if you had to pick one for the rest of ever which one would you pick ?
i 've been using arrow keys but i need the other hand to use shortcuts for buildings and unit creations and upgrades .
edit sorry for not being able to reply internet line got cut off due to a truck hitting a pole anyways i 'll look into the suggestions you guys suggested d
i have a school project that is running a website and seo for a startup about the men supplement .
i 'm still a beginner in seo so i 'm lost and i do n't know what i have to start first .
i have been different from the majority of people ive known and known of since i was a little boy .
i 've always understood that the value of love understanding comfort and belonging was far greater than any materialistic things and/or status related positions in life .
however that understanding has led the person ive always been to look for and search chase if you will for good quality people for/as friends a girlfriend/significant other or simply someone i can rely on for the things ive always held most important .
though it seems that i am rarely to never met with a person with my level of compassion understanding or even interest of the same values i hold so high .
i do believe in the law of attraction and ive experienced it to be true the law in which that the things u focus on the least will naturally gravitate toward you .
also i further understand that if you focus on something like say yourself instead of the things you want u can obtain them a naturally easily and even subconsciously .
people give the advise focus on yourself and focus and what you love most and love friends and external support will be granted in a way. however what i love most in this world are people and the relationships i can build with them .
i have no other/or real passion or desire in life to drive me forward other than the potential great quality relationships i could have with people .
ig what im trying to ask is how/what do you focus on what you love if every second you spend focusing on it it escapes you and the only way to obtain it is to focus on something else. why would i spend my time working on myself improving myself obtaining money cars whatever etc if not for the people to enjoy/spend it with ?
i have literally no interest in something other than a genuine human relationship and they only develop when youre not interested in them !
! 😭if this doesnt make sense please dont reply !
if u have any suggestions or relations please do !
i ca n't afford piano lessons so i 'm looking for good beginner material .
like a few sheets of music or youtube videos to get me started
passive after an extended animation wattson can fully recharge her current shield immunity from fence damage but now slow .
tactical fences lay dormant until enemies pass through them shocking them .
ultimate increase radius drastically reduce duration remove shield recharge .
fences in the radius of pylon are supercharged stunning enemies for a second and dealing massive shield damage
hi i 'm in barcelona spain 🇪🇸 and need friends from 10000km for the current quests .
i 've been searching everywhere to find out how to do this and i 'm so frustrated .
why are there no instructions on how to use a character 's special ?
irrelevant but i got the idea for this prompt from the life of a kgb defector who goes by jack barsky .
title pretty much says it all will be interesting and a good advert for tier 2 teams ' progression .
magma block can spawn under the lava and make the lava unstable like boiled water or boiled lava and burst into the sky every 30 to 90 seconds normally .
the burst lava drops can burn the blocks which upon the lava .
and the burst shape and form look like the letter v '' means the lava drops will spread further as the height increasing .
the falling drops also will damage the creatures that under the letter v '' .
it will produce steam when lava drops hitting the water .
1 height lava upon the magma block has a very little chance to burst the whole lava will be disappear after the burst .
more lava upon the magma block can made the burst higher and lagger but takes more time and lower chance to burst .
the burst also affects by the acreage and deep of the lava pool .
the wider and deeper the pool is the larger and longer the burst will be but also takes more time and lower chance to burst .
in this case we can made a valcano in minecraft .
its the only reasonable solution for valcano to works in the game just think about it .
the nether with lave pools burst anytimes and the real valcano biome .
there will be tons of fun way to use this feature waitting for us to discover .
i know showrunner '' is n't a credit but i was wondering if there was any way to find out who the showrunner of a particular show or season is .
she calls police on my sister every time they have a heated verbal argument .
she has probably wasted their time atleast 20-30 times .
this number is from what i 've been around to witness .
she just made a false allegation about sexual assault and apparently when they brought up taking it to court she dropped the case and she walks away completely free ? ? ?
i have a shiny gyarados and a melmetal for collateral .
actually i went to watch a movie at the last part of the summer~❤️
i do n't think they 'll do toy story 5 in my opinion .
choco chip ice cream sandwiched between cookies it was delicious !
i have n't ridden it recently so i felt scared .
i ate potato chips while watching the electrical parade https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=k_33thum06k .
i rode the castle carousel https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=iojepwr-sr4 .
i rode it at night so the view was beautiful .
i rode dumbo the flying elephant https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=c7kprs7b6bq .
i could see from the top so it was reaaaaaally beautiful .
i went to the land of dreams after school was over so next time i want to spend a full day !
its legit such a waste of time i might ramble a bit .
like gah its their fault its your fault its everyones fault idk its stupid and a waste of time some people fake depression to fricking get more people on their side some people actually do have depression but they dont glorify it oh and also dont date people out of pity people will ask questions .
well thats how the drama started anyways so stupid and then began dating someone else .
now imma just say how i feel about a certain person lol look they wont take a simple apology because of how much you hurt people .
you tried to be a good person but you make bad desicions i wish i could be brave enough to stop being friends with you but i know you are n't bad but you dont even care about me do you ?
aaandd thats it im done ranting sorry its so messy
when you see someone with a one of these what does it mean to you ?
do you assume they just bought it because it looks cool ?
or that they consider themselves good enough with that character that they saw fit to buy the golden weapon for that hero ?
in higher rank you 'd run into more people with golden weapons who may have got them because they 're really good .
but if you see someone with a golden weapon in bronze or silver it may just be because they think it looks cool .
and which of these do you subscribe to when you get one ?
my family and i moved into a new house a couple of years ago .
the house sits on about an acre of land and we maintain the front yard and a portion of the back yard mow seed water etc .
we leave the remainder of the back yard alone and have not done any to it .
i have noticed over the last few years that our neighbors who have similar yard setups hire landscapers to cut down the brush of the unmaintained portions of their yards each fall we live in the northeast us .
i have done a little research and i can not find a concrete explanation as to why they would do this other than allowing for more sunlight .
my wife and i plan on asking our landscaping company as to whether we should also think about doing this annually but i thought i would post here to see what others think .
ok since one of the developers has not heard me for a day i 'll create this thread .
the situation is this yesterday leafing through some groups in the social network i saw how many more scripts were available for free on dota and the most varied ones from showing a real hero among illusions to detecting wards .
7 years ago i moved to dota from the cs 1.6 because there were no cheaters here and now what ?
a huge company with huge resources can not do something ?
i just do n't believe it so i 'm ready to drop the scripts themselves to the developers so that they add them to the database or find a way to detect them i hope you support me .
i ask developers to contact me in pm so that i pass them these scripts
hi again this is a repost https www.reddit.com/r/tasker/comments/d86s3u/help_java_objecting_casting ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share as there has n't been much replies and i 'm still unable to get it to work .
i also noticed that there is n't much people who use java in tasker so it might be quite hard for me to get an answer too .
i 'm offering a reddit gold award to the first person who can figure this out and help me d
hi i need some help from the java gurus again .
i 'm trying to create a notification direct reply https developer.android.com/training/notify-user/build-notification.html reply-action .
here is my code with the non-relevant parts removed .
a1 java function return remoteinput remoteinput class or object android.app.remoteinput builder function new
a2 java function return notification action action class or object android.app.notification action builder function new
a3 java function return class or object action function addremoteinput
this throws up an illegalargumentexception error at action 3 and it says that the remoteinput object is of remoteinput builder object instead of the expected remoteinput object .
in a small town one day all the adults disappear same sorta of premise as netflix 's between and the kids are left to fend for themselves .
there is the town kids and then there are the boarding school kids and they fight .
turns out mc is the twin brother of the leader of the boarding school kids .
when you turn a certain age you disappear but it turns out you can resist and survive and i think the twins both make it through .
does anyone know were models in this box plastic or resin ?
i just realized there were 2 dv boxes one had extra da hq while other newer 7th edition one had aspiring champion instead .
it would interest you to know that the process is stress-free as the platform collects data anytime the core participants small-scale businesses transact via the medium .
kiinan hallitus pyrkii painostamaan länsimaita olemaan puuttumatta hong kongin tilanteeseen ja tää on selkeästi osa sitä kampanjaa .
musta on helvetin epäeettistä ja kestämätöntä että valtakunnan suurin päivälehti kusee journalistisen etiikan niskaan asettamalla rahan näin räikeästi moraalin edelle .
itellä on tällä hetkellä voimassa vielä kuukauden hesarin digitilaus .
sen jatko on mietittyttänyt jo muutenkin mutta tää sinetöi sen lopullisesti .
kun lehden linja on tämä ja toimitukselliset periaatteet näin olemattomia en pysty enää tukemaan sen toimintaa rahallisesti .
so i just completed transistor an ending really blew me away i was like wow !
and end credits were beautiful to look at and this was one of most incredible games i played .
so that being said i find out what is recursion mode and i going to do it cause i love to and achievements and stuff you know but what does exit to shell does ?
and can i start recursion mode once i exited to the shell ?
thanks in advance but if any of you guys can answer it 's appreciated as internet is n't giving me any .
i joined this sub part way through my third trimester .
my son was born 3 weeks early via cesarean .
i was n't able to make it to a breastfeeding class before his delivery .
all the advice and comments i read on this sub taught me enough of the basics to help me through those first few days until i was able to get out of bed and to a lactation consultant .
i have been successfully feeding for just over a week now and loving every moment since we figured out i have flat nipples before that it was a nightmare to get him to latch for now we are using a sheild
thank you to everyone who is part of this wonderful community .
all of these items are entirely dependant on having a champion that does magicial damage .
however if you gain them from the carousal and see them get upgraded into your next tier then it is entirely possible for these champions to end up with items that they simply can not use .
the fact that you are punished for gaining a 2-star champion by losing access to a potentially powerful item is nothing more than a design flaw .
when a champion is given an item that it simply can not use then the item should automatically fall of so that you can give it to a champion that is actually capable of using it .
i really tried to make sure there was n't a better sub or google answer to this and i 'm stunned to have come up empty handed
my grandfather was a boston police officer for 49 years .
i never got to learn much about him and would kill to have to some if access to some of his old files/cases/stories .
how do i go about requesting records related to my deceased ex police officer grandfather ?
as someone we recently discoverer this sub its quite scary .
so fellow r/collapse redditors what action are you taking if we expect to see drastic change to our life in the next 10-20 years ?
i am not 100 asexual but i have strong desire for sex-free life .
is there any regular meeting or community in toronto ?
i am not fond of lgbt community for personal reason so meeting held by those community is not for me .
however i do n't meet people from online unless i think it 's safe for me .
i do n't want to that person who is super in need of always talking to someone but what i am looking for is someone to talk to .
it does not have to be every minute of every day and if it is then that is okay .
some things about my true self i really enjoy learning new things hearing about adventures people have taken coding and playing video games i am good at neither and watching movies and tv .
i come across as boring so i do apologize for that in advance .
if you 're bored of me feel free to ghost !
i signed up for the 2nd year match-up this summer but my match has n't gotten back to me and there were no further matches .
is there some sort of match-making/speed-date program at ubc ?
indian travel online https indiantravelonline.com offers complete package tour for students family and others .
taj mahal golden triangle tour package includes travel food quality hotels for accommodation good drinking water parking charges toll charges sight seeing driver bata etc .
we under take heritage desert tour rajasthan tour booking from all over india .
adventure tours are very special in our shimla manali package
i was at a car spawn today and it only needed one part to finish hoping i can maybe get to it tomorrow before restart time if anyone knows when that is
the only thing keeping this show from being a 10/10 for me is character building .
i think the story is great the visuals and environments are top notch but the characters are lacking depth .
they did do a good job with philo 's character .
they basically focused all emotions and feelings on philo .
the problem with that is he ca n't die .
if they did decide to kill him off the show would be over .
an example of lack of character depth is the chancellor absalom breakspear .
they were trying to build a powerful and wise figure who turns out to be the main characters father .
but his death at least for me was emotionally underwhelming .
absaloms character to me seemed to resemble ned stark from game of thrones .
neds character was built to be powerful and wise and who turned out to not be the main characters father .
with his death a piece of me died with him .
was absalom breakspears death anywhere near as emotional for you as ned starks ?
still this show is great and i love the heck out of it .
i just hope they do n't rush season 2 and that they focus more on the story building an less on epic cgi battle scenes .
on the day you have crossed the jordan into the land the lord your god is giving you set up some large stones and coat them with plaster.”*\-deuteronomy 27:2
okay right off the bat from verse 2 of deuteronomy 27 we encounter another one of those difficulties that nitpicking scholars just love to point to in order to discredit the trustworthiness of scripture .
we 're told that as soon as the israelites cross over the jordan river into promised land territory they are to set up large stones to serve as memorial markers .
we 're told they 're to erect the stones at mount ebal which is a whopping 30 miles north of where the israelites will be once they cross over the jordan near jericho .
and given the rugged terrain the journey from where the israelites will be when they cross the jordan to get to mount ebal would take about five days .
so when certain bible translations say on the day you have crossed over the jordan they are to erect stones at ebal it would appear to be a distinct impossibility .
when it says on the day they have crossed the jordan do n't take it literally .
understand that it 's just a common way of speaking that means the israelites are to be quick and efficient about their task once they 've crossed over the jordan .
it does n't mean they have to get the job done before the sun sets or they 're toast .
in fact i think it would be much better if all english bibles just said once you have crossed the jordan .
for more just google messianic revolution '' ! ! !
we 're the number one site under that search term ! !
i understand there 's classic black lace there 's vintage and there 's fetishwear but where do you find items that can be categorized primarily and distinctly as gothic ? it seems like i can only find hosiery .
i feel like the nu-goth harness stuff is in that category even though they 're usually ornamental
so frustrating that there are no hours now and the asm hours are allocated into the store budget !
i 'm the one who does all the merchandising for the store !
i take a lot of pride in my store and a perfectionist and so hard to work for a company that does n't value that !
we have all we can do to stay current with no extras .
with riteaid aid employees they gave the ex tech and key leadership a decent raise but ams and store managers did n't !
were the ones that are the backbone of the store.. !
and it 's ck this and that log this log that !
i 'm surprised they do n't have a bathroom log to see how long you were in there and why !
i wanted to stay with riteaid but the closest store was an hour a away .
i trickle charged my 2002 530i today after the battery died yesterday approx 6 hours on the charger .
i started up the car just fine afterwards except my gas gauge is now stuck on empty with fuel light on and my range is displayed as
did a wire go bad while i was jumping the vehicle ?
as a side note after the first start when i shut off the car i got a trans failsafe message but after a subsequent start the message went away .
i 'm assuming that was just because the battery had died .
i am reading the art of thinking clearly by rolf dobelli .
it 's a popular book that enlightened me about the fallacies and the irrational way of thinking you have while dealing with life .
i had my ups and downs with being religious from being the good religious boy to the rebellious teen who started to question things even being atheists for some 3 years there to the young man who just gave up the quest of religion assuming that there might be god and that god is generous yeah but made us live through such an irrelevant life of irrationalities where god may exist but ultimately decided to make it hard for us to believe in him i believe god wants us to reach for him rather than us wanting god to reach for us
because if what they preached was about being good and not bad why would god then show his might through a miracle ?
why did god make his prophets do all the talking and convincing when all he had to do from the start is show them a miracle and be done with it ?
we know that god knew already that preaching wo n't do good so why did the prophets preach anyways ?
maybe religion were n't about god reaching to humans to tell them i am your god and i exist but rather the quest of spreading religion was the mission god bestowed upon those prophets who reached to god so sincerely for long years without even seeing god .
and then god suddenly was like your sincerity reached me human but if you want me to acknowledge you i will be having another task for you fulfill and that is ... .. to start preaching and spreading a religion ?
reading that book made me realize again how much unfair the world is despite society teaching kids that if they make enough efforts they will eventually succeed and that actually those who overcame their past difficulties are just a low probability of individuals that had just realized that the world is unfair but they should n't be angry at it it was them the young ones who were foolish to think otherwise that life can actually smile to you .
that 's it you do n't need to be religious or atheist to succeed in life you have to strive to improve yourself persist through all ... ... . and maybe you will be lucky and hit success when you are past your fifties ... .. after all life is as such .
the fact that there has n't been an actor reveal may indicate that she wo n't be in it at all .
it 's been done before with other shows based off of certain ip 's .
the fact that there may be a heavy focus for the entire season on spikes dealings with julia and vicious faye and jet might be set as just light support characters and there may be no reason to include ed at all .
making a serious toned show only to have ed be weird and crazy for almost no reason besides the fact she 's just there for no reason ?
hell ein will problem end up getting just a minute or two of screen time .
but why have n't they announced her actor yet ?
i do n't care how they do it but i will be severely bummed if she not there .
so i actually got some video from sept. 27th events finally uploaded on an alternate vimeo account .
anyway under the account hearing sound i got two uploads from the event .
though the quality is shaky as all hell so i do apologize .
i am from detroit and i was traveling from san francisco airport back home on 1st september lost my camera on the plane .
i was wondering if anyone who is traveling through might be able to check at the sfpd lost and found at sfo airport
lost what a black camera bag found on 1st september .
it 's a black camera bag with a black nikon d5500 in it .
lost when and where 1st september at gate 32 terminal 1 for flight dl745
it 's got our 10th year anniversary pics on it .
at this point the pics are worth more than the camera .
i am the coach for a middle school first lego league team think lego robotics .
each year we have to do a research project .
this year my team is interested in porous concrete sometimes called pervious paving .
they want to see how porous concrete could help with street flooding .
are there any civil engineer road experts here that would be willing to exchange a few emails or phone calls with my team over the next two months as they do their research ?
for the last almost 3 months i keep getting the same notification daily or even few times a day .
i have limited data plan so i have warning/limit notifications set up but i do n't need the same notification popping up every single day .
no it 's not using more data than usual and even if it was i am using that application so i am aware that it 's using my data .
it even pops up during the weekends when i 'm at home and strictly using wifi the entire day .
i 've looked throughout the settings but did n't see anything remotely useful .
exactly as on the tin what rocks are best to keep as pets ?
in episode 2 we begin the exploration of our first dungeon with our new best friend who totally wo n't die .
in episode 3 we make a new friend who probably wo n't stab us in the back and continue our explorations of the underground ruins !
not of major importance but some folks speculate on who or where ilya 's family was .
it was common for families of overseas employees athletes and anyone who might defect to stay in the ussr .
so i do n't think ilya whoever he was had a family in takoma park or anywhere in the usa .
i also wonder if masha 's father grabbed her because the kgb learned katarina had a child and wanted masha in their jurisdiction to keep katarina in line .
a little while ago i uploaded a link to my todomomo fanfic on here and some people seemed to enjoy it so i might let you guys know every time i upload a new chapter if that 's okay .
has anyone ever watch vision unravel similar to those wind spinners that have a picture when you look at them straight on but from an angle they are just strips of plastic ?
sorry i do n't know how to explain it better .
i 'm looking into starting my kit and am struggling on which foundations to buy .
with so many colors finishes and coverages i 'm not sure what to get that would fit all clients ?
i wish that foundations made half sizes because it would be so much more convenient .
i would love to hear your recommendations or what foundations your kit had to start out with !
i 've spent two days trying to set this up with all sorts of problems .
finally got it working and downloading all the media .
everything works fine images marquee but the videos are 16kb 32kb ?
kinda at my wit 's end here so any help is appreciated .
ive been really wanting to go to concerts and just go out and do things with ppl but my friends would rather drink and play video games .
itd be really cool to make some friends here possibly meet up and plan a day to go to a concert or festival .
top 3 favorite concerts i 've been to were arctic monkeys skimask and kali uchis .
i 'm going to see tyler hippocampus and hopefully troyboi this year .
i really want to go to a rave never been and burning man .
i love all sorts of music so if you have any recommendations let me know .
also if you just want someone to talk to about anything i 'm here !
so i have a amd e1-2500 apu with radeon hd graphics .
will this work with chromefy and what recovery image should i use ?
i have a question about negotiating mortgage rates between a broker and a bank who does not deal with brokers .
currently there are a lot of banks offering cash incentives and other perks .
currently we are being offered 2.69 from the bank which is a pretty good rate .
we have n't gotten the final rates back from the mortgage broken but expect it will land around the same .
lenders have also offered incentives like cash back 2000 and avion points 50,000 .
exploring rates i have found that motusbank is offering 2.49 which is a significant difference over five years .
is motusbank a 'safe ' 'reputable ' rank to draw a mortgage from ?
is it possible to use motusbank 's posted rates to have the broker bank reduce their rates ?
what advice do you recommend for negotiating between a bank and a broker ?
is there any tips you would recommend about negotiation the best rate possible prior to closing ?
does anybody know of any good tutorial series video or written for setting up client server networking in gms2 ?
i was following one on youtube that uses a marketplace asset called gloomynet but it seems the video series has been abandoned .
i am have alot of game maker experiance but am pretty new to the networking side of things .
i 'm pl 129 and i keep running out of blue perk up .
so i was rummaging through some episodes and i came across j kents funeral and they played peter gabriels grieve '' .
i have n't really seen many shows able to top the musical choices of this show .
other top 2 choices are when they use johnny cash 's version of hurt '' and when flash and clark race to rascall flatts ' feels like today '' .
a long time ago maybe even in beta i found a mod that would draw a white box around any ore you designated in a menu with it 's block id .
you could see the boxes from anywhere in the world through any other block .
i could designate chests and walk around looking at the ground and find dungeons .
find diamonds and just dig down to them etc .
i know it 's lazy but sometimes i do n't want to grind forever .
does anyone know the name of it or have a link to it or one like it that works with 1.14 ?
this is the man who wrote two columns said before the referendum he wanted to remain and according to cameron himself had never ever mentioned being in favour of leaving the eu .
i just wondered if people here honestly think his heart is in leaving ?
i got new ram about a month ago and i first posted on here because it wasnt usable since then i put it in the right slot after relaying it and it worked for awhile now its doing the same thing again .
i can confirm that both sticks that i have in work fine i 've swapped them into the second slot each and tested it but not together .
i 've cleaned the sticks and relaid the ram multiple times to no avail .
the only thing i have n't done is clean out the slot mostly because i 'm not sure what i would even use .
the problem rockstar has with properties is that this is a prequel .
so whatever buildings are out there is all we got unless they expand the map .
there are already house boats on shore in lagrass .
so rockstar would make money from people buying gold to make their sweet house boat with whatever upgrades you could want .
and we would get stuff to do with some piracy missions without messing up the timeline of the series .
they did yachts in gta give my bois some house boats .
i 've upgraded a broken straight sword to 15 and it did n't unlock i even decided to not do the menu quit-out glitch that normally reserves the slab but that did n't work either so now i 'm not only not having my achievement i 'm out of another slab as well .
the amount of issues i 've been having with connections and unlocking of achievements in this game is nothing short of embarassing it 's getting extremely annoying and tiring .
as many of you im in love with the kriss aesthetics .
my local shop is selling a tan vector g2 .
i have heard that the ares version of the kriss is pretty decente and it 's on pair with the krytac version .
but i do n't know if this is a true statement .
for example it seems to have a better trigger response better balance because the weigth is more wells distributed and so on .
so here is my question how this kriss performs ? ?
there is not too much info in this reddit about this version .
i pretend to do some upgrades after a good amount of matches un case i end up buying it .
the inner child is the higher self which is the same as jesus or the enlightened self and highest ideal .
the name i '' points to the felt-sense of this inner being which is you .
when you hear a thought inside which says i ca n't '' it is a thought attempting to convince 'i ' or your higher self that it can not .
since you and 'i ' are one your felt-sense of belief in the thought i ca n't '' gives the thought reality because you as i '' are the divine creator .
the felt-sense of being is the foundation where the imagined you begins .
this same you which is merely a concentration of attention is the bridge between the invisible world and the visible world .
when you look behind yourself you see nothing and only sense your vast being .
when you look out you see the world as you imagine it to be .
you can change what you see by changing your felt-sense of being .
direct your power of belief or felt-sense of being toward ideals you wish to see appear .
the world begins to shift in response to your felt-sense of being .
give i '' words of courage empowerment faith hope trust richness abundance and prosperity .
tell words of doubt fear mistrust depression and poverty to get out .
i stopped taking my meds weeks ago and now i 'm falling into a depression and trying to divorce the only person that wants to take care of me !
the townsfolk gathered on the bank of the river leitha they 've gathered around to see the trial of one elizabeth dietrichsditter .
some of them accused elizabeth of witchcraft and heresy for failing to attend church regularly .
the young woman was just as pious as they come however she preferred the company of her lord alone .
that did not sit well with some of the townsfolk nor did it sit well with the local priest who had heard rumors of her involvement in the destruction of her hometown gelbfort .
adamant in her innocence she had protested the accusations by proclaiming she will undertake examinations which would disprove all accusations against her .
hence she the local clergy and townsfolk gathered at the bank of the river leitha .
elizabeth was about to undertake the trial by swimming wherein if she were a witch the water would reject her and suspend her body atop its surface .
remove your undergarments child for you might be hiding some hexes in them to help you submerge. ordered father hermann .
seemingly without a care in the world elizabeth locked her eyes with those of the priest and retorted in a dry and aloof tone father have your men inspect me for any special marks before they throw me into the river.
the onlooking crowd roared in excitement at the prospect of the young woman bearing herself before them .
only a woman in league with the devil would announce such an immodest intention to stand naked before her whole town ! the priest smirked assured of his supposed victory .
as she began undressing elizabeth glanced once more into the eyes of the priest before noting we are all but naked before the eyes of our lord .
garments mean very little when the time of judgment comes .
only people who‘ve fallen to carnal sin would see this as a morally wrong action i am merely stating my innocence before all those who are present.
the crowd began cheering again almost as if to signify that most of the townsfolk believed in elizabeth 's innocence .
once she was fully undressed the cheering had turned into wild shrieks and whistles from men and embraced giggles from the women .
elizabeth in turn stood there filled with pride and conviction her face displayed no emotion whatsoever .
silence ! the priest ordered before having his men inspect the young woman 's body .
they in turn looked and probed at her while she remained motion and emotionless much to the chagrin of the priest .
father hermann noticed a small mark on elizabeth 's shoulder almost hidden beneath her long light brown hair .
he ordered her to move her hair aside and expose the backside of her shoulder .
what is this mark child ? the priest questioned .
elizabeth turned to face the priest once more locking eyes with him the scar from a childhood accident .
a faulty shelf collapse on top of me with its edge cutting deep into my flesh.
can you present anyone who can confirm the story child ? father hermann pressed .
her gaze fixed and her body language unchanging elizabeth responded coldly unfortunately not .
well then perhaps you are a witch after all. the priest declared to the onlooking crowd who in turn jeered at the prospect .
elizabeth kept on staring at the clergyman her gaze firmly fixated on him almost digging into his skull no. she retorted calmly .
her response sent shivers down father hermann 's spine she made him feel uncomfortable and he could n't pinpoint why .
something is wrong with this one ... he mumbled softly to himself .
elizabeth smiled at him an inhumanly wide grin for just a single moment before reverting to her stone-cold expression .
she whispered gently to the priest i 've heard that father ! her eyes widening with amusement .
the priest visibly shuttered at the girl‘s remark before swiftly ordering his men to tie her to a rope and throw her into the river .
elizabeth did n't protest the procedure in fact she seemed to be happy to take a dip in the cold river below her .
the crowd around her fell silent not knowing what to expect .
the majority of her neighbors were sure of her innocence but some were doubtful .
she was after all a recluse who did n't attend church and behaved somewhat suspiciously unsocial at times .
a rope was tied around elizabeth 's waist and one vicar shoved her down into the cold river below her .
the whole time she did n't utter a sound or change her expression .
not even when they had thrown her into the cold water .
her gaze remained somewhat aloof and her facial features remained relaxed .
a loud splash followed her body hitting the leitha‘s waters and then her body sank into the river .
as if no woman was being submerged into the water .
the calm became eerily unbearable to the crowd that silently stood awaiting the reemergence of the young woman from within the water as the moments dragged on .
the priest stood at the edge of the bank awaiting elizabeth 's body to float upwards on its own .
he became increasingly irritated when her body refused to resurface .
the crowd in turn became bitter when the procedure seemed to drag on too long .
they began screaming and demanding elizabeth be pulled out of the water .
at first the priest ignored their calls but once the crowd became riotous enough father hermann finally relented and ordered his men to pull the young woman out of the leitha .
once her body emerged from within the water the people roared in excitement their daughter figure had proven her innocence .
the priest took one look at her dripping face and then forced himself to look away her dark eyes felt as if they were piercing his soul .
he could n't handle her cold gaze any longer .
once elizabeth was untied and allowed to dress the priest looked at her and proclaimed .
i proclaim thee innocent of all charges of witchcraft and heresy elizabeth dietrichsditter.
the crowds roared in approval delighted in the proclamation .
elizabeth approached the priest once fully dressed and stared him straight in the eyes before saying in a somewhat shaking tone unlike herself father i‘ve her a divine premonition while i was submerged in the waters of the river.
the priest felt as if the young girl was about to devour his soul her words sounded muffled and slowed to him .
she would n't move her gaze away from him .
she stood in front of him staring at him as if she was a statue .
wh-what ... are you saying child ? he questioned nervously .
elizabeth 's eyes gleamed and she spoke once more the voice of an angel warm and husky spoke to me it said that one of the people around me was a true devil worshipper.
i swear father i swear in the lord 's name the angel told me to sprinkle the water in my hairs across the feet of the men around me to find which one is the sorcerer.
how dare you speak the lord 's name in vein ?
during the exchange of the two the crowd fell silent again confused by the words of the young woman before them .
some took her words seriously while others began thinking she had finally lost her mind .
as the priest began threatening elizabeth with damnation and condemnation she walked around the edge of the bank spraying the waters from her hair all over the clergymen around her .
ignoring the priests warning she sprinkled water from on each and every one of them as they stood dumbfounded and speechless towards her .
as she did she reassured them that as long as they are on the right path they should n't feel anything .
once she reached the final vicar she heard a loud thud behind her followed by the blood-curdling screams of father hermann .
the crowd gasped loudly in unison as elizabeth turned around to see the priest lying on his back clutching at his feet .
his shoes were slowly melting off with each passing moment the screams of pain grew in volume .
the young woman ran up to the priest and stood over him .
blood began flowing profusely out of where his shoes used to be .
the crowd was panicking along with the clergymen who had gathered around the agonized priest .
father hermann was screaming ungodly profanities as his body twisted and turned in response to the blazing sensation that came from his lower appendages .
as the clergymen were trying to make sense of what was happening elizabeth ran towards the priest‘s carriage and grabbed a large from within it running back towards the fallen priest .
some townsfolk ran up to the priest as well .
the whole riverbank became chaotic like a scene out of a battle .
elizabeth kneeled over the priest and began praying in latin father hermann noticed her prayer and his eyes widened in fear .
she was n't supposed to know the tongue of the divine .
she urged him to grab the cross and to join her in prayer .
whatever was this plague that had stricken him only the lord could salvage him .
he took the cross into his arms and prayed along with the young woman .
after a few moments of prayer the priest cried out in pain again exclaiming my hands my hands are on fire !
the priest shrieked as he felt the skin of his palms envelop the golden crucifix .
he writhed like a worm trying to shake away the scorching golden object away from his hands .
elizabeth stood over the clergymen and watched in horror as the priest rolled around the ground .
he locked eyes with her and growled at her this bitch did this to me burn this whore of satan kill her before her evil consumes us all !
elizabeth smiled again a smile too wide to be human her eyes widened with amusement as she stared with an almost demonic stare at the restless body of the priest for a moment before proclaiming those who lie in the name of the lord shall suffocate on their own poisonous words !
the priest stopped moving his eyes widened with fear .
his body began convulsing uncontrollably prompting the fallen priest to emit some terrible sounds involuntarily .
after a few moments a sea of spiders crawled out of his mouth until there was nothing but a leathery husk remaining .
elizabeth turned to the riotous crowd and proclaimed as i‘ve said the lord‘s angel instructed me to find the one who had formed a pact with the devil through the waters that have touched my body .
father hermann stepped on the puddle which i left when i set foot on the ground .
i‘ve found the one who had poisoned our community for so long !
i‘ve found those who need to be put to death for the crimes of devil-worshipping and witchcraft !
with her diabolical smile stretched from ear to ear she pointed at the remaining clergymen and exclaimed tear them apart as the inhabitants of tartaros would !
thus at the end of the witch trial the cries of men being torn to pieces by a maddened mob the bank of the river leitha while elizabeth dietrichsditter watched on .
her wicked smile never faded from her otherwise delicate face .
sofi money is running a referral program where you can get 50 for signing up with my link and depositing 100 or more .
you can deposit money through your bank paypal etc.. no need for direct paycheck deposit .
money will be deposited around 48 hours after you deposit the 100 .
this is a very easy way to make 50 .
you can also keep the money in the bank and let it accrue some interest .
the account can be closed once your money arrives with no repercussions .
although i 'd recommend you check out the bank and use them as they offer good services such as
1.8 apy on a hybrid checking account with no minimum .
a nice looking visa debit card with no fees .
just released on vod one of my films of the year .
crazy/trippy vampire bloodbath shot on 16mm that really goes all-in !
caught it at a festival over the summer and it 's even better on the big screen but not sure if it 's screening anywhere ?
every time i try to play an error occurs and i get sent back to the main menu .
my friend has been unable to connect to the rocket league servers for a couple days now .
he plays on ps4 and is able to load into the game but is unable to find a online match .
i noticed that the monsters can be put in a table as they share traits and those traits grant them specific abilities .
i am worried though that is not that clear .
may i send to you in private that bestiary part and tell me if it 's clear enough or if i should overhaul it ?
first thing is first i absolutely love the dead cliffs .
i think the map works extremely well in survival .
in the newest twab bunige announced that they will be retiring dead cliffs until fixes are made and the map can return .
so today i thought i would try to present some ideas for how bungie could improve the dead cliffs for a return to matchmaking .
this post will specifically go into detail on how and why the map is broken and the changes i would make to the map to improve map movement flow and spawn locations .
so the biggest and best change to this new layout is the a side of the map .
all i 've done here is simply swap the zone a location and the spawn locations for the a area .
this allows any team spawning on zone a a much quicker route to get to either zone c or zone b .
this also puts the zone a in the safest spot on the map .
the room still has two different ways to get into it and seems like a much better area for the zone to be at .
however with zone a the vast majority of the time you wont even spawn in the zone a room .
there is a very logical reason for this that the game takes into account .
when you die the game looks for the safest spot on the map to spawn you so that you wont get spawned into enemy fire .
the safest spot is the back room on the a side of the map .
here is a picture of how the spawns currently work both the heavy spawn locations and the zone locations .
the reason why the a spawn is in such a bad location is because as we stated earlier it is in the furthest and safest spot on the map .
this means that your only two options of trying to make a comeback is to either rush straight ahead truck side and try to take b .
this is the most risky push as you are a straight open target for the snipers that are going to be inevitably waiting for you .
the other option for trying to make a push is to push through the actual zone area of a and try to take c. this is the most logical push as its a bit safer however it is still an extremely hard zone to capture .
zone c is on the bottom floor of the c area .
it has an open door from two different directions at floor level .
one of these doors leads to b side the other leads to a side .
on top of this the entirety of the c zone is surrounded by higher ground .
as i mentioned earlier c and b are very close to each other .
the other team will have no issues falling back and stopping the counter cap for zone c. they will have the advantage for two different reasons .
the first reason is that they will have the high ground .
on top of that they have door ways and walls to take cover behind .
the team trying to take zone c has no cover what so ever .
they are sitting ducks in the middle of the room .
so as you can see no matter what zone you try to push from zone a you are at a significant disadvantage .
one more point heavy spawns on zone b thus making zone b control even more powerful and a must have zone for the match .
i have moved all the zones and adjusted the a spawn room location .
in my opinion this greatly balances the map and gives each area more a fair attempt for capture and defense .
so the biggest and best change to this new layout is the a side of the map .
all ive done here is simply swap the zone a location and the spawn locations for the a area .
this allows any team spawning on zone a a much quicker route to get to either zone c or zone b .
this also puts the zone a in the safest spot on the map .
the room still has two different ways to get into it and seems like a much better area for the zone to be at .
the next changes are for zone b. i know you cant tell from the paint job but zone b spawns inside of a small rectangular room the same room that heavy spawns in for control .
it is my opinion that the zone should be in relatively the same area except move it to the outside of that area .
do n't have zone b spawn inside of the rectangular room but have it spawn outside of the room right out in the open .
this makes zone b a much harder zone to capture which it should be as its the best control point for the map .
i have also moved the heavy spawn outside of zone b and i have moved it to spawn on the middle pillar .
this is a neutral spawn location that can be easily accessed from any zone .
it is also in pretty much the center of the map which is great for teams to try and battle each other to gain heavy advantage .
the last change is to zone c. currently there is no cover for zone c. however if we move it slightly towards the back there is a bit of cover on the floor in the zone c room however the zone spawns with that cover behind it thus making the cover completely useless .
so moving zone c behind the cover allows players a better chance of capturing the zone .
it also gives players move mobility to move around and get to either stair side on the back room of zone c where walls are located thus giving the player more room for cover .
so the biggest and best change to this new layout is the a side of the map .
all i 've done here is simply swap the zone a location and the spawn locations for the a area .
this allows any team spawning on zone a a much quicker route to get to either zone c or zone b .
this also puts the zone a in the safest spot on the map .
the room still has two different ways to get into it and seems like a much better area for the zone to be at .
our maps for this season so if this gets good feedback ill start with those maps first .
asking sold for the pair i 'll cover pp fees and shipping as title states these are brand new in box only removed from the shipping box for the timestamp photos .
as this is my first time posting here i would like to apologize in advance for any format mistakes and thank everyone for their time !
i love jesus and i love the church and always try to learn more .
i like to listen to podcasts about saints and catholic theology catholic answers that kind of thing .
i am the mother around here two adult children and my husband are not catholic .
i have been asked by them not to listen out loud to my catholic shows in the common areas of the house because it 's annoying and they do n't want to hear that .
i agreed because i felt like i would n't want to hear some of the stuff they listen to probably but i feel resentful .
it 's my house so why ca n't i listen to catholic answers in the evening when they are doing something else anyway ?
i do n't want to chase them into separate rooms or drive them away .
i 've had endless issues with my younger sister but in the last year we 've reduced contact and moved into a slightly better place .
she 's the only family i have nearby that is n't nmom so i 've been trying to repair the relationship .
a bit of context we spent the last christmas as a family and it was horrible .
my mother created so much drama by pitting us against each other playing the victim and rage spiralling .
this year my brother has decided not to come and my mother is going to visit him instead he 's definitely the golden child but he knows that and is n't blind to mom 's behaviour .
this leaves my sister and i in the same country .
i assumed but did n't know for sure that she would come up to visit for christmas .
i spoke to her about it for the first time last night and mentioned that friends i am extremely close with they are more like family have invited me and her if she 's here to christmas at their house .
it 's an ongoing issue that she feels awkward being around my friends and does n't want to spend time with them so i knew deep down she 'd react badly .
the thing for me is that i love these people i see them about 400 more than i see her and my daughter has an absolute blast around them .
it would be a very special christmas for my daughter and i to be a part of this loving family and i know that they would extend every generosity towards my sister too .
but my sister just wo n't get to know them which means that she will always have the excuse of feeling awkward when she visits .
and i do n't want to spend a week isolating myself just because she 's here .
i usually see this family two or three times a week at least .
should i have just planned to spend all my time with her when she visits ?
i 'm confused because i do n't know if i 'm wrong to want more than just to see her when she 's here .
and christmas is a special time with family but i consider these people family .
i 'm high and wan na go on a walk but i do n't want to do it alone you know ?
i 'm pretty positive it 's gone so i wanted to ask if there is anywhere to get an older iphone here in kyiv ?
i 'm 100 sure it 's cheaper here than in my country so i thought why not .
leaving tomorrow so would like to get one asap .
i 'm a sophomore in history highschool and am thinking about doing track in the spring specifically the 400 as my friend suggested .
i tried running it tonight and had 1:22 i know that 's not good so what can i do to improve i 've never done track before so i do n't really know the stride or anything .
i weigh about 118.5 when i wake up am a bit over 5'5 and am around 8 body fat .
i lift weights at school and that is mostly geared around wrestling
our schooling system has not evolved in over 100 years .
we still use the prussian school system which is designed to instill obedience so that children will not learn how to think for themselves .
mass education was the ingenious machine constructed by industrialism to produce the kind of adults it needed .
how to pre-adapt children for a new world – a world of repetitive indoor toil smoke noise machines crowded living conditions collective discipline a world in which time was to be regulated not by the cycle of sun and moon but by the factory whistle and the clock . ''
schooling instills obedience in us so that we are prepared to obey our superiors in the workplace and never think for ourselves .
we went from taking orders from teachers to taking orders from managers .
we were young so we did n't realize the damage that was done until it was too late .
most likely your parents did n't care because they were too busy bragging about your schooling accomplishments to their peers .
the nightmare did n't begin after college it started long before that .
hey i have a job interview tomorrow and am trying to figure out what to wear .
would slacks and a dress shirt be appropriate to wear or would jeans and a casual shirt be more fitting ?
this is one of my first jobs that is n't block work or supermarket work and i am really nervous .
the concensus seems to be to look professional so i guess i 'll wear slacks and a dress shirt .
a few weeks ago i applied for a job .
i got asked to interview and it went okay .
the next day i got a form email from hr stating that they chose another candidate for the position thank you .
then last friday i saw on the company website the same job is posted again .
i really like the job i really like to work for that company .
is it reasonable to apply to the new posting ?
one person told me not to just wondering other peoples opinions .
3. since coming to the us in 2010 he has been working in some cities like texas san diego and la and so on .
my hair is all over my bathroom i shed like crazy .
my hair is all over my sink no matter what i do i feel like my hair sticks to my sink mostly and even toilet bowl the outside is there anything i can do to help prevent this ?
are unique cards more likely to succeed than common cards say if you are upgrading with the same grade ie .
also does further upgrading of a card have lower success rates such as going from 2/3 3/3 fails more often than going from 0/3 1/3 ?
i seem to have either really bad luck and nothing upgrades on a given day or everything seems to succeed .
i 'm 23m and i am desperately looking for somebody to play classic wow with !
i do n't mind making a new character in a new server i 'm just really bored of playing alone .
my samsung u28e850r 4k monitor will inconsistently make a high pitched whining noise similar to a dog whistle .
it does this even when the monitor has no power supply .
i really only notice it when the room is very quiet especially when i am trying to sleep .
it is n't very loud but noticeable enough to drive someone crazy .
has anybody had this experience with monitors before and if so how did you resolve it ?
ok so now that we have witches or spellcasters or whatever and vamps i ca n't wait for werewolf 's and complete the trinity and have a witch vampire and wolf live together it will be awesome and we got witches a while after vamps and even mermaids so when do you guys think we 'll get the wolf 's and what do you think they will look like
yes i love horde mode and all that but i really only love this game for the story .
i hated the game the first time i tried to play it years ago and it just sat on the shelf for about two years .
then one day i got bored and fired it back up on a snowing day and fell in love .
once i got used to the mechanics of the game i paid more attention to the story .
i would usually play the first play thru on the easiest mode just to relax and collect all the shit out there then bump up the difficulty after that .
i do n't want it to end but i hope that gears 6 is the end .
i need a finish to this story so i can close the book on this story .
i 'm at the fog wall my soul memory is 1,612,266 .
just like the title says please join us if you have n't already .
this is where you will find all of the most current new product leaks discussions on where to find products and even a marketplace to buy discontinued products !
we also have plenty of general chatrooms for everyone to hangout in .
shit is n't good and i just want to sleep forever
i have been looking very closely at everything regarding this possible arg and i have realized something about the way 5541ggnik001 speaks .
i feel like that 's not a coincidence considering the recent fnaf4 reference .
i 'm sure we will see more references in the coming days .
right before batman arkhamverse evening the odds '' he alfred and the wayne manor suddently got replaced by their comic counterparts .
comic batman only have access to his own gadgets/vehicle and not getting any of arkham batman 's own not even the battank .
he also got infected with joker 's blood just like his arkham counterpart .
can comic batman handle all the gotham 's most wanted cases including the season of infamy cases https i.imgur.com/r9u8d61.jpg and defeats the alliance https i.imgur.com/k4vzuxd.jpg within a single night ?
not sure if i 'm in the right subreddit or non please accept my apologies if i 'm not and if you can point me in the right direction that would be awesome .
the company i work for is moving we 're expanding the business and moving into a bigger location .
while we 're renovating the new location my boss asked me to come up with a budget for an it upgrade .
so here 's a list of a few things i need and help sourcing parts and advice with pricing .
tried going to canada computer to ask for advice and buddy literally told me to go to canadacomputers.com https canadacomputers.com and look up info there ... always forget how good customer service is there ... anyways
first thing we need is new pc to be used for graphic design .
i can probably come up with something myself but we 're not looking to break the bank so probably a i7 or rysen 7 prebuilt rig with 16 gbs ram should do .
not sure if prebuilt or custom would be less expensive .
if anybody has any recommendations for good brands please let me know
second thing is we need 3-4 small pc for our wear house workers .
something like a refurb i3 or i5 will do no need for a gaming gpu or anything just need to be able to surf the web and open up pdf files .
if anybody has any recommendations for good places to buy cheap refurbs tin canada specifically toronto hat would be great .
networking we now have about 9-10 pcs that need to be connected to the internet .
i need a good networking solution i can either get a network switch and pull 250 ft lines from our offices into various places in the warehouse .
or i can pull a repeater halfway into the warehouse and give everything wifi adapters .
2nd option is not ideal but more like a last extremely cheap last resort .
i have n't touched this stuff in years so any recommendations would be great .
currently we have a shared 2 tb hard drive in a pc that some systems can access on the network .
we need something a little more redundant and a lot easier to access then that .
i 'm not sure if i should get an old pc which we have and turn that into a storage server by adding an extra hdd and a raid card as a redundant backup .
ideally we should be able to create a cloud '' at the same time so we can access the info and data remotely .
lot of stuff to do lots of wires to pull before we move into the new location .
when i go to install gba4ios 2.1 it gives the message saying public.boxcloud.com would like to install ... but when i push install nothing happens nothing appears on the home screen .
diabetes is a real public health problem and a global economic burden that affects every country .
although its management is codified most people with diabetes are unable to keep follow-up appointments .
thus compliance with self-care a concordance between therapeutic prescription and patient compliance is therefore not limited to strict drug treatment .
the purpose of this study was to identify the factors that explain compliance to self-care in patients with type ii diabetes in order to reduce the incidence of complications related to this century 's pandemic .
the survey was carried out at the general reference hospital of bandundu-ville in the urban-rural health zone of bandundu-ville kwilu province drc .
this cross-sectional study conducted from march to april 2018 involved type ii diabetics .
the sample size was determined based on the fischer formula .
the semi-structured interview was used with closed and/or open-ended questions designed on a likert-type scale with seven choices of answers in the design of the items .
the findings show that the age varies between 46 and 76 years with an average age of 50 ±13.7 years .
however 71.0 of respondents were married 49.3 had a secondary education while 61.6 were in the private sector .
the probability of compliance to self-care in self-care diabetic patients influences the perception of threats caused by the onset of the disease p 0.000 χ2 20.1 α 0.05 .
in conclusion the main determinants of compliance to self-care by diabetics to meet the time required by caregivers to take diabetes mellitus medications are in the following order of importance namely the perception of threats caused by the onset of the disease and expected outcomes .
on the other hand the sense of personal effectiveness is not significantly related to the compliance to self-care .
im allready playing on xbox but when are the servers online ?
ca n't wait to play some online matches and ofcourse my club
it 's been quite obvious how poor all of the opening batsmen this series have been for runs bar burns but thought i 'd take a quick statistical look at arguably the most important job of the openers seeing off the new ball .
here are the stats for batsmen who have opened this series and only innings in which they opened
joe denly doing well in quite a limited sample so far burns well ahead of the rest and bancroft whilst not scoring many runs still facing almost twice as many balls as harris and warner .
for full reference here 's the stats for all of the batsmen this series
jehovah 's witnesses are not prohibited to go to university .
just because it is only described as something negative and dangerous does not make it a rule .
why jehovah 's witnesses do n't celebrate birthdays then ?
just because it was only described as something negative and dangerous in the bible does not make it a rule does it ?
what are the other options that are cheap and quick to prepare for a vegetarian ?
the dooars http rasoitours.com/dooars.php ? place=dooars 20tour 20package 20from 20kolkata or duars are the floodplains and foothills of the eastern himalayas in north-east india around bhutan .
duar means 'door ' in assamese bengali nepali maithili bhojpuri magahi and telugu languages and the region forms the gateway to bhutan from india .
i have a player that has come through on youth intake day in england with 12 injury proneness and fickle but has 184 potential .
if i try to develop him the best i can what are the chances he will flop furthermore should i sell him when he gets a good value behind him ?
i came across rahul khona and love his style i am not a pro photographer but would like to try out for some of my personal images i 'd also like an insight of what 's been done to the image and how it can be achieved .
can we talk about the issues with smash ultimate ?
tldr the online is so bad that i 'm losing interest in the game
firstly let 's get the good out of the way .
a decent single player campaign and some decent single player modes .
it does n't make any sense why it 's so bad .
gsp is literally the worst mmr i can think of .
the worst of any game i 've played in the last 5 years .
the online connection is an issue with fighting games as a whole really .
if the player to player matches were a little laggy and delayed i 'd take the l in favour of just the genre .
win 6 games and go up like 40k points .
you lose 2 games and you 're out of elite smash and go down like 60k points .
outside of the online part of smash the singleplayer leaves a lot to be desired .
once i 'm tilted or annoyed with the state of the matchmaking i want to stop playing online but i still wan na play smash .
i 've beaten classic mob smash home run and all the challenges with all the characters .
so after those modes i 'll go back online and play a match i guess oh what 's that ?
could not connect to the console s gee thanks nintendo
the online in smash ultimate is so bad it weighs the entire game down .
it 's close to insufferable and i feel like a fucking loser that i 've spent so much time playing the game just to get tilted over it .
playing smash locally going to local tournaments making friends and good memories is amazing !
i just wish there was a way to capture that online .
what if i come across somebody online and we play like 4 or 5 games in a row or even more .
so you go to send that player a friend request cause y'know you wan na play more against them .
oh wait you ca n't invite people to private matches from within smash ultimate itself .
i should n't have to be seeking matches through discord just to play against people within my skill level .
i should have the functionality ready and available on the game itself .
its making me not want to play the game anymore .
i ca n't take smash seriously with the state the online is in because playing the game offline and alone is just so boring honestly .
it would fit nicely in the russian tree after the object 906
i dont live a legal state and my normally reliable plug has sold me mids the last two times i picked up .
other then finding a new plug what do you guys do when you get sold mids ?
i 've started to learn how to draw a while back and am now transitioning to digital .
i 've found this https sketchbook.com program and while it works great it currently does not work on a lot of windows systems .
it 's very likely that quentin 's face is getting a remodel this coming stranger things chapter but as someone who mains him his perks really need a rebrand especially since the exhaustion nerf .
old when all generators are powered the exit gates are revealed to you within 128 meters .
while opening an exit gate your aura is revealed to other survivors within 128 meters .
while the perk sounds decent think for a bit .
how much of the game is spent opening gates ?
probably 1 to 5 percent and it does n't even do the job that well .
this makes it a fairly bad perk for this reason .
the feeling of progress motivates you and allows you to overcome certain hardships .
when a generator is completed by anyone gain a 5 speed boost for 25 seconds .
when all generators are completed you can see the aura of the gates from any distance and open it 20/25/30 percent faster .
i wanted to give this perk more of a benefit throughout the whole game not just the end game whilst still filling it 's original purpose .
searching through chests are 40/60/80 faster and the noise caused by them is decreased by 8 meters .
guarantees an emergency medkit after your first chest completed search .
this is the best of his perks right now people like it just because they have a policy to not use self care although i 'd argue that it 's worse then self care .
the medkit has only one use when you 're healing yourself whilst self care can be used much more and benefit in more situations .
plus you ca n't guarantee that you 'll get a chest for yourself .
searching through chests are 40/60/80 faster and the noise caused by them is decreased by 8 meters .
guarantees an emergency medkit after your first chest completed search the medkit will have 2 at most uncommon add-ons and 20 more efficiency then normal med-kits .
this is mea n't to get a fairly powerful medkit not a normal crappy one making this perk a notable alternative to self care .
you and your allies within 8 meters of range recover from exhaustion hemorrhage mangled hindered and status effects 10/15/20 faster .
once out of range this effect persists for 15 seconds .
the only time that most of these inflictions are temporary are when you 're going against killers with certain add-ons which usually are n't even that used anyway .
the only reason i could see running this is with exhaustion perks but you ca n't recover exhaustion that much during a chase and why would recovering faster when out of a chase be considered worth a perk slot ?
start the match with 5 tokens when you gain an infliction from the killer 's perks or add-ons the infliction is removed and a token is removed .
when inflicted with the exposed status effect each time you are hit by a basic attack the attack counts as a basic attack and one token is removed but the status effect is not removed .
vigil is supposed to offer a bit of counterplay but like what i said had very narrow use cases making it effect killer perks hopefully will make it fill it 's purpose .
i decided to make it work like distortion to give make it a counter against perks like sloppy butcher third seal noed and myc .
this perk does n't effect base killer powers so nothing like tier 3 myers plague or ghostface .
i have thought about this a lot and someone else on a post commented about it and thought i would start some discussion here .
why does n't the government attempt to pull back student loans from defaulting institutions .
after all if the student could n't get a job then the product was faulty right ?
why should be allow schools providing useless liberal degrees for huge money to keep that money and funnel it to more liberal indoctrination ?
maybe they will think twice about allowing student loans for gender studies and art history .
i would love to try to get traction on this .
cross post from the\_donald apparently they do n't like discussion and want me to askthe\_donald instead which had 87 online instead of 8700 ...
just asking to get several views on different works and maybe casually make note of good monologues for future acting or auditions but in your opinion what are shakespeare 's most moving and important monologues ?
dramatic comedic male female and other conditions do n't really matter i 'm just curious about what stands out to you ?
they would be fine if crouching counted as proning like why not ?
or just make them into crouching challenges so you are n't limited to bring immobile and sniped right when you stop moving ...
i am always stuck on those challenges because i am very aggressive and always get sniped as i am getting setup
honestly if epic just added syphon back or at least faster farming and they also added a fov slider .
trust me that 's all they got to do .
i understand the shield per kill makes it harder for casuals as good players will keep being shielded .
about 5 years ago i met a guy who became my best friend .
he 's from scotland and i 'm from the us .
our friendship was something i treasured but i treasured it secretly because i was afraid my family and friends would think it was weird that a young girl was best friends with a guy 13 years older than her who lived an ocean away .
he really did see me like his little sister .
he cared for me deeply and tended to my emotional trauma when i could n't tell anyone else .
sure he did n't know my hometown or my favorite flavor of ice cream .
then one day after 2.5 years of friendship he sent me a message on instagram .
conversation had been sparse which was so strange because we talked every day just about even with the time difference .
i would wake up to an email or message daily .
this particular day he was responding to a plethora of frantic messages from me over a few weeks ' time you 're not dead are you ?
i need you. this was because i saw a post shared in an fb group we were both part of saying that he was missing .
time is not on my side right now but i 'm alive bubbles. my old reddit name was this one but plural .
even after we became close he sometimes would call me that as a pet name
i have looked and looked and cried and looked some more .
he 's my best friend and for three years i 've been grieving but also hoping he 's alive .
if he 's dead no one knew to tell me .
it 's so hard to have someone you care about so much so far away .
i say 'perhaps ' because it really depends on how long you pause on those commas i put in the sentence .
if you 're an individual with great respect for commas you might give the algorithm a chance to throw in a few hundred more orders .
that means computers owned or leased by a firm somewhere can 1 suck in data from a stock exchange 2 process it through a coded step-by-step rule system algorithm to make a decision about whether to trade or not 3 send a message back to the exchange with an order for shares of ownership in a company – for example a company that makes children 's toys – 4 get the order executed and confirmed and 5 repeat this maybe 250 times a second .
well it could be more or less than that too and to be honest few people seem to actually know how fast these algorithmic engines trade .
but even if it 's only trading 50 times a second or even a mere 10 times a second it 's still ... ..
recommendations for rathegod http boardgamegeek.com/collection/user/rathegod ? rated=1 subtype=boardgame ff=1 as requested http reddit.com/comments/ez8k4r3/_/ez9f0gc by u/cool_beans7652 query u/boardgamerecommender rathegod ''
generating recommendations based on a pool size of 1101 with a commonality factor of 85 at level 4 higher is better .
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender rathegod new quot in a comment .
agricola all creatures big and small 2012 http boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/119890 8.0
roll through the ages the bronze age 2008 http boardgamegeek.com/boardgame/37380 7.4
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender rathegod old quot in a comment .
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender rathegod underrated quot in a comment .
you can request a longer version of this list by posting the text quot u/boardgamerecommender rathegod overrated quot in a comment .
your boardgaming soulmate is stanmanly http boardgamegeek.com/collection/user/stanmanly ? rated=1 amp subtype=boardgame amp ff=1 based on a shared taste in 18 games .
for more information about how this bot works and optional commands see this post https www.reddit.com/r/boardgamerecommender/comments/41owd0/the_new_home_of_uboardgamerecommender .
these recommendations are courtesy of u/simiansays who wrote the board game recommender .
i 've been looking at what laptop/2-in-1 to get for a while now .
just wanted some help in deciding which way to go .
hp spectre is a bit out of my price range and i 've considered the surface pro/laptop and huawei mate as well as the lenovo yoga 720 or higher .
i 've read and watched positive reviews on the x360 especially with the ryzen 7 .
i 'm a vegetarian and on my way to becoming vegan .
i 'm trying usda organic protein but it 's not my favorite .
so i 've been writing a story focused on kobolds and recently started to wonder about how kobolds talk and refer to things given their primitive culture .
i 've already created some conversation rules for my story but would love to hear what the thoughts of my fellow r/koboldlegion users are on the subject .
gim me some sample sentences i 'd love to see your version of kobolds speaking to eachother .
you have to stop rooting around the sewers with a metal detector .
your constant chatting with the alligators and rats are startling because they keep coming up from the drain .
i have dropped no less than five toothbrushes in the toilet .
also stop offering candy corn to people from the sewer grate .
i basically want to have microg on my phone but that requires signature spoofing to replace google services properly .
alternatively if you have link to a lineageos build for sm-g9650 or any other privacy or security focused rom signature spoofing important unless it already has microg that would be really great as well .
it would also be great if said rom would allow me to map bixby button to something i just dont want a useless button .
i read that it 's unlikely that cuomo will get his wishes to move the primary up to february .
nevertheless should the campaign start to have a contingency plan for that ?
it could be advantageous if new york became an early state for a number of reasons
andrew 's got upstate ny roots and lives in the hudson valley and nyc now .
most of western new york is heavily trump country and has similarly been decimated by automation like the rest of the rust belt and midwest .
there are tons of people struggling to get by in nyc as the cost of living increases each year .
his campaign headquarters is in nyc and hopefully that 'll allow them to develop a ground game quickly .
the thing is i 'm on rank 5 right now and i think i have only 1 week left to gain 25 ranks .
is it possible to achieve that if i complete every possible challenge and grind zealot derelicts until i 'm unconcious ?
is separateness an extant quality of things as they are or just a heuristic/mode of representation that enables us to 'get on ' with things by breaking them down simplifying abstracting from them .
do we 'make ' distinctions or find them there in the world .
ive had this yupoo in my tabs taking space for a while but whenever i wanted to buy something i remember i dont have any w2c info .
i was never able to find any could any of the rep fam be any assistance ?
i sent nutcracker an email a few weeks back .
she was starting to text dh over and over asking about visits .
she did this about 2 years ago and i had sent her an email letting her know our schedule and telling her how we are extremely busy and do n't have time for all her visits '' .
basically i told detailed to her how busy we are and that we do n't have time for her visits and we will let her know when we want a visit .
she just replied thank you that was helpful '' .
but has already continued to text dh asking to see him .
saying she will come walk the dog with him .
or wanting to eat with him because in the email i told her if he wants to see her on his own-that is cool but me and the kids are busy .
now since i sent this email i have told dh me and the kids are officially off the table to mil .
i had it out with him and told him the kids are old enough to say whether they want to see her or not and they do n't want to .
dh got mad but so far he has dropped it .
i imagine he will bring it up again but i will still reiterate that he has to ask the kids if they want to do it and go with whatever they say at this point .
i am finally putting my foot down on this once and for all .
does she realize how pathetic she looks when she texts him begging for visits ?
like she will drive 30 minutes round trip to see him for a 10 minute walk around the neighborhood ?
she brought up volunteering at ds1 's school and dh told her i already did all the mandatory volunteer hours .
she only wanted to help last year because she thought she could spend time with dh while doing them .
i told her that was not how it works and sure enough they had dh lifting desks and sent mil to the library to dust .
she did not see him at all the entire time .
i do n't know i am just really over it and i do n't think we are going to be meeting her again as a family .
but me and the kids are so over it .
does anyone have recommendations for good cannolis outside of north end ?
craving but do n't go to north end very often .
why is ms marvel on the banner for the event but is n't one of the characters that give points ?
i possess all war my blade has tasted all blood wings of death i soar
your humanity your free gift my simple wish charmed by jealousy
my fist is shrouded between the dark and the light will you dance with me ?
headbutt pulverize your ears will still ring in death for whom the bell tolls
i need your friendship like the desert needs the rain will you be my friend ?
my ice never thaws eternal rebirth through time i have seen it all
my fingers hold flames they gave me all and took all it was not my fault
cold war in cold lands they ask me to fix cracked ice peace through unity
my kingdom was lost destroyed by the shifting sands we will rise again
served awks by ex-king shouts the order is given ! lunch at sfc
time is a story and your time is history take care of these tales
father i am more i will care i will not hate my fists are for love
power is greed it burned me once and they are next wrongdoers beware
feel winter 's bite or i will warm your heart of ice make your choice my friend
town of mysteries the truth is searching solving in my town my law
do n't call me grandma '' trim the fat oil the machine refined and matured
burning sun of life consume light and all in sight outgrow displace purge
hand of the mighty spares none from the guillotine just cause my brother
the dark forsaken make use of throwaway light we owe them nothing
blood is my champagne celebrate with me brother to this league of me
mundo go this way mundo goes where he pleases mundo smash sissy
the death of a friend four seconds is not enough to save them in time
step into my web said the spider to the fly join your friends inside
make sweet love to me never better in your life take your last embrace
love for adventure searching arcane and mystic always worth a shot
i know things like you belong in a museum true display of skill
drained by fear and dread body slain beneath the storm do n't crow about it
patricidal farce burdened by a father 's love duelling blades of heart
trickster of the sea meek to the eye but big friends lurk beneath the waves
waked war slept in peace standing proud through the ages he misses his friends
parley with barrels in the tongue of gunpowder for the price of life
ode to citrus fruit i eat you and make it k my friend the orange
hand of the righteous spares none for truth and justice we define honour
do n't make me angry you would n't like me angry so cute but deadly
happy hour all day drunken mess on drunken quest do n't get in my way
honour among thieves a rare treasure once squandered like new destiny
a relic of war his king once great now ruined his home enshadowed
i must know it all as the universe expands my mind shall follow
my faith my ally what has your god done lately ?
eclipsed by tyrants unbroken blades defying balance in a dance
the forest can think change your mind from bad to good it will grow on you
floating on the wind the monsoon takes and gives life wash away the filth
a king 's epitaph the crown of honoured nobles it is his to bear
the void ate his home his skills saved him to be last a real weapon
hammer to the skies protect my home as you do there 's no need to cheer
works of true beauty act and art quaternary music scores in blood
bombs and bullets spray basking in the mayhem glow dancing in the rain
hell hath no fury countless souls cry for vengeance for we are legion
reincarnation a tool for boundless wisdom my mind weighs the world
life is so fleeting you can be dead forever hush now i 'll show you
i am feed to win i press requiem to win gg no zhonya 's
lost my family to darkness and memory i returned corrupt
my father lost me fought back the void but forgot his face and my own
caught shy only twice forbidden love failed my sire i endure my shame
holier than thou my justice comes on swift wings an eye for an eye
servants of the dark one swings while the other cuts only one can stay
fools in disbelief from the smallest spark a storm the eyes never lie
change adapt evolve survival of the fittest the void knows this well
life lain in soft hands staring down the jaws of death they shall choose the end
spit and melt and feast many things to try and eat hunger never sleep
beguiling beauty haunting scenes of war death marked by the black rose
my body is peace in need it will defend me i need nothing else
little do they know i have seen more than their clothes beneath my blindfold
a new beginning a gift few worthy receive when the dawn breaks the day
i know chilling truths i am true ice i am death you do n't know the cold
fade into darkness the light of my life stolen vengeance purifies
they 're all so boring the world is my oyster swirl and it tastes purple
poof you 're a harmless critter ca n't kill hugify !
spam my laugh to death my final spark is just so ... illuminating
does nothing kills you unstoppable by the way you 're an idiot
the light chooses some darkness chooses unity all embrace the void !
the waters of life wash over and cleanse the rot the last acorn saved
i am the only one i fight to not be the last masters need students
i was in alpha cut their lives into pieces this my last resort
fame fortune vengeance by my tap even kings fall i take what is mine
shock awe pay attention my eyes are up here !
i do not know death those that do are cursed to be children of the grave
can not count the faults infestations have less bugs naerlyn save me !
the dull justice is served with power i 'll teach them one day
ebb flow forced me to choose the fate of my kin i am their blessing
god amongst guards failed homeless til advent heralds return of the king
the bearded dame knows heathens burdened with life drown dragged titanic deep
friendly curious let me feel you on my skin dangerous blossom
the young and timid should know it 's mating season cougar on the prowl ˶˘ ³˘ ˵ ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°˵ ♡
breathing thick with terror churning in chaos birthed forth your living nightmare
youth breaks prejudice care for beasts and they care back monstrously fine friends
a warrior 's end pave the way with death in search leave nothing behind
father 's creation born in flesh forged in clockwork father 's invention
last word on fighting beside the roaring fire crafting peace at heart
raised poised for bloodshed worthy of skyward grandeur chosen god of war
indomitable alike the hero in search the hammer 's chosen
evil amongst men lurking in the deep dark depths a long list drowning
queen of elements in line a stand-out so proud i will rule them all
past enemy lines valour makes for company in place of mourned kin
to trouble charms sway any heart or cause mine belong to her
do not look above true terror comes from beneath dark sands devour you
the thrill of the hunt despite an eye on revenge no greater beauty
fuck my team so shit never help and never gank time to afk
scrappy fiery trash or treasure eyes behold what these hands have built
yo wassup tristy my heart burns for you baby come check out my junk
begrudging duty no other knows the world 's fate save the runes save all
got ta stick these runes waaaay up inside your butthole it 's the only way
ascetic by force mother myself through winter wrath bristled with strength
trick to a punchline make your audience vanish the joke is on you
impart dark and light allied neither watch them both pacify conflict
i am of two worlds yet i belong to neither a king 's life for home
on wings of fury a fiery heart in hearth for a king and home
master of potions the most insane cocktails your flesh serves to test
i need more corpses my face roars the king is dead ! you can not stop me
loyal to the coin any task for the right price go where blood takes me
crystalline beings slumber and await our time sharp body and mind
music is my voice melodies for maladies swan song to the bad
love and salvation when you wish upon a star i 'll be there for you
fear you can not see vision under my command flock in a murder
punished as a child grown into the truth from lies unshackle your mind
an enthused student a teacher 's restraint bound me now i will teach them
fine tastes of glutton call me king call me demon the river take you
tutored by the wind builder and breaker of walls hardened will of stone
raised on a blade 's edge claimed by prestige from villains answer to our blade
dismissed and disgraced redeemed by light of targon love is crystal clear
blind immoral fools underestimate the code i will scout ahead
lost souls in darkness come into my light for sweet agony delight
following footsteps great warriors of legend gunner in the ranks
be it brain or brawn beware my icy humour submit cold and true
all but loss enraged family you call them home refound in ashes
bad business with friends lady luck was on my side she stole and shuffled
a slice of fouled cheese between two skewered bodies fine moldy sandwich
once a fool enslaved flesh removed machine improved now i wield the chains
fate cut our lives short some creature offered to host our eternal love
it 's not gay with three an arrow in the middle makes for some leeway
blood claimed by demons death repaid in full is bliss demons claimed by blood
seductive knowledge it is power i must own mastermind evil
no time to explain questions answer to a fist bad cop from the streets
to take what i want i dance amongst the nobles a bloody affair
the rage of war bears the thunder on the mountain the tempest of claws
i was something else a man perhaps but not now i hunger for blood
a tricky student master chose me above all the best of the best
magic of my kins ' life you have no right to deny trouble comes with me
enslaved by just kings i ascend beyond their rule gods shall worship me
once fodder for death now the mouth that feeds the spear cause unbreakable
solitary truth one man beside a whisper always by my side
this team is useless no way to carry this trash i deserve penta !
their hour has long passed if they could see what i see they would long for death
alike all book tales a master aside her pet they miss each other
born of foul refuse refugees of misfortune call him their watchman
twilight of balance taught to denigrate shadows instead we embrace
blooms of fire and smoke hard to contain joyful spark ready to explode
time saw my home through the beginning and the end time of mine to change
the world is changing trouble bubbles and goes pop !
come be with me little seed feel the thorns embrace
i am very excited to share this with everyone .
i had been working very hard buying and trading with everyone on here to obtain lots of items .
and now i have tons of items just sitting in storage and i want to give back !
i do have some multiples but not many so even if you see someone has claimed that item still ask because i may have another .
add me before commenting this gets so messy and youve already added me it just makes things so much smoother .
i will either let you come over or travel to you in fact id rather do a mix of both .
status back online and trying to get everyone 's requests filled d
hey guys i helped my brother build a computer about 4 years ago and he 's looking to upgrade the graphics card/ram and was hoping you guys could give us some advice .
if he has a budget of around 300 what 's the best bang for his buck ?
saw someone say that patriot wof has the best color scheme out there which made me want to see which rides other people think have the best color scheme .
hmmm a camera a trap and he just happens to be there to save the wolf ...
depends where you are and the legality of it there .
here in canada it is legal so i can smoke on stream as an 18 .
that said if it 's illegal where you are it 's an illegal substance and then you could be banned .
we play for the nostalgia but it really can be replicated
all the other kids with their pumped up kicks better run better run outrun my bullet
i also caught the welcome vs welcome home part while i was watching and then completely forgot about it .
why would you not register your business with the kvk ?
what exactly do you find to be off about this hate community ?
re-read that sentence of yours and really think about the picture you 're painting .
do you really need to have it explained why someone would find any hate community '' to be off '' ?
it isnt meant to be an addition that is treated like the others .
what you described is exactly why the center is my favorite map .
but exinction does not pretend to be about dinos .
and in the story humans were driven to excinction and you are tasked with defeating what eradicated them .
at a young age it can halt and stun your growth if taken daily .
although i‘m not sure i‘ve just thought i saw it in alot of people .
i do n't care model as long as not too noisy .
i hope it can be near fedex ups storage unit .
do you have medical clearance from your ob gyn first of all to work out again ?
if i remember correctly from my recent pregnancy they really dont suggest heavy work out til at least eight weeks post pregnancy and after that its light easing into it working out .
this is especially true if you had a c section if your ob said carry on as normal '' if everything went well she did not mean start gym work outs .
and i know most gyms will not accept babies til they are six months of age .
as many are saying here you dont need a gym to get some work out in .
do some of it at home or on walks .
find a mommy and me yoga or walking program .
that way you dont have to leave you lo alone but you can still get yourself back into shape .
the only real hope of the vonc getting us an election before end-of-october is if the snp decide that now is a wonderful time for a ge because of how badly other parties are polling in scotland .
given that scotland collectively voted against leaving i suspect they will not do anything that short-sighted .
i get aaron jones mike evans or juju he gets robert woods and james conner
edit forgot to mention my rb 's on the bench i got guice singletary and justin jackson with my wr 's being robbie anderson corey davis and tyrell williams
i5-7600 4ghz gigabyte gtx 1060 6gb 2x8gb 2400mhz very high at 50-60 fps with temporal injection disabled .
cloaks i never understood my they went away there actually quite useful
many banks charge fees for cashing checks without an account .
if your employer uses one you have to pay a fee to cash or open an account .
he burnt the range rover in the back near the end fam i did n't even clock that ...
yeah i ca n't believe how good my nephew gets so fast but he has the time to sit and play to be fair and he 's obsessed with games which helps .
he has no interest in football at all though so fifa is off the menu .
i 'm confused by the line the security audit tool does not validate whether or not you are affected by these vulnerabilities .
are you not able to see the version of the software the website is using for php or apache or whatever else ?
if so would n't you be able to be sure that they were vulnerable if that version of the software was vulnerable to the specific cve ?
who knew gtfo you are n't welcome if you do n't love my ideas was n't a great business model ... ?
perhaps you 're confusing whole life with non-renewable term life ?
if it was n't a scam https www.google.com/search ? client=ubuntu channel=fs q=insurance+is+a+scam ie=utf-8 oe=utf-8 the insurance industry could n't make a living .
i wonder if she 's is enough to change it yet
same as anywhere adequate hotels high rating dinosaurs restaurant/clothes shop/arcade holy trinity .
i penned up a maximum social of stegosaurs at the top of the park and threw in 3 deinonychus with them threw in the buildings and a hotel monorailed down the left side facing into the park away from the entrance and penned the wandering spinosaur down there .
then i built a low population mixed armored herbivores pen forget what was in it tbh and then one more pen with some sauropods and metriacanthosaurus i think .
filled in hotels and buildings as needed i think i had at least 5 hotels .
i had more than a third of the park left undeveloped at 5 stars and only expanded to do the challenges .
i might 've added another spinosaur at some point .
better gear usually means better damage my dude ... of raid clear and whether i 've raided before with him is my monkey detector .
i feel i 've raided with most ppl who have been around for a while by now .
again i 'm just saying it could go either way depending how the case may progress .
lots of visuals and effects cost money to make transport and have crew to set up every night .
also in the age of streaming it 's pretty much the only way for bands to make any money .
13 years off with only a handful of tours is n't exactly putting money in the bank .
i know that they are still making money off their previous work but for the last few years the income could n't have been all that profitable .
yeah man like weirdly i love counter strike which is obviously one of the biggest e-sports titles and lets say not pretty but in the sim racing world for some reason i 'm a graphics man !
i am fairly certain a move from the de facto two party system would be a good thing for the us and the uk .
i 've always written to devs when the game i 'm playing is less accessible due to my hearing loss and no access to closed captions .
i 'm also left-handed so options for a lefty control preset is always helpful .
while i can see this being a reason i do n't think it 's too much to say that he 's primarily doing this because he 's a giant man baby that ca n't ever admit that he fucked up .
there were n't any real scandals to cover up when he was bragging about his inaugural crowd but he bragged about it anyway .
oh i did n't know that voltage can kill it i can only reach 1.31v for all core 4.3 .
but considering higher voltage will degrade the chip faster i may just use pbo only
not sure if this is serious or a joke because i do n't know how that would go over i assumed it would be negative especially in a blue collar area .
i went to church for a large portion of my youth and have n't experienced anything that this person mentions .
you just go there on sunday to hear the word and that 's it .
it sounds like you 've ran into a lot of corrupt churches .
still on the fence about not just wishing steven to have fun dying .
performance in the stock market does n't seem to correlate with skill .
here 's a paper by peko holsoi from mit about the subject https dspace.mit.edu/handle/1721.1/119466
and here 's a freakonomics episode where dubner interviewed her about this very subject .
her interview starts almost halfway down the page http freakonomics.com/podcast/sports-gambling
that 's the noise also this means the alternator is not making electricity for the engine .
i am going to further say the battery is most likely weak .
great little pub and i wish i could remember the name of the woman who ran the place at the time .
lovely older lady from a long line of publicans .
i spotted a dozen or so of the business clients in my small city alone .
i 've got some nano ready in my wallet ready in preparation for november 2019 fingers crossed the trial run will go smoothly .
slowly but surely nano is getting where it needs to be to become a superb currency .
bianchi 's accident was during a race under yellow flag conditions this was during practice under red flag conditions .
i think there is significantly less risk to the drivers and crews in this situation .
bianchi 's accident as well as an accident by juan montoya in nascar with a jet dryer both had a similar cause a car coming out of the pits needed to catch the rest of the field under yellow flag and since they were not yet behind the safety car/pace car they were allowed by rules to push it in close proximity to track crews and equipment .
so they were both incentivized and allowed to push hard .
the drivers wo n't gain anything by pushing and they 'd be in violation of the rules if they did .
however during a race crews also have an incentive to clear an accident as quick as possible so that the race can proceed .
they do n't really have that incentive during fp so while i do n't think there was as much risk to drivers and crews but there 's still more risk than waiting until the cars have cleared the track or atleast are past the accident and have to come to pit road .
if they have no reason to rush to get the session going again is an even small amount of risk worth it ?
i 'm not certain but i do n't think comparing this to the circumstances that lead to bianchi 's wreck is fair .
i think op needs to file a police report now in order to establish a paper trail .
11,000 for 5 seconds is the high price per second i got paid
even with context it 's pretty easy to see how this could be a slip up since he has literally done it before multiple times with callen and others .
... he was still two years old in 1930 .
because this does n't look like real tony 's qc
do n't forget everyone mahomes will regress into oblivion because every national media personality says he has too .
i wonder how fast you go with hope and fixated
i did n't start posting until december but it has been a loooong time .
as the article states it was primarily selected because it 's easier to defend from the americans than the alternatives .
and it 's not half way between toronto and montreal .
again as stated in the article it 's half way between toronto and quebec as well as half way between kingston and montreal .
kingston was briefly the capital of canada and was therefore more significant at the time .
i think i 've got some carrots ready to pull i 'll try and dehydrate and report back !
guys my computer just broke and i 'm not going to be able to play classic for the foreseeable future .
no one knows me and it 's not going to be a loss to the community but it 's a most devastating tragedy to me and i do n't know how i 'm going to move on .
but for the next few months i 'll be here cheering y'all on as you move valiantly on to level 60 and the adventures beyond .
i shall drive by buff you all in spirit .
after quite a few problems for my business math class i am left with one final question due by midnight .
i am trying to use the formulas i used for the others but they just are n't working .
i 'm hoping one of you can help me understand and solve this .
grandma decides to put 1500 dollars every month into an account for you .
she makes 24 monthly deposits the last coming september 1 2003 the day you start college .
she wants you to be able to withdraw money from this account at the beginning of each month with the first withdrawal coming september 1 2003 and the last coming june 1 2008 when you 'll graduate .
how much will you be able to withdraw each month if the account is earning a nominal interest rate of 9.3 percent convertible monthly ?
i spend most of my time here but man i only look forward to meme fridays bc you guys are the worst on this sub sometimes .
complaining about great free to play cards restrictive eza 's no one being able to read the fucking news etc .
everyone posting sbr and infinite battles with stupid this is team is underrated look how high my lr gohan can go beat this sbr first try meanwhile you have like 4 lr units that are rainbowed .
i hate what this sub has become in the last few days .
they should be removed for low effort bc thats all it is .
this sub m e g a downvotes people for seemingly no reason .
i dont think cell jr is good 27 like holy shit people get blasted .
even new players asking questions get sunk harder than the fucking titanic
she was born in the us around 1900 but to parents who had very recently immigrated from poland .
i love it though it 's not my typical style i 'm a fan of mostly traditional/old/classic names .
this was on my short list for baby 1 who ended up being a boy named michael .
i 'm also generally conscious of sibling sets and i just do n't feel like michael and honorata go together .
of course at this point baby 2 is a ways off but i 'm hoping to find some middle ground .
'' a bird sitting on a tree is never afraid of the branch breaking because her trust is not on the branch but on its own wings .
so my sd and i keep talking about how we want to try to do something new and exciting !
ya know other than the normal drinks dinner concerts etc .
we only have one day because of our conflicting schedules so traveling is kind of out of the picture for this one .
but i 'd love your ideas for fun different things or any experiences you 've had as a couple before !
to be super specific we 're planning for two weeks out saturday the 28th .
i live in los angeles and he 's in san diego so preferably something in that area if you happen to know of any particular things happening !
please leave any snarky remarks out of this one 😉🙈
i have an fn p12 that i love everything about ... except the cantilevered rail .
does anyone know of any method to remove it ?
i know it 's probably soldered on there or something and it 's a lot more involving than just a few screws .
it 's a great bush gun for me and i really do n't want to let it go because i hate the sight picture with the rail .
sat down at friendly 's with my boyfriend today .
the moment we walked in a group of two and a separate group of two got seated down before us .
we got seated maybe 5 minutes after them by the hostess ?
a large group of 6 people maybe 4 tables behind me calls over the manager and i find out that they have n't even gotten their order taken and it 's been over an hour for them ? ? ?
apparently 3 servers all walked out and now they 're short staffed .
10 minutes later it 's been an hour that passes by for me and my boyfriend at this time and our order has n't come out yet .
i find out that my waiter walked out too .
10 minutes later the group of 6 walk out since their food has n't come out yet .
the restaurant manager comes out with my food drops it in front of us asks us if we need anything and before i could speak she walks away .
my food was made wrong but they got my boyfriend 's right .
the people that were seated before us the group of 2 are behind me and asked for their check and they 've been waiting for over 30 minutes .
the other group of two hand them the menu so that they know the price and just pay in cash and leave .
i decide to ask for our check too even though we just got our food since i was n't in the mood to wait for over 30 minutes for my check and ask the main manager to take my food off of it since i was n't going to eat it .
get my check in about 5 minutes we give it back to the main manager and then we leave no tip .
i mean our waiter walked out on us the restaurant manager just dropped off the food and left and the main manager apologized and took off the food off my bill .
i ended up tipping/cashapping the hostess though since i was n't sure if things would be shared between her and the servers who left .
she was running around apologizing trying to find tables for customers who kept pouring in and actually grabbed the manager whenever there was a problem .
i was actually able to leave quicker because of her and she worked extremely hard .
so would i be the buttface for not leaving a tip on the receipt and privately sending money to the waitress ?
edit thank you for your judgement i really appreciate it !
does anyone use the stock fan settings that come with nvidia cards ?
the default settings seem to allow the cards to run pretty hot until they use much rpm .
i just got a gtx 980 and decided for the 1st time in years to see what the stock settings would do and it wants to run 70-80c usually hanging out around 80 under heavy load .
for computers in general that 's hot i know gpus can run up to 90c or higher but wo n't the card 's lifespan suffer ?
i 'm not the type to upgrade frequently so lifespan is important to me i usually only buy new cards when my old 1 dies .
5 years ago i 'd set a custom fan curve '' which was just speed stepping .
up to 60c i 'd have it idle 60 would be 75 fanspeed 70 100 .
but sometimes it 'd keep going back and forth between speeds even with the delay i had setup and that 's probably bad for bearings ?
in the past few years i 've just set speed manually depending on the game older games 75 and newer 100 .
but my gtx 760 just died in a weird kinda way .
i usually blow my gaming pc out with an air compressor when temps start getting too high but recently my temps were fine and the 760 started artifacting and eventually died .
pulled it out to see 1 little spot on the heatsink was completely clogged with dust while the rest was fine .
i 'm thinking me using constant speeds all the time was thinking that would be easier on the bearings ?
so now i was thinking of using an actual curve either the default settings or custom ?
twinzer tactician and jager both are pcc 1k and 1ncvr
i started out today feeling like i was on top of the world and totally ready to do whatever was thrown at me .
and then i realized that i have n't actually taken care of horses since i was 11 in the way that she needed and i was failing on how i needed to act around them .
i was slow cleaning the stalls slow and wrongly leading the horses .
she 's a horse trainer she needs a confident person leading these horses .
i 'm good on everything care wise but i 'm open to tips .
can i please get help on getting me up to speed in setting boundaries with horses and must-have skills ?
she told me i was leading the horse wrong .
she said i need to be big and never let him walk in front of me and give him more of the rope .
i was taught to practically hold the horse by the bottom of the halter and hold him behind you .
i also learned that you can push on a horse and they 'll move .
hers do not move when you push on their flank you have to wave the rope in their face to get them to go anywhere .
was i taught wrong or are her horses different ?
i 'm okay with giving the horse more rope .
i am in desperate need of handy tips to better take care of these wonderful horses .
i have experience i just need a small refresher .
i 'm a teenager-on-a-budget and i was thinking of getting a pc for school work and some light gaming is this a good starting pc ?
i 'm gon na replace the gpu since its an intel hd 2500 .
so i 'm just starting trying to learn the basics .
i 'm trying to make my square move up down left right .
and it 's working maybe i 'm just stupid here but i do n't understand why the movex has rb.velocity.y and movey has rb.velocity.x
like the left and right horizontal '' is controlling up and down up and down verical '' is controlling left right ? ? ?
float movey input.getaxis horizontal '' a or left 1 d or right 1
i 'm considering having more than one hot spot in my apartment .
i was wondering if anyone has done it and what are the upsides and downsides of it besides having double coverage of the same area or if it effects the helium gained ?
so around here we mix tabacco with our weed or hash .
when i smoke a joint i can see how the base of the head and in the bottom something brown accumulates .
i guess this is the residue of all the shit the cigarettes have ...
but i really do n't know the word to define it .
problem is this will sometimes reach the very bottom of the joint and makes it taste like crap .
i can change the butt but the taste is still there .
recently i started using some charcoal filters '' where you can see it clearly .
the one on the left has this black spot in the middle and some dark dots around the perimeter .
the one on the right is an almost finished one and its clearly brighter .
i 'm not sure anymore if it 's the tobacco the filters or how i roll it .
but it sure kills the mood when it happens ... .
skrakk a hammerlock boss in ascension bluff just dropped the storm legendary sniper .
ok so out of topic question i did my g driving test today and this happens
so like red light he asked me to turn right
i stopped at the red light because i see a bike on my right .
and like the bike slowed down and stopped because his crossing timer is over .
so im like ok the bike is n't gon na go since his timer is almost finished '' so i rolled over .
and like the instructor said stop did you see a bike on your right you 're blocking his way this is dangerous '' and like 1 second 2 second after that the light turns green
if you do n't know what this is about you can visit this link https redd.it/bouk1c
kirito and eugeo have been rescued by the young girl cardinal who secludes herself inside the central cathedral 's great library room .
her true identity is that of an autonomous program which coordinates the preservation of order in the underworld a virtual world .
cardinal explains to kirito how the axiom church and the taboo index came to be starting with the administrator 's past .
kirito can barely hide his incredulity but cardinal has yet another revelation the grave danger now threatening the underworld .
anything after this episode is considered a spoiler and must be tagged appropriately .
failure to do so will result in moderator action .
they do n't even repond to gdpr removal requests which they are oblighed to do for eu citizens .
you are receiving this email because you have submitted a request for your pokémon go account to be deleted .
we are writing to inform you that we have been unable to process your request because in connection with pending litigation niantic currently has a legal obligation to retain certain information pertaining to some of its products and features which includes some u.s. player account information .
we recommend that you check back in periodically to know whether we can accept your deletion request in the future .
please know that we are unable to offer any further information regarding this topic at this time .
like when they were 5 did they aspire to be a phlebotomist or how does it work
what do you guys mostly use for video conferencing through a tv/screen ?
i was playing watcher and i had the following scenario
my deck was shuffled to prepare to draw from cut through fate .
my thinking is that melange triggering somehow interrupted the handling of cut through fate .
i 've read a few posts and responses on here of people who refuse to sell things locally from their house .
this seems like pretty wise advice to me if your goal is to avoid angry customers in person and you 're selling high ticket items .
from a practical standpoint though if you do a lot of quantity it 's just so convenient to do transactions on my front porch .
i 've been thinking a lot lately about this as we my family scale up our flipping that is if we should just always accept returns regardless of reason a 100 money back guarantee within 2 weeks just like ebayers typically have so that we can avoid dealing with upset customers .
i should mention most of what we sell is easy to resell again and it 's for small dollar values 50 or less for most things .
we sell in quantity typically and do n't sell larger ticket items so a return policy would be low risk .
do you offer a formal return policy for your local sales ?
if so are you upfront about it or do you show it after the fact if there is a problem ?
i 've been trying to learn lojban for a week or so now and vocabulary memorization is no problem for me .
i 've been reading through the crash course '' from here https mw.lojban.org/papri/the_crash_course a_draft .
what i 'm struggling with is creating sentences more complicated than mi djica pa ckafi '' or similar .
what would be incredibly helpful would be more 'try and translate this ' problems with solutions posted later that i could look at .
there are some in the crash course '' but not nearly enough .
the unofficial parser http lojban.github.io/ilmentufa/camxes.html works great for structure but does n't help me determine if what i mean to say is being said .
the big problem that i hit is that i believe that my sentences that i create are correct but i have no way to verify this .
does anyone have any resources that they used to help them past this point ?
i 'm interested in learning thai and i would love if someone guide me along as i learn .
i am from the philippines where english and filipino are our primary language .
i 'd be happy to also help you in your language journey .
so i know people are still upset about the mini map but how is the actual mp ?
i know that the 2v2 alpha was really good but how is all the base 6v6 game modes ?
due to the mental health concerns from before decided to jump off the ride yesterday and came ... ..so hard ... then less than 30 minutes later came again lol !
i 've definitely never produced loads like that before and frankly not sure i 've seen many like it in porn .
it actually almost hurt like i just did n't have the physical bandwidth for it all .
orgasms were incredibly intense as well which i did n't expect as they 're usually not too impressive for me after a multi-day streak .
my mood seems to have stabilized so i reckon it was screwing me up more than i realized or expected that it could .
so if you have bipolar and stumble on this keep in mind that this sort of activity may affect you in unpleasant ways .
my ultimate rule is to only do these sorts of things if it 's fun and feels good .
anyway i woke up pretty horny again today and also back in a zone where i do n't want to cum right away so i guess this is day 1 of ... ? ?
lol ... i probably wo n't be doing another personal record breaking attempt at least not now and not for a while but as always if anything interesting happens i 'll share !
i 've only ever written fairly straightforward one-plot-one-protagonist stories or alternatively fantasy-story-with-too-many-characters-branching-into-a-kudzu-mess but let 's not talk about that one but i had an idea involving two separate plotlines first being the protagonist trying to live his own life and his personal enemies trying to figure out who the bloody hell is this man anyway .
the stories only properly merge when the antagonists find out the real secret of his identity the protagonist finds out he 's been caught and it 's a wild manhunt from there on .
is there anything in particular i should watch out for/keep an eye on ?
i 've found that trying to structure things in the 8-point story arc gives me an understanding of a coherent plot can i just sketch out both of the storylines as their separate 8-point arcs and then jump back and forth between them pacing be damned ?
you wan na sell an item in the market .
there is a 5 cut for steam and a 10 cut for the developers of the game responsible for the item if it 's dota tf2 cs go ...
so the game devs can control their cut right ?
so where the hell are games with lower and higher fees ?
new online adult sex dating site free registration you only need an email bit.ly/2ot10sw https bit.ly/2ot10sw
feel free to suggest what we do next more worse the better
more specifically can someone infected with the walking pox be cured ?
say putting the patient into a room made of blackstone to cut him/her from nurgle 's influence before using actual medicine to cure the patient ?
i 'm mtf and almost 6 months in but it took me until iwas almost 22 years old to feel comfortable coming out .
these kids are comfortable enough in their own identities to not be afraid of them and they get to live the life i wish i had .
there 's always something call of cthulhu based around as well as ten candles ... but curious if r/horror has any interesting horror-centric role-playing games to share .
i am watching gorp zai puppy niko 33 stack atm on twitch and i just recognized that seeing pro players play together like this improves my twitch experience .
i wo n't praise the current mm but i really enjoy these party streams with pro players
i 'm starting a new antidepressant and this is the second night my dreams have been out of this world .
1 so the united states supreme court had slowly been evolving into apes so slowly that the public had n't noticed and once they did reach their new form it was just accepted that that was how they looked .
i was watching the news on tv about an attack from an unknown enemy who had released monkeys into the supreme court which started a crazed monkey-ape battle where mostly everyone got their head ripped off except a few people who were being interviewed with giant blood soaked neck bandages .
i was watching this all on tv on my couch and all i could think about was how no one ever addressed why they had become apes in the first place .
2 i was in the backyard of a childhood friends house i have n't been back here since i was 8 i was my current age staring at a large wooden structure which might have been a swing-set not really sure but i was heavily examining it .
a kid walks up with his phone out and explains he 's going to take a photo of me because he finds me physically interesting and wants to examine me for an experiment later .
i 'm suspicious because this kid is about 8 years old so i ask more about his experiment but he laughs maniacally and runs away .
i follow and he meets up with his friends who were hiding around a corner they see me and they run too .
as i chase them away i see where they were standing there 's a pile of dead white ducks with broken necks and i knew immediately these kids had murdered these ducks further justifying me scaring them away .
i think this was nod of being a mean big brother and bossing my little siblings and their friends around when they were up to no good ?
3 a famous movie director told me he wanted to make a movie using the music i made so i was excited to see it used in a film .
i show up for the premier edit which i just remembered takes place on a swamp and i 'm worried the movie will be bad but it 's really well done .
the only problem is that the music i made for it never plays in the entire film .
by the end of it i 'm really confused why he did n't use my music and never mentioned it to me but i ca n't talk to the director about it because once he found me he would n't stop talking .
he explains how happy he was that i could help with his film i confusedly nod .
he found me in an empty stairwell where i was having a smoke and i realize he 's shirtless and wonder why he 's shirtless at his own premier .
he endlessly explains his film to me then he asks me how i liked it and i try to find something positive to say and i kid you not i said it kinda felt like i was in a dream .
then he gave me a light pink baseball hat with my full name on it with glitter and i decide to head out .
i was slightly pissed off about everything but also happy to at least have been part of a movie .
anyone got tips on how i can work to getting hundreds of dollars a day so i can buy the required trader items to have a comfortable life ?
we 've been getting more and more comfortable with each other to the point where i 'm happy being silly around you .
we 're having one of our super long make-out sessions and you tell me that you 're ready to have sex .
i want to take it gently and i want to really feel you and look after you and make you feel incredible ...
i recorded this with my phone on the windowsill next to my bed so i could straddle my dildo on the bed so there are creaks and bed sounds and clothes noises but i kind of wanted that to be the case to get the whole scene in .
however i did n't factor in the unbalanced nature of that so the audio seems to go between left and right a fair bit and i 've tried to balance it as best i could but it 's not perfect .
also because of how far it was from my mouth there 's a kind of echo-ish sound to it .
sorry about the occasional car and plane noises from outside the window !
feedback is super helpful to hear so please please let me know if you think i suck/rock via comment pm or this shiny https www.reddit.com/r/u_acciocuddles/comments/cg0trt anonymous google form !
you can tell me i make your insides feel like sunshine and rainbows or like the murk at the bottom of a pond
hello guys i felt in love with the new mana flasks this league and i was trying to create a hierophant indigon build to abuse arcane surge effect and the huge aoe you get from ascendancy and on the tree if we wan na go more deep in it but i do n't know which skill could be nice to use with it .
it should n't be a clunky build either i like to clear maps quite fast .
i 'm having a rather boring day and found my way to nsfw side of reddit and eventually came here looking for some fun.. that 's where you come in ... .i have a pretty simple idea..i 'm looking for someone preferably around my age who has just as dirty of a mind as myself and enjoys talking about the nsfw things in life and is ok with just a nice a simple chat that leans towards the naughty side .
a chat where we talk about our kinks fetishes turn ons/off experiences and anything everything dirty and naughty .
so with that being said i 'm more interested in something long term but that does n't mean we have to chat everyday or every hour we both lives but it would be nice to have someone who is always up to chat whenever the time alllows .
i do n't expect pictures nor will i ask .
the only expectation i have is someone whom just enjoys a nice and simple naughty chat and to see where it takes us
i 'm just getting started up and i was curious as to where i would be able to buy ingots .
do all woks come with protective coatings that need to be removed ?
can you elaborate on the process or direct me to a coating free wok ?
i just finished listening to memories of ice on audiobook .
while i am currently enjoying the series i have found the plot somewhat difficult to follow at times and with this book especially have a number of questions
1 when exactly was it revealed that shadowthrone and cotillion were actually kellanved and dancer ?
i remember this being mentioned by the characters in deadhouse gate but i cant remember it being first brought up .
then in this book it seems as if this fact is just common knowledge .
2 what is the deal with raest 's sudden change in personality in this book ?
he seems to be way too chill in comparison to gotm especially considering that he is imprisoned in the azath against his will .
3 i still do n't really understand anything which happened with the realm created by silverfox at the end of the book ?
how were the two wolf gods related to it in any way ?
how did itkovian relieivng the t'lan imass of their suffering factor in ?
4 is it ever explained how the seer and the matron escaped from the rent in morn ?
or how quick ben seemed to know everything about their origins ?
5 what was the point of bauchelaine and korbal broach in this book ?
i understand that they are characters in a couple of the other stand alone novels but it seems that in this one they just showed up every now and then and did nothing to further the plot ?
moreso considering that its seems as if they end up being killed by the mott irregulars .
bonus question i understand that the narrator for the audiobooks changes from this point onwards and i have heard many mixed reviews for the replacement .
smartphone and tablet nowadays all have thin bezel on all four side .
why ca n't manufacturers do the same with laptop especially gaming laptop .
i mean there are a few exception like the asus zenbook 15 but thats also prove that the technology is there so why wo n't they do it ?
and just wanted to say that i hope my favourite community and everyone in it are having a good day today !
and if you 're having a bad day do n't let it bring down you down !
if you 'd like to share your day below .
edit wow i 've never received a silver award thank you stranger d p.s .
anutham hadapsar https gadagroup.co.in/projects/anutham-residential-2bhk-3bhk-flats-in-hadapsar-magarpatta will be the most lavish and wonderful property for those individuals who are searching for contributing or acquiring home for a family reason as it will be situated at a world-class premium area with the journey of all refined and tasteful administrations .
hi guys if you guys would like to add me via my friend code that would be great i really want the punkleton so if you light my torches i 'll light yours back too .
also do n't hesitate to join my tribe thank you my code:87746146ig
hi i recently started moderating a room on cb .
the host is very pleased with how i do this .
on 2 occasions they have performed a ticket show and on both occasions told me i have free access .
where do i find the 'free access link ' ?
on both occasions i ended up paying to view the show .
on a holiday i 'm going to be stopping in amsterdam for four days where shrooms are readily available or maybe even lsd .
i 've heard about the effects micro-dosing on cognitive performance creating positive habits and breaking negative habits such as procrastination .
i 'm wondering if it 's worth trying over just four days to see any effects and how much i should take per dose how many times per day etc.. for reference i 've done lsd a number of times but it 's been at least 3 years since i last took some and never micro-dosed .
waiting at the hill for sin'dall 2 alliance are there a ne warrior and a gnome rogue waiting for the tiger .
i had put my vw on aggro while we were waiting staring each other down .
the warlock emotes some trash talk to me and starts spamming rain of fire and aoe spells and the rogue flags for pvp so that i could n't do the same .
this goes for a few minutes and they dont pay attention while taunting me as my vw runs down the hill and tags the freshly spawned sin'dall .
i kill the tiger in front of their faces laugh and wave bye .
to those 3 i say eyes on the prize not on your pride .
i want tiddies and a cock on my female partner
but whatever i love her either way cock or no cock
i feel like i 'm finally ready to help other people with my current skills .
i think it will be hard in the beginning but i will learn a lot in the process .
have you got any projects that are 1 easy to understand to the point that i can append the code 2 open to new contributes without much experience 3 in the best case something that i really want to support .
you obviously ca n't know that but i generally like projects that help other people or could make a change in the world but i am also open to different stuff .
i know about the first time contributor tags but they are often also just for one time contributors '' who change to the next repo after pushing their code .
i would much rather dig into the codebase of a rather small project and try and solve issues from there .
i hope you have some ideas or things that i seem to get wrong so i can start soon .
looking for a single bevel vegetable knife in the budget category .
i have a german kitchen knife set that is of decent quality but have been thinking that a single bevel might be something to check out .
i have also never used a whetstone on kitchen knifes so a cheaper knife that i wo n't feel too bad screwing up is in order .
right now i walk him for 20-30min in the morning a game of fetch and 20-30min at night and and 2 short 5min walks before i head to work and before i go to sleep .
he 's in pretty good shape for a 12 yr old lab and still loves to play fetch and is excited to go out and walk .
he 'd probably do it for an hour straight if i let him .
my sister in law likes to go braless when she 's at home .
when we visited recently it was a nice day out with the sun shining through the windows .
the t-shirt she was wearing was a dark but thin material .
she was bending to lift something in front of the window and the sun shone through the t-shirt leaving it practically transparent .
i feel like she should know but is it my place ?
no it 's definetly not my internet problem since i can play other game shooting fighting you name it and they 're still doing fine even when i change between region .
on the other hand i get downright laggy while playing borderlands 3 on my region asia so bad that im forced to play on n.america which surprisingly less laggy for whatever the reason is..
his stats are pretty nice but it just does n't translate
hi everyone i have an older thermostat in the apartment i 'm renting .
it 's an old dial '' type that does n't have a digital display .
i 'm looking for a simple thermostat that i can easily install .
i know it 's weird to do this on a rental but i live alone and was hoping to program something that way i do n't waste energy while i 'm away for work/travel .
i live in a state that 's really hot year round .
i have created a plugin and in it have added a custom php function attached to a certain wordpress hook manage screen id columns https developer.wordpress.org/reference/hooks/manage_screen-id_columns .
this hook was added to wordpress in version 3.0.0 .
what happens if a user is running a version of wordpress older than this version and installs/activates my plugin ?
if issues will arise how can i best avoid them ?
is there a php function that can return the user 's currently installed wordpress version ?
if so i could use that in my code to avoid running code on an older version of wordpress .
i 'm not really asking this question to resolve this one particular case .
this question is more so i know how to handle other cases when i use hooks/functions that may have been added very recently .
it goes like this when i use my ps4 controller .
my medical journey has taken me all over the place .
i am soon to see a neurologist and am now suspecting a seizure disorder nocturnal seizures that would have started 17 years ago .
later a naturopath suspected it was a sleep panic attack caused by blood sugar levels dropping 4 or so hours after i would eat .
symptoms started with hallucinations upon falling asleep or while waking up .
seeing demons hearing voices hearing ungodly loud decibel levels of gears in my vhs player grinding .
had sleep paralysis obviously and the first time was accompanied by an out of body experience .
they came associated with a sensation of high pressure energy surging down my body .
i learned i could control the pressure sensation as well .
or at least it seems that way when i have an episode .
they have gotten fewer and farther between since then .
they happen maybe once or twice a year now .
i dont usually hallucinate or if i do it is just my normal bedroom .
i dont know if my eyes are actually open and i am actually seeing with my eyes or if it is a hallucination .
i am no longer terrified of them so maybe that contributes to if i hallucinate auditory sensations or scary demons lol .
am also not religious anymore so that might help .
it felt like the pressure was built up in my head and it caused pain .
i can not wake up from these no matter how hard i try or how badly i try to scream for help .
when i do wake up i have such extreme exhaustion i cant barely fight the sleep .
i try to as hard as possible because i know i will just have another episode if i fall back asleep .
this last 6 months or so i have also had a feeling of my brain being pulled downward all of a sudden on me .
i have muscle weakness and fatigue as well as worsening memory issues .
i also have vision loss randomly at times while i am awake .
i dunno if it is scrambled or blacks out .
there has been an uptick in that as well these last few months .
what do seizures feel like for those who are conscious while they occur ?
edit also is there some sort of connection between the vagus nerve and epilepsy ?
getting tested for gastroparesis and i often wake in the middle of the night with extreme stomach pain .
and it is always ... in the middle of the night .
also looking to buy an uny/ap refresh leather right arm metal left leg .
my family and i desperately want to relocate to the unicoi county area in june/july 2021 .
seems like employment options are somewhat slim though and living 700 miles away makes looking for employment somewhat difficult .
if anyone has any leads for a pro 2a constitutionalist please message me .
i have a bachelor 's degree and most of my work experience is in education and human services some management experience .
if you can help me relocate to a free state or would like to see my resume please message me .
best wishes to all of you already living in such a beautiful area that still values liberty .
assuming that a person is pretty good at whatever they do would it make sense to directly correlate job security and road traffic in a given place ?
more people on the road more people working/doing chores which directly/indirectly keeps the economy active and an active economy is good right ?
anyone know where is the best place for getting tips on forex trading besides the standard sites please ?
i 'm slowly building up my home network and i wanted to get pfsense in there somewhere and learn it .
i initially thought about buying the netgate sg-1100 but then saw many also use their own hw .
i have a single esxi vmware host with all my vms and will use pfsense to secure a couple of vlans home wifi and vms etc .
i see the throughput on the sg-1100 is nearly 1gb but not when ips is turned on unless you but the sg-3100 .
just wondered if you bought the netgate or went the vm way and why ?
i guess if the esxi crashes and i get a netgate things will still run .
u/thexclusiveace gave this tip in his recent vid how to make modern warfare look sound so much better https youtu.be/ej0ihnhl3jm ? t=42 .
like him i too used to use a little bit brighter than suggested settings to get an edge in the darker sections of maps in recent call of dutys .
it does n't really work this time around and actually makes enemies a bit harder to see in certain conditions .
most of the gameplay posted here has a really washed out look and it would n't be a big surprise if there were more of us who play with a bit too high in-game brightness .
hi lad dir mal diese app herunter sie ist wirklich was besonderes !
if you do the youtube thing take a look at mindandmagick channel .
follow the mystery school '' from lesson one ... .i need to take off my friend .
they 've run laps around the fox broadcast this year
the top was done ... and yes i went back over after i finished and washed off the dirt that was getting blown around .
the sidewalk was green from stuff growing on it .
please help me get enough comment karma to post to charity .
we 're good my guy and i hope you do well !
i was left defense because i kick with my left and sometimes goalie .
really decapitating people and hanging them from street lights is just a cry for help tbqh .
besides not allowing a few tons of cocaine into your country is just a draconian notion .
sorry i do n't know of any church of christ church 's to help but if you 're open to other denominations i have a couple ideas .
i go to the church of the incarnation on mckinney in dallas .
i was originally invited there by my friend that 's gay and i know he and his husband feel welcome there .
it 's episcopal if you 're willing to give that a shot and they offer a more traditional service as well as contemporary .
as for my other idea as you may know the methodist church came out against gay marriage not too long ago and pretty quick after that lakewood united methodist church decided yeah ... we 're not doing that so they left the methodist church and operate independently as lakewood united church with a big rainbow flag where the word methodist used to be .
so i do n't know if you would want to try episcopal or a church that 's no longer methodist but if you 're open to it i 'm sure you 'll be welcome at either
try and make a reservation when you get up that morning .
they usually open up some spots for the day early in the morning so before you head into the park you can look online and see if they have any new spots open .
your so bad lol track mine wp_niptwister wp_shylock and wp_butt-muncher
i hope they keep making them forever and that gerard butler 's face becomes continually rounder with each installment .
wait lsu is losing 7-3 to northwestern state in the 2nd quarter ?
i try not to open the threads for bullshit culture wars shitstorms
if you would report them as such that would be great help .
regardless of whether or not she 's an employee that type of conduct is n't normal or acceptable .
i certainly do n't talk like that to any of my staff .
while it is n't illegal in no way should we condone this type of behaviour .
telling girls to just ignore or just avoid men like this is shifting the blame from the perpetrator to the recipient .
get some thin thin or flat ethernet cables they can be very well hidden under the baseboards just be careful of the tac board thin strip of wood with spikes that holds the carpet taut .
i had 2 teeth come in at 45 degree angles they were gon na hit my front teeth but i got surgery and had them realigned
almost all my posts that got a decent amount of upvotes were memes
i feel the same and people saying she was anti capitalist and now dates elon musk are just as capitalist as everyone is .
if you wan na fight for causes and minorities thats ok do it but fighting capitalism is like ?
and that has nothing to do with her music .
her last two singles were great so im waiting for her new album .
my mood can change so one song could be my favorite one week until i hear another one that fits the mood just right .
it 's been over a decade since the buccs won theirs how long has it been since you all were in the playoffs ?
that 's half harsh to say as i post my art almost daily on here lol but thank you 😂
i thought it was about her early years where she was an assasin ?
while i agree that lonely people are definitely a market that is untapped for promotion i think that is not so much because of an oversight as it is the fact that lonely people are skeptical of promotions .
at least then you would n't get upset when it never comes back to you .
man i wish i could find copies of it on a disk or something i want to watch the entire thing one more time
based on my own experience hearing this everytime i think it 's an issue with the commercials being in basic stereo but it 's played through the theater 's dolby/whatever multichannel sound system .
the opposite effect happens when you stick a 5.1 movie into a computer and try playing it on stereo speakers without using any normalization processing .
with multichannel you 've got a huge range so quiet stuff can be quiet and loud stuff can be loud and you can still hear both .
stereo requires it all to be mashed together into a much smaller range so everything is nearly equally loud .
they could turn down the overall volume but then big explosions would sound like farts .
it was a bit tedious and the paths are n't really intuitive but it has a nice vibe and good bosses .
you implied that his minecraft videos are more awful than the rest with is what i disagree with you about .
was n't there a video of tony hawk telling skaters to do a kick flip ?
french fries were n't originally fried in france they were fried in greece .
this would be the perfect spot for a skyrim opening meme .
same as working for a major telecom company name edited out because of paranoia .
i was doing on the phone tech support and had laryngitis .
got my then-wife to call in for me but was told i needed a doctor 's note .
went to work anyway to be on time supervisor told me to get checked out by a doctor but she never logged me as having come in on time .
got seen by a doc 4 days voice rest plus meds then reevaluate and brought that note to the supervisor as soon as i left the doctor 's office .
i still had to come in every day as scheduled so i could be sent home and they never did fix the first day .
i was also once taken out of that building in an ambulance after i had what was eventually figured out to be a panic attack .
i was still written up for not finishing the shift .
for some people living their life to the fullest means devoting themselves to someone they love .
do n't knock it because it 's not what you want for yourself .
i am planning a week of that maybe around next year when its not as hectic at work .
i was 15 the last time i trick or treated .
i 'm very short so i was n't bugged about it too much .
i prefer when they attempt to put a costume on tho .
we 've been giving passes to conservative voters since watergate .
then iran-contra climate denial claiming to be party of family values '' and fiscal conservatism . ''
and now russian collusion and a potus that is arguably the least moral one america has ever had .
i do n't really know how ports are rated .
like does the reviewer just play the game on its own and judge it by that or do they play the original and then the port and judge how good it is compared to the original ?
and we did n't shoot ourselves in the foot ?
yeah you had the turnover but we made so many mistakes
the dude has slurred like craaaazy few times before .
i did n't even think about those 2 i missed those guns
lol love the comments but am looking for serious answers !
you made a machine gun that fires marijuana cigarettes !
for some reason flying to the u.k. is super cheap
if it was anxiety it 'd just get worse as you pushed yourself though you 'd either finish the interaction with sweaty palms and a racing heart or pass out and shit yourself .
same here i also like adding chopped nuts for texture tho i have to stay away from peanuts .
only thing i 'd add to this would be graham cracker crumbs to make it s'mores brownies
what fan do n't enjoy sexy with the fighters ?
he needs to give back his best male artist awards then
about which arms you can possess and which ones you ca n't ?
life support is one of those things where 'ok life support is off line we have 30 minutes to fix it before we all die ' .
where if ag goes off line its instantly a whole lot of problems .
darkoath had their first model in warhammer quest silver tower mind .
the concept has popped up in the fiction and i 'd wager the reason we have n't gotten them as a full faction yet is quite simple warcry .
chances are we 'll be seeing a big slaves to darkness overhaul with the various tribes and beasties rolled in with the darkoath chieftain and warqueen as heroes alongside new ones .
in the malign portents stuff we had the warqueen go and bash skulls in to take control of various disparate tribes after all .
generic chaos warriors and knights as well as champions are probably best spun into a proper full everchosen book or somesuch instead so as to keep the tribes in the spotlight .
i hope they expand and clarify the part after you ! obtain the highwind ! .
key of the ancients '' ! felt disjointed along with the ! underwater region ! .
maybe add a dungeon and more lore around ! why the key is hidden down there ! .
maybe ! it was a last refuge of the ancients before jenova took them out or something ! .
also the quest for the ! huge materia ! never made a ton of sense .
why would you ! want to stop shinra from destroying meteor with a rocket ?
that 's basically your team 's goal as well .
the excuse given in the game was that you did n't want shinra to have that powerful of materia .
it does n't jive well with the rest of the narrative. ! .
they could maybe incorporate a modified version of ! vincent 's story with the protomateria in there as long as they took out the whole tsviets thing ! .
wow have n't seen an hd dvd in here in a while .
this is the exact thing that played through my head
i never said every american soldier is a god send saint . ''
i meant as a whole americans are the most compassionate military in the world .
yamata no orochi is a toho kaiju from the film orochi the 8 headed dragon .
it 's should be me to say thank you 😊 next time i will be more careful when posting it .
i say this every time because it 's true .
our anecdotal what we see on tiktok and wechat really does n't mean jack shit .
not trying to diss you just saying that there is an entity out there who has extremely good analytics on exactly how the ebbs and flows of dissatisfaction/dissent are trending on the chinese internet .
they can cut the data by location social group party membership income level whatever the fuck they want .
the great thing is we also have a window on that knowledge because we see how they react to it .
with the recent tightening i am pretty confident in saying that things are trending in the wrong direction for the ccp on the chinese internet .
could be because of hk could be the economy could be the 70th anniversary could be all of it .
all we can tell for sure is they are definitely worried .
if i find my mind wandering a lot listening to music usually fixes the problem .
wow gg how do you know you 're in the top 17000 ?
no only base attack changes anything most of the time because as your ranges units ' attack is increased by blacksmith upgrades so is the attack of the castle
saying thrane had no archers when that 's literally their national martial tradition in other sources
portraying the silver flame as a universally corrupt and aggressive organization .
i like a lot of what 's in there like the emerald claw and their relationship with karrnath/cyre .
i just tend to mentally reference it as a set of broad themes instead of using specific events within it as canonical history .
in my personal canon the war looked quite a bit different for most of its history .
maybe some soldiers were suffering so much the medics had to them out of their misery .
thoroughly cream together shortening sugar lemon peel and vanilla .
sift dry ingredients together add to creamed mixture mixing well .
drop by teaspoons onto crushed wheat flakes toss lightly to coat .
place on greased cookie sheet about 2 inches apart .
sift together dry ingredients gradually add to creamed mixture blending well .
drop from teaspoon into crushed flakes rolling to coat well .
bake in moderate oven 375° 12 to 15 minutes or till the top springs back when lightly touched .
thoroughly cream shortening and sugar add eggs and beat well .
sift dry ingredients together add to creamed mixture alternately with sour milk .
add nuts and fruits drop by heaping teaspoons onto greased cookie sheet .
bake in moderate oven 375° 10 to 12 minutes .
add 2 teaspoons vinegar to 1/2 cup milk to sour it
unfortunately your post has been removed by our automoderator because it was thought to be low effort .
this typically happens if your text body count is 75 characters or you posted a link in a text post .
if you feel this was done in error or have any questions feel free to send us a mod mail http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 23classicwow subject=submission+removal message=https www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/d5wzrg/ive_never_played_horde_but_i_want_to_play_a_shaman .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/classicwow if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah the tracking is a little off but it 's not too bad
not really there 's two minutes between the comments .
cleaning is rly fine you just need to have a metal spatula you can scratch the shit out of it then wash it lightly dry few drops of oil on top and spread it with a kitchen paper then put it aside
you should n't be spending almost 500 on a poncho .
their policy says that you can as long as you do n't download problem is i think i should n't download for ea access before i hear back in case they decide to screw me over because of it
i hear been here since founding of company and as such knows a whole lot about all of the moving parts that make up the products we sell knows what problems we had in the past and how they were solved arriving us to the current state ''
oh those are definitely going in my increasingly-not-a-hug group hug deck
to be honest this is a cosmetic hiccup on the underside of the shoe so i would say no its not '' but if you have bought a premium shoe at a premium price then you should get a refund and an apology .
well then i guess we can chill the hostility lol but yeah apple sells each ear and the charging case separately for if you do lose one but when you initially buy the airpods you get the whole group .
it does cost more for the charging case that you can put on a wireless charger to charge but yeah imo it 's too much extra money to be worth it .
esp considering as you said even 15 hours of battery life is a pretty good amount so plugging in the case once or twice a week for 30 min is n't a big deal .
as long as i do n't die due to that 24 hours of torture afterwards i 'd probably reverse climate change and keep it at safe levels forever snap the trash in the oceans out of existence restore coral reefs clean up all the space junk we have in space ensure a peaceful co-existence with ai accelerate technological innovation and make myself the traveler from destiny because that 's fucking badass .
for all 3 skins for every armorclass heavy medium light you need 3 chests of ebon vanguard shoulders .
on the wvw side you unlock all 3 armorclasses .
but the important part is you unlock all 3 skins in the gardrobe .
reading some of your stuff actually was a motivating factor in the decision to write down mine .
i 'm fortunate in the sense that we are n't yet facing the existential crisis that you are/were but i do n't want to see it get worse .
it 's been encouraging to see the stories and more so the support on display here .
honestly it would be very difficult to seperate the two teams if we 're talking at their absolute primes then half the players in each team were downright god-like .
all i know is that no ground could contain the insane amount of skill and talent with all of them at their peaks .
commentators and fans alike would spontaneously combust in a mixture of excitement and jizz .
if you trust him and he makes you feel safe ala this wo n't bite you in the ass then absolutely .
you do n't need to have a special someone for your first time .
do what feels right to you and keeps you safe !
what do you mean t92s are just around the corner ?
nex came out in 2011 and we 're getting t80 armor in th 8 years later .
t92s will probably come out in 2027 when either the game is dead or we all have t120 's and no one will care about t92 anymore
44 of sc trade league are playing necromancers so yeah very high demand
jumping attacks are actually unparriable so that 's either some weird cheat engine nonsense or an animation that looks a bit like jumping like the 3rd l1 to the farron greatsword .
if you use the 3rd l1 to the farron greatsword i do n't care who you are and if you 're even invaded at the time .
if you use the 3rd l1 an invader is going to instantly be there to show up and parry it .
i do n't know why i 'm laughing at these references .
same here instead of buying tons of raid passes like what i did during shiny rayquaza raid now i use only free passes .
looking for enough players to take down this t6 '' mewtwo is harder than expected in rural area .
sit him down when the guns are put away and talk to him about it .
the first rule of firearm safety is never point any gun at something you do n't intend to destroy you should n't ever let anybody point an unloaded gun at you .
he might be a good guy and mean it as a joke but it is n't funny because it could cost you your life if he makes any more mistakes with the firearms .
also lock them in a secure place and the ammo and magazines in another location .
since they are your guns you are responsible for them .
honestly i think both of you need to take a firearms safety course because it is obvious that you do n't understand the gravity of what is going on .
he needs another 8 in order to actually win delegates .
a candidate does n't need to win every state in order to win the nomination but winning california would be immensely helpful now that they 're both an early state and very large .
this has been posted more than 300 times already last month
these pvp replies are exactly what others can expect playing this game and can decide upfront that this game is not for them .
just know not everyone wants to play that way and you are quite foolish to suggest those that do not like it leave .
why does any pvp player care if people want to play a game without that forced on players ?
no one here is saying there should be no pvp .
as far as i am concerned you can all pvp yourselves into oblivion .
you wont be shooting me or thousands of others and all that does is empty your game .
i played this game to level 19 and had no idea there was open world pvp .
not until there was a red skull and risk showed up on my quests .
others may be in the same boat or starting to play and not know this .
thank you for crystallizing my point each and every blind pvp love it or leave it '' post made .
you are exactly what is wrong with pvp and every time you reply in kind you warn others to stay away .
firearm related items have been against the rules for over a year .
that 's what they want to call it it 's their park .
are there any guides out there to making something around the lines of these set ups ?
i love it but i have no idea how i would even start it .
that 's very dependent on what part of the country you live in .
if i do n't have to think about it other than when i spend a few minutes rebalancing every year or two that 's pretty much sitting there '' as far as i 'm concerned .
half a dozen funds with foreign and domestic stocks short and long treasuries and an alternative or two will easily keep ahead of inflation and give you a nice safe withdrawal rate .
but pizza is the one thing americans have made better .
and saying no to the all is ok too .
i regret the mist just because of the ending i had read the novella which had a completely different ending but poltergeist and child 's play ? ?
it really depends on the individual kid and you know nothing about her
plus those two are probably the most popular starter movies for young horror-watchers
hello joshan12 your post has been removed because it looks like you might be posting about one of these shows
whilst some of these shows might look anime style r/anime does not classify them as anime because they are not produced in japan .
for more information on how we define anime-specificness please visit the rules page http www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/rules wiki_everything_posted_here_must_be_anime_related .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
did you know that there 's a direct correlation between the decline of spirograph and the rise in gang activity ?
ironically very ironically the front three should have been more selfish last match .
there was no reason for mané to attempt that pass and while i applaud him for being nice and trying i think he was perfectly capable of shooting to the lefthand side of the goal and then at worst salah would go up for scraps and score a rebound .
those that try to put on a facade of the best '' or most baddass '' usualy are the ones that quitely cry in a corner in real life ...
the federal highways are in need of that money too .
the bridges especially are starting to show their age .
the us has cut funding to almost every kind of public infrastructure .
the highway system is the most recent casualty in the war on spending .
please do your best to respond to commenters as they take the time and effort to read your post and give you advice .
if a commenter provides advice that is helpful please respond to the comment with the word '' helped '' anywhere in your comment .
this will give the commenter an advice point which will show that the commenter is a helpful member of this subreddit .
you can respond to as many comments as you want and we encourage it if they help you even a little bit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/advice if you have any questions or concerns .
i hate taxis but we need taxis and local tourism operators to compete with ridesharing apps and vice versa to keep each other in check .
the changes which were fought tooth-and-nail by old stock roof light holders only bring the halifax taxi industry into the year 2006 by most cities ' standards but this is still good news .
fun fact a large majority of stage lighting and some some using those twist lock plugs
in football a player might leave half way through a contract for various reasons .
i mean i do n't like the guy but someone above me was calling the trump administration the ongoing worst constitutional crisis in the past century. it 's blatantly wrong shit like that that turns me off to any other points they may want to make .
one of the first carti songs i heard so many memories with this classic
biggest disappointment is they do n't fit in the official case but i 'm happy to keep them and remove them for transport as it takes a few seconds to refit them .
while fitting these i noticed one of my controllers has a crack in the ring .
these are definitely way less robust than the adamantium original touch controllers .
i grew up being looked down on and scoffed at by entitled popular girls like this my entire tenure in high school .
even simple interactions garnered shitty treatment and passive aggressive niceties and snickers behind my back because i was into comics and heavy metal and my friends were other metal heads and goth chicks and band kids and i did n't go to football games .
that faux apology ... that 's just covering her ass so she does n't get thrown out .
she does n't even pretend to be remorseful until she realizes someone who could possibly kick them out is pissed off .
look at the way she grabs his hand to move it .
she 's not sorry she did it she 's sorry she got busted and that dude has seen that kind of behavior before probably a hundred times .
they thought they could get away with anything because they were cute girls at a party .
you can tell it was n't legitimate because of her reaction to her camera at the end after he left .
and there isnt any concern with her family sorrounded with power hungry lords ?
excellent i ca n't wait to hear more about it !
it 's only a dick i ai n't gon na get paralysed .
go to hospital stitch it up sort it out get a vagina
thanks for the response but i 'm not sure what you mean by bootpicker
generally a masters degree is only substituted as a year of experience for job requirements .
it does not substitute whatsoever for pe as i 've been told .
and i would of gotten away with it too if it was n't for beto and those meddling kids !
it is from puppet 's war they are called h.i .
he does n't do laps of his enclosure or anything just does what he did before the molt hang out in his cork bark tube and slap the shit out of anything that comes within range .
hot take privacy is overrated and is mainly a sign of a society obsessed with ridiculous moral precepts
just face down for 20-30 secs in a pan try without butter or oil in there
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
one thing i regularly think about and this is far from a proof but rather a sort of discussion question ... what do nasa and the vast majority of independent science groups have to gain by lying about global warming ?
whereas the fossil fuel corporations have a lot to gain by lying bribing .
it just seems silly to think oh yeah who cares what those third-rate scientists at nasa think ''
yea once it gets going it 's unstoppable but getting there is the problem .
yes i yes i also yes i also do n't like it when regular people have energy in their bodies and say they have adhd .
if you genuinely think you have it get a diagnosis !
i 've not met or seen anyone claim to have adhd without having it yet though and do n't see why .
i do n't know man old food in a fridge cheese farts fart clouds explosions seen from space none of these things are particularly novel i 'm sure people 's thoughts brush up against these exact concepts all the time .
i do n't know whether or not that sentence was unique it 's not something i have the ability to know but to me personally it 's not nearly specific enough for me to have confidence nobody 's ever said it before i think it 's completely within reason that other people are out there talking this way .
this is the most amazing thing i 've seen all weekend .
i know its only tuesday but i think this one has some staying power .
i will provide a cite ... if you were first concede that it makes a difference .
yes there is a distinction almost all skateboard deaths are misadventure while the majority of rifle deaths are malicious .
if anything the fact that skateboards are accidentally dangerous '' makes them a better choice for regulation .
if it were illegal to ride a skateboard in public skateboarders will presumably ride in parks or walk or take up some other safer recreation .
they are n't going to just throw themselves in front of passing cars .
by comparison if it were illegal for you to kill me with a rifle and the law so effectively enforced you could n't accomplish it that does n't mean you will pick a safer alternative say calling me unpleasant names .
you might very well decide to kill me with a handgun or a knife or a pointy stick .
it 's not clear that getting rid of rifles will save a single life .
i thought i might as well try it out and have n't managed to cancel the subscription yet
uh ok he could n't break it either unless he concentrated the hammer blow on the sharp tip .
he could n't shatter that tiny thing with pliers either
they really have to introduce that congressmen themselves are under oath in these hearings ...
yeah but it does n't matter because it 's still easier this way
dude you 're one of the few wmh players painting their stuff .
not only does it look great but i 'd be ecstatic to play against an army that looks that good .
who is ready for bone cold austin ! ? ''
supported accommodation and halfway houses are the for those who arent yet ready for an assured shorthold tenancy .
i mean stampingpixels is not refuting the claim it appears they are wholly in support of providing housing to those in need .
i 'm no counselor or expert in any sense but i tend to agree more with pixels than with you ... there should be specific subsections of public housing for specific groups of needs halfway houses and supported housing for those who can not manage their own affairs and social housing i believe the us dept of hud calls it public housing for those who can .
sure but that is why i asked to leave the keys with me and i will park it for him .
the vast majority of us european and other older metro systems were built before standardized metro systems were seriously considered .
gauge the least of your issues the only us metro that does n't use standard gauge is bart .
and even then a few inches of difference is n't a major issue .
signalling is a major issue since each system pretty much has its own unique signal system .
most use third rails for smaller loading gauges but metros powered by overhead lines exist too the north east line of singapore 's mrt for example .
you need to support different train car widths heights floor heights and lengths .
it only works when building a or many new metro system from scratch as china has done .
many newer systems have chosen an off-the-shelf package like bombardier 's innovia series so i guess there is some degree of standardization .
louder exhausts are still illegal in ca for noise reasons if not pollution reasons .
i got ekeler for oj howard midway thru week 1 ... .i think i win
i want tim and elon to sit down for an hour and play kerbel together .
if you think that your impoverished status in the us justifies drugging people and stealing their belongings there is something very very wrong with you .
put both his partner and that ball in their place .
i 've heard of stories where a girl was given a promise ring but no engagement followed after .
for example one girl after eight years of promising had a heart to heart with her bf .
it turns out that he realized he preferred common law than actual marriage and he strung her along .
it 's not like she complained about how the ring looked .
we managed to kill emp though too bad the female dwarf bugged so we did n't get loots .
if you kill emp before killing princess she goes green .
weird the marketing for this movie has been very cringy .
like reminds me of that old store spencers a very high school style or something .
ps the mind over mayhem '' thing reminds me way too much of the joker damaged '' tattoo .
well it is in fact oc he just reposted his own image .
i 'm not having a hissy fit i was asking a question haha
but everything would be better everything is still cool tho but if it was everything everything would not be cooler then everything ya know
friends dont do things that their friends dont like .
maybe you dont have enough age on you yet to understand that .
theres nothing in those quotes saying anything about harming the guy they say that she should keep it on her if he tries something .
honestly if you ca n't see what a psycho this guy is you 're either extremely naive or you know maybe kind of crazy yourself .
i 've been in abusive relationships rape almost murdered and so on and those guys talked exactly like this guy .
we 're a small community of folks with oily hair and scalp .
come chat with us and see if anyone shares your oily woes .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
why do so many czechs wear sandals and socks ?
women always say i have roman hands and russian fingers .
but in all seriousness my dad 's side of the family has been in america coming onto four hundred years .
no clue precisely which european stock is going on there .
my last name is english so english is certainly a factor .
or are you throwing out a whataboutism with no context and will probably bring up how he vetoed that horribly unenforceable written bill that would allow any moron try to sue saudi arabia over 9/11 ?
these conditions and elements are actually quite rare to hit all at the same time ... https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/rare_earth_hypothesis
i mean back then it was drug fueled weeklong writing binges .
today they have vegetable trays and water at the table read lol
its only a ankle breaker because mount is coming in for the ball though he 's making the challenge and putting himself in the line unfortunately for the kid he 's come of worse in what is simply a 50/50 challenge .
no ac for a week is probably not actually illegal though .
i prefer the one he got i do n't see what people do n't like about the one pewds got ?
i only listed one example of a policy change on the hospital level that mitigated some concerns .
not really because the hospital bill is not the primary or even secondary concern .
changing birth right citizenship would also affect those that are n't the wealthy chinese though .
removing citizenship from random tourists and non-citizens/prs would affect primarily birth tourists who are all wealthy .
for the minority that are not birth tourists like people in the process of actually immigrating to canada they could still apply for citizenship just like actual immigrants do who immigrate to canada with a young child born outside canada .
however you did n't address my point that allowing birth tourism has nothing to do with what you said about helping those without resources '' .
in fact it is ridiculous that i have no idea what you 're even referring to .
i disagree on this point solely because the uk and us were already in talks about how they wanted to divide europe without involving the ussr in our timeline .
the uk wanted the balkans themselves and with alaska threatened would likely reach out to the americans .
with those two together canada would likely join the anglo-american alliance as well allow transport of troops and equipment .
france would likely join their side as well fearing mainland european dominance and germany would be a wild card whether or not hitler rose to power .
it 's also worth mentioning alaska 's sheer size and lack of urban development .
ultimately i feel as though alaska would be too difficult and costly both economically and through man power .
go mod tidy just added more packages and has n't removed any .
and i 'm going to keep hoping cam finds himself because i love the guy no matter what !
i hate the getting to know each other stage too .
sometimes i just wan na skip all the small talks and go straight to just talking about anything and everything .
as i grow older it is quite hard for me to connect to people .
im shy awkward and introvert also so that does n't help either .
there are people you meet and you 'll thought you 'll get along for years for a lifetime only to find out that you do n't really connect .
but you 'll adapt soon you 'll find ways to cope and it will help you realize who truly are the friends for keeps '' .
real connection to people does n't happen overnight sometimes it feels like it does though that 's rare you need to make an effort too .
either way if you wan na talk about whatever i 'm a dm away .
pretty sure he 's in high school as well .
i bet you have to sand and start over .
the wax and dewaxed both use alcohol as a solvent .
when you put another coat of dewaxed in it 's going to dissolve some of the existing wax and shellac mixing it in your new layer .
shellac is pretty quick so you could try a test spot .
the stadium tour you 've got to see big ears
no i have a bulkman workbee with zyltech kit .
ive been happy with electronics but 8mm leadscrew too small and i dont like the vwheels .
i downloaded that really big engine that was on the workshop by the way
i ca n't tell if you 're trolling but 50/50 is literally a fraction and the basis of the entire joke.
50:50 as a ratio is saying there 's a 50 chance of either of the options happening .
this is just incorrect and doesnt make any sense .
i had a little difficulty understanding what you were asking for so please let me know if this does n't produce the results you were looking for .
i 've included as many descriptive comments as i could but please let me know if you have any questions about what 's happening here .
array of items to test against removed name property as it seems this was only
in here to create the header in your eventual csv ?
initial foreach loop to iterate over the objects in testitems
creating ourobject with a name parameter already defined by the name of the item
second foreach loop to iterate over the objects in tomatch and
adding the result of our match test to either the 1 or 2 keys in
note that we can define this dynamically by calling the
object we are currently working with which corresponds with a key
add our completed ourobject to our results array before destroying ourobject
after the foreach loops have completed export results to a csv
or would you want answers from one in like mumbai ?
'' guts is going to slaughter the god hand ''
it 's just that it wo n't be only a fucking stupid charge ahead with our heroes winning .
they will need a plan because griffith is a god and has no intention to be killed and will strike back with all his forces .
so if guts kills griffith a ton of main characters will die to help him .
we do n't even know if the skull knight is a true ally .
he wants the god hand dead but he would likely choose to sacrifice guts to achieve it .
the real players here are void and sk and we do n't know if they are toying with all the other characters in order to take advantage on the other .
the waits killing me tho working a graveyard while everyone is playing was so hard especially since it was a slow night so it made it even harder to not surf the borderlands subs .
my local smoke shop is pissed they have filed for an appeal .
i 'm 19+1 and have been having on and off stabbing pains that are dull to the left side of my abdomen since i 've been up today .
they seem worse when i move around but also when i lay on that side .
does this sound like round ligament pain gas or something else ?
i just had my monthly appointment yesterday so i do n't want to call unless it seems warranted .
does his head skip after every second word in real life too ?
probably not helpful as i 'm a lesbian but if my wife was arrested for this twice i would just laugh my ass off and tease her about it forever .
your wife should be willing to let something this silly go and you should definitely be talking to a therapist about taking such silliness to the point of felony arrest .
viel eishockey und an gscheidn winter und an leiwanda herbst .
thank you for your submission unfortunately it has been automatically removed because it was not properly titled .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/2meirl4meirl if you have any questions or concerns .
i just know that people like you go negative every game and cause good players like me to lose
i do n't think i should open this sub in class
as a warrior tank should i prioritize sunder armor or shield block ?
right now i open with sunder armor after charging in until i have sufficient agro .
then i shield block and revenge whenever it 's up .
as a side note i 'm only level 20 .
truck driver is fucked but so is the owner of the blue car .
jp always points to lobsters to show hierarchies in the natural world i wonder if why he 's never mentioned sex changing animals
jokes on you my little brother is a reincarnation of hitler and his birthday is on september 11th .
buildings are still there and they will attack as intended
sent to another dimension is still able to attack the same nexus
by your logic if you 're in another dimension and buildings are n't in the same dimension then they should n't be able to hit you or you hit them
it 's not glamorous but sign up with gopuff at gopuff.com it 's a contractor gig got no benefits.bit also pays comission per delivery but you should clear 500 a week easy .
after you sign up it takes no time to start and we pay weekly
now em sees this and has to scrap the whole damn album 😂
the joke is that ttv have terrible aim and can only build
he 's not talking about starting his own militia so why are you ?
normally i do n't go for the hype trades but this is a perfect fit .
can anyone recommend where to buy cheaper iphone xr ?
like those beng shop but like fresh in the box new kind ?
bedrock sucks mine coins are dumb and redstone is broken af .
this happened to my brother and i on wave 45 .
i am saying that there is no such thing as human dna '' .
it 's the same thing as any other dna just that the numbers are different .
there is a good reason why pig organs have been transplanted into humans and that biological testing for humans can be done with mice .
you seem to equate a glob of protein with a living breathing thinking human .
you 've constantly referred to abortion as killing babies '' when they are simply not the same thing .
anyway i 'm going to go watch the cricket now and focus on finishing this bottle of red .
so edgy to be trash that has nothing to do but boast about guns and trucks .
then your same edgy pieces of shit start worshipping nazis and commit massacres at public places and you cry about people coming after you .
it 's just layers of dumb on top of dumb .
they 're still not good ideas they 're just bad ideas that benefit a hundred assholes at the expense of literally everyone else and i 'm reasonably confident that if i were to suddenly become a multi-millionaire overnight i 'd still believe that .
even fixed the tirptiz will not be better than the bismark or the iowa
i would have no issue if it was better .
it 's a tier vii 'premium ' ship that we worked really hard to earn that does n't actually earn money .
this sub reddit does get off topic with crazy conspiracies some times .
ok if it is a matter of space having separate mcs is totally legit .
also because jason is still pretty basic probably still views janet as his mother so it was probably because of that .
if it does get sabotaged it 'll be through jealousy against jason not through manipulations of the bad place
downward spiral had a lot of puzzles and although i love puzzles i feel like space vr games could incorporate some really unique combat dynamics that really have n't been implemented well .
i 'm not sure i have a lot of faith in a game if devs do n't have strong enough vision of what the game will be about and have to ask us what we want to play .
just do what you think will suit the narrative of the game and atmosphere you wish to create .
puzzles shooting ... both can be good or they can both suck .
it depends how gameplay mechanics are implemented and if they feel natural to the game world .
trump ran on a pretty extreme agenda in 2016 and so far it seems like it was all talk .
likewise the more extreme democrats would probably accomplish little to none of their far-left goals .
on second thought i want roy 's top 10 college qbs
i was arrested for leaving a threatening voicemail for threatening someone with a gun .
this is not the topic that i brought up in the post .
if you want a classic tank control game the re1 remaster is excellent .
if you think the re storyline is an awful mess then get 7 .
and thanks to obama 200 for a 40mm chalk round too .
svitolina better hope this does n't go to 3 .
ok cool i put all the pokémon you requested aside
dawn did see that he was lying but for some reason chose not to speak up
it 's almost or more than double for a lot of the sets vs individual pieces .
it looks cool but i do n't see many places to hide from springtrap !
yes i agree i may be hard on myself but i do shitty things as well that would really disappoint them and my brain does n't want to give myself a break .
seems like you need to solve the tougher question of what is art before you answer this .
but i think the short obvious answer is that in almost all cases yes .
and i think most people agree with that regardless of what definition for art they want to push .
she does know that she has to wash the majority of the grime off the dishes before sticking them in the dishwasher right ?
and that if she puts them in with grime on them they 'll still be dirty after the dishwasher runs ?
calculate the cost of the dishwasher into how many hours of you working at your job it would be to purchase it .
then ask if she would rather spend a fraction of that time cleaning the dishes by hand .
edit please point me towards your awesome high-powered dishwashers that miraculously remove all the grime from your dishes and silverware .
i 'd love to have one that does what you claim yours do !
there 's no big move to ban beer and teens have been illegally drinking that for decades thanks to the alcohol lobby .
i mean that would be struck down as unconstitutional by brett kavanaugh with some heavy lobbying by squi and donkey dong doug .
biden needs to smoke some weed to help his cognitive recall .
give him a stoked bong with his record player and listen to him read a book out loud !
long story short i was literally spacing out during most of my math classes and playing games all day during my teens i never did math homework and was barely able to not fail in math every single year but i 've just restarted 17 days ago to be precise to learn math again with 21 years old .
i 've been studying math almost every day in my free time what makes around 1.5 hours to 2 hours of study daily and i 'm pretty proud of that number since i never studied seriously before .
i started my studying from the subject that corresponds to the time that i simply started to not be mentally present anymore in my math classes which is functions .
right now i 'm trying to understand how derivatives work and i already grasp the basic concepts and i can solve simple exercises but whenever i try to do anything more complex i simply get stuck i ca n't make anything out of it and i also forget basic stuff .
i can not help but feel like an absolute retard .
has anyone here learnt math in a late time in their lifes and has any experience to share ?
is it normal to have this kind of difficulty after a long time without having any contact with math ?
my girlfriend and i are splitting an eighth later today about 4pm est and we were wanting some advice from more experienced folk .
i 'll take 2 and she 'll take 1.5 .
i 've taken a little bit of shrooms before it was in half a chocolate so i do n't know the dose but it felt very low .
i 'm also very well versed in lsd and dmt and even astronaut flipped once .
my gf is well acquainted with lucy but not dimitri at all or shrooms .
she is also on zoloft but that leaves her system after about 24 hrs of not taking it if that can cause weird effects with mushies .
i 've heard taking a little bit like a half gram and let the nausea pass and then take the rest is a good idea because your body will have gotten used to processing it and so the come up is easier than downing a whole 2 grams .
any other recommendations on how to proceed and enjoy ?
hello there is a english pop song i think it should be a popular song in the united states always repeat in my mind .
i only remember the melody i ca n't remember any lyrics .
there is a little bit of electronic music but only a little .
it is not an old song it should be the song of the past two years .
since i am an asian there is absolutely no lyric clue but i think this song should be very popular so many people here should know when they listen .
are there any good places to buy keyboard parts in europe ?
i have looked a lot on kbdfans but i am not sure where they are delivering from
ambition has struck me and i 'm hoping to get some guidance on what i should put on my checklist
saw a user mention they found the right kind but did n't mention where .
current plan most things on the list i 'm not too worried about getting exactly stage accurate for now .
i left the tailcoat/vest off the list for now though given i want to have something put together for halloween .
think i 'm missing anything or does anyone have insights ?
i re-watch every conan remote segment like once per month .
i ca n't be alone and we need much more content .
what if we start a petition to have conan make a separate travel show in the same vein as his conan travel segments ?
it could potentially get bigger than his base show possibly picked up by netflix or something .
lately in my work and personal research i have noticed that whenever i google anything related to ml/ai/ds there is a whole page of medium/tds articles .
some of these are actually useful but more often than not they 're garbage and doing a really bad job of presenting a topic of interest .
do other people have a way of weeding through these ?
i think medium should introduce some sort of usefulness tagging mechanism to actually tell if an article does a good job in explaining a concept or not .
these days every 'data scientist ' with little to no communication skills is writing medium posts .
i am 18 and all characters and participants must be 18
i am looking to do an rp where your character is a college student and he has a huge crush on his ta teaching assistant .
you 've been falling for this guy for months now and he 's been offering you hints that he might want something more too .
maybe you were genuinely in love with the man but ultimately the two decide to have sex despite how dangerous it might be if caught and hook up .
now amindst tremendously hot sex and grades you have to choose whether being with this hunk is worth your time or not !
i am an literate experienced partner and i tend to play the part of the dom in the relationship .
note this does not mean i like doing everything by myself .
please be an active part of the rp i use reference pics in my rps and ask the same for my partners though i am willing to help find these if help is needed or asked .
some of my biggest kinks are rough sex anal choking biting dirty talking hair pulling orgasm denial flirting foreplay kissing handjobs blowjobs muscle body worship and creampies .
my biggest noes are no body fluids outside the nice ones no underage no diaper stuff and no furries .
i believe i am fairly open minded and will love to hear any and all suggestions from my partner s !
yesterday he launched a 11hour long video tutorial for how to create an impact .
he shared something that no-one will really share with you the secrets to make an impact wherever you go .
if you are worried about the exam questions of ibm p2020-795 and you have to pass your ibm p2020-795 exam in the first attempt .
because theexamdumps offers you latest ibm p2020-795 exam questions .
you can easily prepare your ibm ibm decision optimization technical mastery exam from these questions and answers .
this will help you to prepare your ibm p2020-795 exam very easily and accurately .
then you will pass out your ibm p2020-795 exam in the first attempt .
these are very easy dumps for p2020-795 exam preparation .
theexamdumps providing real ibm p2020-795 exam question for the best result .
now start learning your real ibm p2020-795 exam questions .
the time of student for us is very important so we are developed real p2020-795 exam questions .
now you can save your time and money by learning these p2020-795 ibm decision optimization technical mastery exam questions .
and we are providing these dumps in pdf for the p2020-795 student .
you can learn very easily from these dumps the preparation for ibm p2020-795 exam is 100 sure .
these exams questions are very easy you can easily pass out your ibm p2020-795 exam by learning these questions .
click here and get actual ibm p2020-795 exam questions pass your exam with 100 success guarantee
our ibm p2020-795 exam question is useable for various places .
these dumps are not for any specific person place and project .
these dumps are also is very useful in office projects .
basically these dumps are very important for those students who want to get desirable result in the ibm p2020-795 examination .
you can fulfill your dreams by learning these ibm p2020-795 exam questions .
every student can get an excellent result from these questions .
no need to have a very hard struggle for preparation of the ibm p2020-795 exam .
you just have these ibm p2020-795 exam questions to get the perfect result in p2020-795 ibm decision optimization technical mastery exam .
theexamdumps providing easiest and efficient way to pass out ibm p2020-795 exam in a very short time .
if any student is having a job also while learning this p2020-795 ibm mastery certification these dumps will help you to manage your time for job and study .
theexamdumps have many other features but the major and important feature is updated .
we are always updated for the student ibm p2020-795 exam .
theexamdumps always provides you with the updated ibm p2020-795 exam dumps .
you can always get an updated version of p2020-795 exam questions for ibm .
the other thing is about us we are providing free update for our ibm p2020-795 students .
which makes you very helpful before and after the p2020-795 ibm decision optimization technical mastery exam .
updating is very necessary thing for every p2020-795 exam and we providing this facility are free .
easy in use and print out our p2020-795 pdf questions
every student can easily use our ibm p2020-795 exam dumps .
many of the students ca n't read from the computer then you also have the facility to print out your ibm p2020-795 questions .
so you can easily prepare yourself for the ibm p2020-795 exam .
you will never face the hurdles on theexamdumps because we are providing a very easy method for ibm p2020-795 exam questions .
24/7 available customer service for ibm p2020-795 exam from theexamdumps
we can understand the time money and everything of ibm p2020-795 exam students .
therefore we are providing 24/7 customer service for our ibm p2020-795 exam users .
any time anywhere we are available for our p2020-795 users .
you can ask anything any time we will provide you with theexamdumps services .
this service is 100 free for every user there is no extra charges for this service .
discount offer from theexamdumps for p2020-795 exam and up to 20 discount
we are offering a discount offer for our new ibm p2020-795 users .
this is just to earn your trust your trust is everything for us .
now can get up 20 discount from theexamdumps for p2020-795 exam questions .
now you can pass your ibm p2020-795 exam in very cheap rate .
you can save your money by getting this offer .
click here and get actual ibm p2020-795 exam questions pass your exam with 100 success guarantee
exact half cake for now and the other exact half after the first finishes .
has anyone had issues connecting to wow classic servers from malaysia ?
my entire isp is ip banned and i do n't know how to contact blizzard to fix that .
konami needs to remove the behind the net '' segment of the replay why cant the camera follow the player in slow motion and as he shoots theres a zoomed out view .
im not sure abt the rest but i know this behind the net '' replay ruins my montages .
hier insurance agency https www.hierinsurance.com in los angeles wants to be recognized as the fist choice for all your commercial and business auto insurance needs .
the difference between us and other insurance providers is our unmatched customer service .
we can help you safeguard your organization with an insurance program specially designed to meet your commercial and business auto insurance in los angeles .
i am losing my sanity on how to deal with her and potential fellow future coworkers who may be just like her .
i am almost 100 sure that she has narcissistic personality disorder .
at first impression i liked her but i soon found her to be one of the most racist sexist classist and fat phobic person in my life .
i stayed silent and ignored her throughout most of her verbal abuse but i think my silence has contributed to her impression of me as being a pushover .
i am certain i come from a wealthier background monetary wealth than she does so her snobbiness from fake wealth irritates me .
i was raised on the belief of volunteering time and kindness to promote the well being of any individual so i do n't flaunt my monetary wealth all too much .
she sadly interprets me as not having any money and therefore sadly even more of a pushover .
after observing her behavior for some time now she only turns on the charm with white people men of any ethnicity and females either who have very traditionally feminine behavior or females who were previously in sororities .
her entitled and belittling behavior has gotten a lot worse recently with her engagement to a man from a wealthy family .
after getting engaged she started to plan details of the wedding instead of doing work and started to wear white all the time almost as if having a wedding is her raison d'etre and pinnacle moment of her life .
another coworker has said that her parents sold their house to finance her wedding .
she has repeatedly made it extremely clear to me and my fellow coworkers that she is sponging off of her parents to maintain her current lifestyle and is hoping that her future husband will continue to finance the same lifestyle .
in other words i think she unintentionally admitted to being a gold digger while thinking she was actually boasting about free money ?
she shows signs of orthorexia nervosa only clean eating and for awhile was criticizing me and other coworkers who consumed anything that she would not eat or drink herself but meanwhile she would hypocritically consume those exact taboo items at restaurants .
furthermore she treats slightly overweight female coworkers worse than other female coworkers and makes comments about having to stay skinny .
1 within my first few months of work she managed to make me feel extremely unwelcome .
when i was first started my job i learned that she is originally from the state that i had just moved from but i am not originally from the same state as she is .
she took offense to fellow coworkers asking me about her '' state because she wanted to be the special one '' .
2 some time within the first three months she and my boss were looking for a source for a job and i offered to put them in touch with my friend .
she lashed out at me by angrily saying i have friends in x industry too ! ''
... even though it had been pretty obvious that just a few seconds before that she and my boss had been clueless on who to reach out to ... she and my boss both exhibit narcissistic behavior so she and my boss stroke each other 's egos .
she ended up being my boss 's golden girl who can apparently do no wrong .
she also said women and men are incapable of being friends .
she would also say i 'm a girl so i like xyz '' .
4 for a self proclaimed foodie who likes to boast about expensive restaurants she is an incredibly picky eater and also has made slightly racist and scientifically inaccurate comments about food .
5 for someone who likes to boast about being wealthy she only goes to the same city every few months because her fiancee 's family has house there .
meanwhile i traveled around the world on my own dime and she would never acknowledge my vacations .
6 i brought my dog into work and hoped it would bridge the gap with her because she supposedly had a childhood dog .
she called my dog smelly and never pet my dog .
i am by this point convinced not only is she a narcissist but a psychopath ?
she raved about using amazon prime all the time for quick groceries to my boss but in reality she borrowed my coworker 's amazon prime account the day before because she 's too cheap to pay for her own ...
i 'm a young athletic 20 year old man who is looking for someone to sext with and possibly further from there here is a picture of me for proof .
i 'm planning to make some maps with differently-coloured countries of such a manner that there will be quite a number of colours dozen or such but the main interest will be not ‘knowing the gradient of your country ' but ability to determine and check the exact colour of a given country .
any understanding of how to choose colours for that ?
enough distinct ones even with colour-blindness all easily distinguishable from each other and immediately understood as an ordered sequence ?
never had a gaming pc before but have wanted one for a long time .
came across these deals today and thought i 'd get some opinions .
they are all 20 off the marked price with a buy now pay later refund .
i know the risk of the interest but i 'd be paying it off in full as soon as i get the refund .
i should note it 'll be pretty much exclusively for games and i 'll need a monitor to go with it .
side note i have a really good 4k tv how would it be hooked up to that ?
you do n't need a sofi money account to open an invest account and get the sign up bonus .
they have great tools to help you invest intelligently and make money .
open an account and fund it with 25 and you will get a 50 sign up bonus .
this option makes it possible to own part of a stock from your favorite companies without committing to a whole share .
so pick a stock—and get 50 worth of it or whatever amount you want when you fund a sofi invest account .
diversification is the best way to make sure that you do n't have all your eggs in one basket .
fractional share investing like stock bits makes it easy to invest in a lot of companies without a lot of dollars .
crypto investing is also an option with sofi invest because the more options you have the better you are .
for a long time other men flirting with my girlfriend while the two of us were together in public made me quite nervous .
recently however i have discovered that i am somewhat turned on .
typically my girlfriend simply dismisses any passes and so it is difficult to say for sure that i enjoy other men flirting with my girlfriend .
however in order to explore this and also in order to try to be more comfortable with conversations in which another man is competing for my girlfriend 's attention we have decided to have her talk with other men on reddit .
the choice to come to dpp is natural given the purpose of the exploration .
if you would be interested in talking with my girlfriend and with at least some of this occurring in a three-way chat where i can view what is happening although i will not join in very much message me .
it is difficult to describe precisely what my girlfriend is looking for as she is not entirely sure herself .
instead we are hoping for her to casually chat with several people in the hopes that she will have chemistry with a few of them .
are they going to be included for free with the game ?
i 've been putting up some pretty consistent good numbers on my pub matches ...
i 've noticed it last year when apocalypse premiered and i 'm seeing it now again when it 's finally on netflix a lot of people did n't actually watch murder house .
i think it 's a shame because the season was a great start and perhaps the most consistent season of ahs but it seems to be underappreciated by newer fans .
on the other hand i feel like a lot of people including myself have a special spot for mh because it was the introduction to the series .
i have fond memories when i think about that time but i was 17 when i watched it now i 'm almost 26 and tbh i do n't think the season was as brilliant as i initially thought .
it was a stellar one but fans love to 💩 on other seasons acting like ahs was ever a true masterpiece to begin with .
so in a way i think murder house deserves more love while being a bit too overpraised what y'all thinking ?
pngme use a centralized backend to manage our web and mobile apps credit scoring pipeline banking infrastructure and kyc/aml compliance backend .
the gateway to the pngme lending marketplace is our non-custodial web and mobile apps that have user management analytics and portfolio tracking features .
our mobile wallet uses a custom react native implementation of the bread wallet for security and performance
hey lads i 'd love a sanity check on this idea before i take it to playtest
my goal is to come up with a combat-focused resolution mechanic that specifically simulates over commitment and its consequences in a fantasy setting .
the first and last ones are for movement magic it 's not that important for this post .
the middle one contains opposed actions with aggressors acting first .
if any opposing entities are not engaged those have a go after the aggressors and the latter do n't usually get to roll again .
actions in phase two are based on an action rating which can be used freeform hit him with my sword or to activate abilities use a special technique .
to form an action rating players pick and roll a number of d6 up to the value of the character 's relevant stats a sum of 2 static single-digit numbers .
1s add 2 points to the rating everything else adds 1 point .
dice showing 2-6 however remain in the pool and are reused in any following checks .
the higher rating generally succeeds but the lower rating has a chance to add dice for a comeback .
a comeback however can either push their own goal or avoid a bad consequence not both .
so there are at most three rolls two of which happen simultaneously .
the winner of the contest pays the number of dice they last rolled as vigour .
the magnitude of the consequence which depends on the action/ability depends on the combined commitment of both involved entities .
so if pc john '' has a commitment of 2 and npc generic cultist '' has 3 with john winning the contest the generic cultist '' will suffer an effect based on a commitment of 5 .
they can no longer pay for actions they can usually no longer partake in phase 2 .
vigour can be recovered in phase 3 and commitment can be actively reduced if a character has a perk for it .
commitment also comes into play outside of immediate opposition .
an overcommitted ranged attacker who is using cover exposes himself more .
if he 's being shot at it 's not an opposed check instead the commitment he already has affects the outcome .
i like this idea because it adds a choice about risk and resource management .
what do you think are the biggest problems and exploits with this idea ?
and have you seen something like this implemented in a game that i might learn from ?
it sounds a lot like the guitar bit in fill me in by craig david but slowed down .
a recent post of mine bought about many beautiful conversations and we explored a few topics that you ladies said you sometimes struggle to explore !
i want to discuss my sexual history and answer your questions !
let me know in the subject line if you want to share about yours too
too many ladies can be afraid to talk about kinks or to explore their sexuality in full .
but it 's time to dissolve the taboo.. it 's anonymous here so what are you waiting for !
whirlpool refrigerator service center in hyderabad our technicians are well trained and has years of experience repairing and maintaining whirlpool washing machine service center in hyderabad .
if you have a dream to become a lecturer or grow your career in the research field then the ugc net exam is the perfect opportunity for you .
the candidates holding up their pg degrees can apply for ugc net .
nta already released the official notification for the ugc net exam .
according to the notification the online application for the ugc net exam will take place from 2nd to 6th of december .
so you have only three months remaining to prepare for the exam .
below we provide you some essential tips to follow while preparing for the ugc net exam .
it is important for every candidate to know their syllabus thoroughly because it will help you to plan the study time table .
if you know the syllabus you can prioritize the topics according to the marketing weightage .
take mock tests if you seriously want to improve your speed and accuracy then try to solve mock papers as much as you can .
choosing the right study material for preparation is always crucial .
practice as much as you can because practice makes men perfect .
do n't take the stress if you feel stressed or demotivated talk with your friends and family you will feel good and motivated .
people are standing on top of the cage and attacking people .
by doing this they are avoiding the guards because they do n't attack them they ca n't go there .
yes if you report them a gm might come and give then a ‘warning ' .
can you just stop being an asshole and abuse bugs ?
if you 're doing this you 're a coward and an abuser that probably abused layering as well .
either these people stop or gms start issuing bans ...
what do people use to record and edit videos starting to get regular high kill chickens i would like to share see what people think
i 'd sink so goddamn much into it to play as venomus snake kumatora and funky kong .
they do this for miis but not actual fighters ?
when i where and listen to media on my galaxy buds the volume is usually fairly loud close to max where i prefer .
as soon as i disconnect the buds the volume stays loud on my phone forcing me to quickly turn the media volume down if i fire up a game or something that generates media sound .
it 's really annoying and i can not figure the combination of media sync volume or absolute volume .
it seems to remember that i keep my media volume loud via bluetooth but not remembering that i like the media volume low when not on bluetooth .
tl dr lightning bolt too op wins games too easily even at very hard difficulty insane dps already with non-loss cards and game breaking loss cards .
hi all i know the title is a sweeping statement but this is how it feels in my games these days .
a foreword sure i know bard and three spears are also op and bard is close to being the most op character we have been playing so far but three spears which is rated highly in all cases was n't as op to us he was being relegated to a tank position and while the whole game ! he never ever takes a rest ! his impact in the game was just good but not insane as expected .
he has some game breaking mechanisms but it only affected himself .
i 'm level 7 now and my enhancements are strengthen bottom on resolute stand jump on bottom of flurry of axes and fire element on bottom of fatal fury .
i typically bring the two level 1 stuns fatal fury flurry of axes shiny distraction resolute stand break the chains defiance of death burning hatred and devil horns .
my items are major power stamina and health pots and item 106 ! necklace of teeth ! and a battle axe .
i 've got no armor on him yet but i guess i could take some tanky stuff .
firstly unbridled power 2 dmg stun with a conditional 2 dmg with fire is insane so far i 've not seen any basic stun attack do that much dmg .
dazing wound stun is great too 2hp is n't a big deal .
not only that abusing bottom strengthen on resolute stand and shiny distraction is insane it gives you at least 3 rounds per cycle of attacks with advantage .
it 's ok i have advantage so i do n't have to worry too much about missing '' .
not the best atm deck but still very insane .
these cards have insane initiative as well and you usually act fast enough to move in for the kill .
let 's try to get him down to a low enough hp or i have a better idea let me get myself down to the brink of death and i can execute him for a non-loss action .
flurry of axes pretty much fucks up everything in the room it 's used in well it reduces everything to 2/3 or 1/2 health for me but that 's already insane top up with power potion and using it during your strengthened turn just lets you kill everything .
bottom of defiance of death allows you to cheat death so much better than that shitty spellweaver card frost armor .
even better heals work well on him because having more hp saves those anti-death ticks for a better day .
let 's not forget i can heal all the hp i have with from the brink which i do n't actually use .
when you 're done with almost all the enemies in the scenario fighting against the boss is gon na be hard right ?
in comes battle axe-powered resolute stand top where you can basically destroy 1/2 of the boss 's hp in one hit and along with some sad minion next to him .
sure you exhaust really easy with lightning bolt but who cares when you 've been rampaging the whole scenario and everyone 's half-dead ?
the last two scenarios i played which were supposed to be the final few scenarios before the last mission '' in the base game my lightning bolt just rampaged through all the rooms that all my allies needed to do were to do cc stuns disarms etc and clean up after me .
we basically finished scenarios in like one hour each .
even when there was a boss a boss that ! spawns additional stuff like eggs ! a well timed flurry of axes or burning hatred just deals with everything right there .
i love her she 's my favourite character so far but it 's getting to the point where the scenarios we 're playing are not hard enough even at hardest difficulty and we do n't get the fun of the game anymore .
i feel like everyone in this sub hates hotel and i do n't really get why .
i loved the characters especially the countess and tristan and the whole plot pretty much .
if you did n't like it please explain below i 'm very curious !
no primeiro tempo o operário tentou pressionar pelas laterais levaram muito perigo mas nessa parte do jogo quem teve a melhor oportunidade foi a ponte preta apesar de estar cara a cara com o rodrigo viana o roger chutou em cima dele .
no segundo tempo a ponte marcou e em poucos minutos levaram uma virada relâmpago a partir daí a ponte não teve muita força para reagir .
a ponte preta está pior agora do que estava com o jorginho parece mais um ano na série b a caminho enquanto o operário vai ter uma sequência fora para tentar entrar no g4 .
esse foi o jogo do murilo henrique ele começou com chute raspando na trave e depois com precisão marcou gols a distância e frustrou o torcedor do vila que tinha comparecido ao serra dourada .
no segundo tempo o vila estava nervoso enquanto o botafogo apenas administrava lei do ex com o técnico hemerson maria .
no final do jogo uma loja do vila foi incendiada e isso causou 150 mil de prejuízo a parte mais triste é eu ainda vou falar de outro incêndio ainda na mesma rodada .
já o botafogo está 4 jogos sem sofrer gol e voltou a figurar no g4 depois de alguns meses .
no entanto a meta do time continua sendo escapar do rebaixamento .
vou dizer que eu não esperava que o amadeu fosse demitido depois desse jogo só que aconteceu o vitória já teve chamusca tencati osmar loss amadeu e agora geninho tudo isso em apenas um ano .
no primeiro tempo houve muitos erros de passe e três chances claras de gol o são bento aproveitou a sua e o vitória não passou do goleiro/trave .
o tempo de posse de bola rolando foi de 52 .
no segundo tempo o vitória foi mais ofensivo marcou um gol mas foi anulado que serviu para acordar o são bento que fechou a partida ao marcar o segundo .
o vitória tentou reagir mas o renan rocha defendia .
o brasil de pelotas abriu 2x0 mas diminuiu o ritmo e assistiu ao willian popp empatar o jogo .
bastidores do figueirense eutrópio realmente saiu sem conseguir uma vitória e o mais importante o figueirense anunciou a recisão com a empresa elephant !
palmeron saiu do guarani e agora clube figueirense voltou a gerir o futebol após dois anos .
nesse meio tempo o figueirense tentou contratar o gilmar dal pozzo para substituir o eutrópio mas ele recusou o sub-23 do clube deu w.o e aconteceu um incêndio no depósito do orlando scarpelli .
o contrato da parceira entre o figueirense e a elephant era de 20 anos mas durou apenas 2 foram 24 meses obscuros na história do figueirense que vocês podem ver aqui https globoesporte.globo.com/sc/futebol/times/figueirense/noticia/figueirense-e-elephant-a-linha-do-tempo-ate-a-rescisao-contratual.ghtml .
mesmo jogando fora quem tomou inciativa foi o atlético que foi premiado logo cedo .
a reação do criciúma parou no goleiro kozlinski foram muitas chances de empate desperdiçadas e o tigre pagou caro por isso .
primeira derrota do sport na ilha nessa série b foi nessa partida e foi bem-merecido pela atuação horrível o américa se impôs e no segundo tempo em duas bolas paradas marcou os gols da vitória .
o sport tentou responder mas levou pouco perigo e não passou do airton .
11 jogos sem perder do américa uma grande recuperação depois daquele começo péssimo .
após 17 rodadas enfim o bugre saiu do z4 américa vitória e guarani estão todos fora do rebaixamento nessa rodada .
pensei que o guarani iria perder outra chance de sair da degola depois do gol mal anulado que o davó marcou no começo do segundo tempo mas eles conseguiram quebrar a invencibilidade de 6 jogos do paraná assim como os 15 anos sem vencer os mesmos no brinco de ouro .
o primeiro tempo teve muitas faltas 14 do paraná e 6 do guarani e 5 amarelos 3 do paraná e 2 do guarani os visitantes foram um pouco melhores .
no segundo tempo teve jogo já começou com gol anulado do davó o paraná teve espaço mas não aproveitou e viu o bugre marcar .
carpini conseguiu 4 vitórias e 2 derrotas em 6 jogos assim tirando o bugre do z4 .
resposta do bragantino para os dois jogos sem vitória contra concorrentes ao g4 .
os primeiros 15 minutos foram corridos a única chance real foi o belo gol de falta do claudinho .
bragantino não teve nenhum problema em passar da defesa de z4 do londrina e continua no caminho do título .
esse foi o jogo do claudinho que estava retornando de suspensão foi um pesadelo para a defesa do tubarão .
4º derrota seguida do coxa vai virar o londrina se continuar assim .
se o galo começar a vencer no rei pelé com mais frequência é um fortíssimo candidato ao acesso imagine crb x csa na série a .
do começo até o pênalti do cuiabá foi um jogo bem ruim quando o dourado ampliou o oeste teve que tentar buscar o empate mas não passou das defesas do goleiro victor souza .
os três clubes que vieram da série c estão enfileirados na beira do g4 enquanto o quarto é líder .
por causa da péssima condição do gramado cuiabá x coritiba será adiado .
leave through your back door and do not bring a light .
arrive to your destination a quiet calm place far away from other people at exactly 12:30 am .
no buildings cut down trees or anything alike should be around .
hum the same song for them that you hummed when leaving your home .
they will not physically speak to you but you will be able to hear them .
stay calm when they say things or you will scare them away .
if they ask you to sing do not speak but automatically begin singing the song .
they appreciate any singing even if it is n't good .
give them whatever you brought with you by placing it on the ground .
make sure it is far enough away that you ca n't see it .
spend time talking to them telling them stories and complimenting their forest .
they will love hearing you talk as they are very lonely .
whenever you are ready to leave thank them and say your goodbyes .
if you hear them screaming for you to come back do not turn around .
in this video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=bhf83ps7klq destiny chats with a clearly deranged guy who goes on about a variety of wild conspiracy theories for almost two hours .
he claims his name is michael gorlitsky he lives in south carolina and he plays chess as a hobby .
here are the chat logs for this stream you can just ctrl+f the relevant information https overrustlelogs.net/destiny 20chatlog/december 202016/2016-12-31
i was curious if he was still online saying insane shit so i looked up his name and this article https abcnews4.com/news/crime-news/man-charged-with-disturbing-mount-pleasant-school-released-on-500000-bond popped up
michael gorlitsky 31 was released from custody at 4:40 p.m. on monday after posting a 500,000 bond according to the charleston county detention center .
gorlitsky was charged with disturbing schools after an incident on august 21 at carolina park academy .
officers said when he was told by the complainant that the academy was private property gorlitsky responded it 's not like i 'm gon na shoot a bunch of kids .
he is required to be on an electronic monitoring system undergo a mental health evaluation and not have any contact with charleston county schools according to pre-release conditions .
mount pleasant police department said they had disturbing facts about michael gorlitsky trying to purchase firearms and called him an extreme danger to the community '' in court last week .
after reading this i was 99 sure it was the same michael gorlitsky from the video but i did a little more digging and found this article https charlestonchess.org/2016/05/26/ccc-championship-results on the 'charleston chess club ' website which names michael gorlitsky as a competitor .
so unless there is another michael gorlitsky from south carolina who plays chess and is insane this is the same guy destiny chatted with .
he kept mentioning how his parents had a herb business so i tried to find that too and found a website apparently dedicated to taking down a south carolina veterinarian named 'stan gorlitsky ' who received so many complaints that he was forced to retire after having his license suspended for a year .
and written on this site ... to the best of my knowledge he no longer practices veterinary medicine anywhere .
he splits his time between his homes in south carolina and florida and maintains a website where he sells his holistic remedies for various pet ailments . ''
so yes this face https i.imgur.com/deweiwh.jpg is without a doubt the one that belongs to the infamous illuminati theorist .
hello and welcome to the official subreddit of the most intellectually advanced cricket .
streams are on tuesday wednesday thursday friday and sunday .
but there is n't many guides of for tank/support pvp .
i currently have leeching resilient yokeda and lord warden .
back bar is resto staff and front bar is sword and board with mystic guard .
if i stick with a good dps we usually do well in bg .
just looking for a guide to see where i can improve with this type of build .
because that would bypass duo being mandatory on login from office 365 .
because if i do n't u should because it feels really warm
our band terminalist recently debut'ed our ep abandon all liberties on streaming services and bandcamp .
we 're keen to get some feedback on the music and/or mix since we recorded and mixed it ourselves .
we 're currently writing and demo'ing new songs and would appreciate some feedback from you guys !
the style is thrash metal with some elements from black metal .
listen to 🌺 low flora 🌺 by thrills on soundcloud
ships like the nautilus and mantis have a very specific purpose and i ca n't see how these ships are fun to play with .
in the past ships had a full gameplay loop attached to them like the prospector reclaimer crucible etc .
but is minelaying or interdicting supposed to be a profession ?
i know the design docs restricted cig and are not compatible with how they develop now but at least they gave us an idea what to expect .
i recently managed to get i3 running with my kde setup on manjaro thanks to this subreddit so i will come back here .
ever since it worked it did n't work 100 .
if i login into the kde w i3 xsession the desktop is running as a floating window .
i need to kill that window or at least move it to another workspace in order to be able to access anything .
as already mentioned in the previous post the background also remains the sddm screen .
i can even see the last digit of my password .
i so far tried to search the net for my problem but did n't know how to put it into words .
also i tried to change parts of the i3 config to prevent the desktop '' from floating but that did n't work either .
i will attach a picture to show you what the problem is the upper picture shows the floating desktop '' the lower shows the remaining sddm background .
e2 my i3config can be found here it is unchanged for the most parts https pastebin.com/db8czhxd https pastebin.com/db8czhxd
i guarantee someone on here has already said this but whatever i 'll say it again .
pineapple on pizza is the best topping for a pizza .
the sweet and savory just mmmhmhmm it 's a perfect combo and i dont understand why so many people are so against it and even pineapple in general
i was changing my rear tire and ended up losing the stick which holds the wheel into place .
i just build gnembon 's design mob farm in my 1.14.4 survival world
i build this 30 blocks above y63 if i afk under the tower no mobs will spawn but if i afk away from the tower did not count exactly how many blocks away mobs starts to spawn .
raid passes ? how you guys get so many passes ... returning player here btw
i returned to pokemon go this week and caught a shiny mewto on second raid ... but raid pases per day sucks ... and ppl are talking about multiple raid pases in one day ..i dont get the idea ..anyone feel free to explain me the situation ... or multiple pases are availble on event raid days like that cancelled mewto raid event of 2 hrs ... plz explain ..really appreciate you
so now we have an update on the orruk warclans and how we can now fuse the two armies ironjawz bonesplitterz .
given the waagh points and abilities of each army what would you guys run in a mixed army ?
as the iron islands has been extremely bored waiting for something darvon drumm is throwing the tournament he was planning on holding at castle drumm
had a weird situation today while trying to purchase new phone .
we were in middle of order phone in box on table and rep got kicked out .
he logs back in and it says he ca n't sell the phone because it 's not in stock even though it 's physically sitting in front of us .
i also see the online store will no longer let me select that specific mode .
they said it 's an at t-wise issue today .
i 'm in group therapy half the day and in ic every other week yet i still feel so empty .
so i played a 500 pt game against death guard last week and lets just say it was a lot of plasma bouncing off armor and tau dying .
his list was special character with the scythe the tank with the mortar a couple troops .
i bought 3 small squads of fws a ethereal ghost keel 2 squad of pathfinders 1 squad of breachers .
admittedly this was a friendly list and was n't looking to cheese anything hence the ghost keel 2 crisis suits one with burst cannons 1 with plasma .
i do n't remember my list perfectly as i 'm at work .
what i remember is my entire arsenal being ineffective at dealing wounds except for the cyclic ion raker with performed well above my expectations .
and how do i deal with them at that points level and in general ?
the person i was responding to was speaking in general .
i am speaking directly about murders and since establishing that he and i have been discussing that specific topic .
and i disagree with ops premise that anyone like drunk drivers should get life in prison .
you had our offense except for a dumb/iffy penalty .
literally reposted this after it was removed for breaking the pull post rules .
not usually the type for jumping on the ban comment bandwagon but this person is on another level .
having a dick absolutely makes it okay to piss in the sink .
you arent supposed to post that here you are supposed to put it in the feedback thread .
and the beat isnt too good tbh 808 is off key and vocal chop doesnt work .
the race is happening now ... the election is in 2020
it is because his wife does n't get a performance bonus for her work and they decided that his earnings belong to both of them and not to him alone .
his bonus could have been used for something that would benefit the whole family but he spent it on a personal wish .
the fact that it is bonus money does n't matter .
it would be different if the two had agreed that his bonus is his to spend as he wishes .
but they had n't so it is n't any different to any other money .
i used 'stealing ' not in a legal sense but in a moral sense .
because he took a significant amount of money that also belonged to another person and spent it without the other person 's consent and not for that person 's benefit but only for himself .
even though i understood from your response that you do n't actually want an explanation i still hope you read this and might be able to see my point even i you do n't agree .
a lot of rescues can have a history of abuse and it makes them very skittish .
it just serves as a reminder that you need to effectively socialize your dog human at a young age lest they become standoffish in their later years .
make sure your human has opportunities to interact with other humans it 's good for them .
yeah but democrats refuse to do anything about the nazis enable the status quo and helped create the circumstances for the rise of far right extremism .
thats why you go to a gun store and have them run it for you .
same happens when you buy a gun online it gets shipped to the mearest gun dealer and they run the bg check and if you fail you get no gun .
quit spreading lies you obviously dont know what you 're talking about
also gun shows literally have a booth just for background checks
sunday is hit and miss for me due to work and my fraternity .
during the week is best for me but i 'll see what can be done after we settle on a time
this made me chuckle and also doing this reminded me how much i definitely do n't need this palette because i have his and the formula in these big palettes is n't much better than morphe .
i will accept nothing but a train simulator as the core gameplay of the next cod game .
anything less will be considered a retread if past cod titles .
well i 'm never getting that 30 seconds of my life back
of course mainly need it for tagging enemies at crowded events lol
i think they each had a 4 year run .
if you like those sector mechanicus style bases you might want to pick a few of these up .
let 's you turn any sized base into one with some green stuff .
as ever redditors try to prove a point on a technicality .
playing in a pivot does not mean you 're not a dm .
i mean the fact that you 're asking to door sit and not even help with drawing aggro or something useful does n't exactly turn people onto the idea .
also they spelled losers '' right instead of saying loosers '' so they get a lot of points for that
i felt like i avoided the truth in certain areas to keep from hurting her but i 'm reality it was because i did n't want to deal with it or have her leave me .
though i ended up leaving her she did have a horrible anger issue and it dealt mostly with me smoking weed not cheating thankfully .
seriously though i really like the clean lines and neat feel of it .
we have hardwood but until we put down some rugs with pads my feet would hurt at the end of the day walking on it .
question what would the difference be between a solar panel lying horizontal on the equator or a solar panel standing vertically on a pole ?
obviously there 's more atmosphere but would that cause a significant loss on mars ?
mi is a beautiful state once you get out of detroit .
you need to go outside man conservatives fucking love trump hardcore and they vote .
all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
see reality fiction https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a reality+fiction restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all and simple prompts https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a simple+prompt restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all for stricter titles
be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback and follow the rules https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/writingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
and if you add in all service members since ww1 that percentage gets much much much smaller .
its probably because of the ending of the lie detector episode .
i know you have some great boobs but i want more of this👅👅👅👅
i 'm pretty sure once they 're maxed out they all give the same rewards for 3x food .
if you lie to the party the entire campaign and tell them this is how this works then when it comes time you say actually no i lied this does not work you should have tried harder somewhere else the party is going to feel cheated .
i mean young link can swim indefinitely while toon link ca n't .
where is it written that bacon has to be crispy ?
my grilled 2 thick slices stacked bacon is n't crunchy but it does go down good .
it only takes a few minutes and no cleanup mess in the kitchen .
i do a pack at a time and reheat in the microwave as needed .
you act like the fans have a lot of say in how the program turns out .
like if we all collectively wanted to be great we could just will it into existence despite the fact that none of us really have a direct hand in the program .
yeap he could have fucking prevent this but he is still too stubborn to make changes especially about xhaka and playing from the back
as my dm would say ... not just no fuck no . ''
and that 's a super chill dm with 30 years experience that let 's you do some op fun stuff at times too .
one of the greatest things i 've ever seen .
let 's get a big f in the chat for our fallen brother red .
how about do n't talk to him about religion at all ?
great stop by the d after having some bad momentum .
ah yes whenever someone steps on my nuts i get a headache as well
the people in this photo and countless other protests like it are citing civil rights and segregation two things that tend to allude to the struggles of black people but the crowd is full of white people .
no one is saying that white people as some collective hivemind are anti-vaxx or that white people as a whole are to blame .
the comment is more about the irony of the situation .
they 're calling this segregation as if mandatory vaccinations are on par with jim crow laws but they 're just a pack of ignorant white people who probably have n't experienced anything quite like that .
try to find out if god wants you to try to sort things out or to find another church .
i think it 's best to try to sort things out .
getting through it together can strengthen ur relationship with the others there but if that does n't work then leave .
find somewhere where u can truly feel god 's presence through the people of the church .
the other night i saw some crazy hieroglyphics in a sub breakthrough on dmt open eye visuals .
was some crazy vivid math symbols flying across my plane of view
it is literally the next line of the song .
if you dont do it you have to cycle through the other zoom and it gives you more control over when you scope
good i doubt there are many people who actually think it is true i mean to think that everyone could possibly fit into a certain character type because of when they were born would be pretty weird .
i get what you are trying to say and even though i see the truth in it passing is still super important to me personally .
i live in a country that is pretty hostile to lgbt people a couple of my friends tried to go out without passing and got harrassed constantly thankfully just verbally .
in most people 's minds here trans people just equals sex worker and they just treat you like a fetishist .
i know it 's not my fault that society is prejudiced but i kinda got scared into thinking passing is the most important thing for me to do for my safety .
one week from today i will show up with your surrogate cum slut .
i 've already begun fucking her and filling her .
i 'm a little older now and could only go three times today and since the prostate surgery my output/volume is a little down .
i quickly realized i needed help so i reached out to some old rugby buddies .
at the moment they are taking turns filling her .
as one pulls out the next goes right in .
there are only 5 of us here now so if we have to take a break i 'll slide a plug in .
as time goes by and these guys need to go to work i will bring in a new batch .
as i see it i 'll stretch you out when we get there and the the scissoring transfer will begin
okay i 've set up a review site on wordpress https forgottentreasuresstrangefinds.wordpress.com .
i have a lot of reviews to dig up and transcribe and update but i have the first one up already .
yes you could but like everything you 'll need to learn to recover with a character to really do well .
and the beast way to learn is to die .
play a friend and every time he 's off the level chase edge guard ledge trap go for suicides .
just get off the level die learn what you can get away with and what you ca n't .
learn who can block attempts to kill them and what you can adapt to .
i suggest jumping off the level with chrom and trying to go low as possible while recovering to get a feel .
and set your damage to 80 and set the cpu to smash to practice recovering airdoge first to jump to recovery move to give yourself more options with a pretty bad recovery
i mean it 's personal preference so you have to respect other opinions .
they 'll come in leave a few nonsensical comments make a snappy retort and then when presented with hard evidence stop responding and move on and repeat the whole process
if he does actually getting lucky with a girl it sounds like he has nothing to worry about lol
do n't look like and smell like shit when making deliveries .
would you tip some fat greasy neckbeard who has n't showered in 3 days or someone who dresses and smells like they actually care about themselves ?
do n't see a drop till mid january as this quarter 's reports are released
i 've reinstalled it already like 10 times it did n't work
that 's the first thing which comes to mind .
the other thing it might be is a bad voltage from the psu on one of the rails .
you can get power on one or two of the other lines but might be missing a critical voltage .
you can test that with a multimeter but on a brand new build this is not likely to be the problem .
this team will be lucky to win 4 games this season ...
but i 've been sick a long time and the doctor today had no idea what tf is going on other than it probably being some obscure virus. and then i asked so basically i 'm just going to be sick until i 'm better or sick until i 'm dead ? and he laughed and kinda nodded so i mean .
it 's very likely that a large portion of trump 's wealth is derived from loans from vladimir putin which he has never had to pay back .
if trump is modifying u.s. foreign policy or our strategic stance to benefit a hostile foreign power in exchange for personal debt forgiveness ... that 's a paddlin' .
have you spoken to those you bullied when you 've seen them ?
or is it more seeing them from a distance ?
also might wan na stuff the back side of the log hide where it touches the glass with substrate .
yup also i forgot to mention this but somewhere in the film it 's pointed out that some kids were playing a game called skin the fool.
also unrelated but interesting detail i saw on twitter earlier
yeah ... i literally saw not one beak in his after pictures obviously he posts good results .
the pic he took of me right after in the or had the slightest upturned tip .
hopefully under the swelling that 's what i will get .
did your doctor show you any operating room pictures he took after his work ?
went from a 1080p 144hz monitor w a ryzen 1600x 16gb ram and a rx480 8gb to a 2440x1080 144hz ips gsync display ryzen 3700x 32 gb ram and a rtx 2080 .
i always did this with the fingertip not the nail
so we get the intros and about five moves before they cut to more commericals .
what does the malay had to do anything with muslim ?
yup that 's that disability scamming i 'm talking about lol .
saw so much of that when i was in shit hole states dealing with hyper conservative lay abouts with drug problems .
i 'm actually a city slicker to the likes of you .
but even if i was in the suburbs i 'd still be proud that my burbs were leaps and bounds better than the dying or dead rural country towns .
i do n't get how being from a good area is a bad thing to you conservatives at the same time you hoot and holler about how other countries are shit holes .
now if we can get seth cured of the cena/reigns virus we 're off to the races and raw starts becoming mainstream again
just brush it off as bad start to the season ...
hes so sweet and cute so small spoil him lots for me please and give him huggies from me
the top of the legs say lego so i know its real
give her a debit card a reasonable spending limit like say the cost of 5 days of wrestling stadium food etc unlimited data on her phone and a list of 'shit you are not allowed to do ' and let her make her own fun .
i could do so much with very little money in nyc .
literally anything would be better than being forced to endure 5 days of something you hated .
leaving her at the hotel is the bare minimum of decency they could have done .
honestly i do n't think this family has done even that for this girl .
one day would be understandable miserable but endurable but this is just ... cruel to her .
mgs2 did the zapping system the best is ever been done .
trust me i 'm not mad about anything i make plenty with a legitimate job .
reddit has been known for people getting busted it 's really easy to track someone down .
that 's why i called you a dumb ass .
there are better more creative ways to find what you 're looking for doing so like this will ensure you get custied .
and if you 're unlucky tracked and then caught .
did you assign a flair https www.reddit.com/r/just2good/comments/an1fo2/properly_flair_your_posts_if_you_want_to_be_in to your post ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/just2good if you have any questions or concerns .
without meeting you it is something that is impossible to critique .
pick someone you think of as a role model and emulate them .
uber to trillium in the seaport for the best beer available and good food too .
fenway is sports bar oriented but check out tony cs for sunday football .
unless you read the dirtsheets then you 're an elite memeber of the cognoscente
spirits fun but you said you dont like her so i recommend michael .
plus you get object of obsession which is a fun challenge perk
i think it would absolutely be ok for her probably the more witnesses the better
it 's not the most common studio i visit because it 's the wrong direction for me .
i usually go to 57th and w 73rd but i 'll venture downtown if there 's a class/teacher combination i like .
do n't mind if i do may i spank you mmmm
i understand that but yugioh is really an excellent card game for budget players now moreso than ever .
dozens of decks are playable with frequent easily accessible reprints of staple cards in product like gold sarc and the upcoming duel devastators and the use of structure decks to develop powerful rogue and even competitive decks like salamangreat or endymion means that competitive yugioh is available now more than ever to more casual or budget-based players .
i understand that some cards can be quite expensive but yugioh is a competitive game and there will always be a high price for the uber competitive cards .
what yugioh offers is exceptional alternatives for budget players allowing poor college students like myself to play dozens of potential strong decks on a budget and succeed .
i just finished speaking with a friend who has maybe 10 dollars a week left over for hobbies about how they could get into yugioh and offered a variety of decks with various play styles and strategies at extremely affordable prices including decks like zombie endymion strikers salamangreats crusadia prank-kids and subterror .
all of these are decks that can be put together on a budget of 50-75 dollars to be powerful and consistent enough to play at locals utilizing the decades of effective staples yugioh has access to that other card games with set rotations do n't as well as upgraded to be competitively effective for another 50-75 dollars and some of these are flat out the best decks of the format .
i get that there 's sentiment that konami just wants pack hunters looking for expensive chase cards but there are powerful cheap options specifically designed to allow budget players access to legitimate and competitive yugioh and i think ignoring that does a disservice to the yugioh community by spreading the now-incorrect ideology that yugioh is inaccessible to newcomers expensive to play beyond a casual setting .
i think i am my current gf and i were introduced because our mutual friend always saying that we were the exact same person and wanted us to meet
people have been saying that for hundreds of years and they keep being wrong
i can handle most physical symptoms but once i start to feel like i 'm not there i get insanely uncomfortable and ca n't enjoy myself whatsoever if you 've experienced this how do you guys cope ?
i have a random question for anyone who may know and is more tech savvy than me i 'm trying to integrate the driver 's app into a 3rd party app for purposes of it being displayed on my car 's head unit .
caros it 's stupid that it has n't been updated to work with carplay and android auto given the fact that most states are hands-free .
but i digress ... the question being does anyone know if the drivers app has a urls ?
i know it is deployed a little differently rather than just a app-store download but was n't sure if it still had that trait and i need it to be able to add it to the os and then can keep my phone in my pocket rather than looking at both and potentially avoid a ticket or accident from the constant looking at my phone for the 3000 clicks it takes just to accept the order 🙄 .
anyway any help or insight anyone may have i 'd appreciate it .
currently not in canada because i 'm on vacation .
randomly checked my email and someone changed my walmart account email to theirs .
then i logged in immediately to my walmart account using their new email .
i later tried logging in on another device and they changed the password .
they bought a 500 item with my credit card linked to the account .
i immediately cancelled the order and deleted all payment and changed address details to a fake address .
for their order it was gon na be sent to a shoppers drug mart a pick up location near my old home with my name attached .
they should n't have been able to even pick up the item regardless .
i took off my only credit card so it 's not like they can re-do the order .
i 've emailed walmart about it but no response yet .
is it possible for the hacker to tell walmart to keep going through with the order or nah ?
i was wondering if anybody knew whether annual fees are waived for member of the national guard ?
i see a lot of cards waive fees for active military but not sure if that applies to ng members not on ados or title 10 .
he just told me this about 2 hours ago .
i explained to him that wfg is basically a mlm scheme but he wo n't listen to me even though just earlier this year i had a friend have me join wfg .
he keeps insisting that he 'll just leave once he feels like something 's fishy but i think that 's gon na be way too late since he 's already hooked on the idea of becoming an agent .
should i let him figure it out himself or keep arguing with him to not take the offer for this business opportunity ?
from what i understand transamerica is n't a mlm and is a legitimate company ?
if they are a legit company why are they working with crappy life insurance pyramid scheme ?
if someone can clarify above it would be greatly appreciated .
mutef u`plinking crispiness embourgeoisement sleepward nonrealism semiphi`lologist t`arpeian sanguinous gastriloquous vou**chered against nataka roccellin nonascen^dantly conformant coq uet confe^ctionery synthetist acum
my mind is calm anxiety and depression are fairly subdued .
just want to chill and do n't feel guilty doing so !
it 's no mystery to me now as to why the fda and big pharma dont want this available to the public .
39 m veteran who has become so self isolated due to issues in service that i 've become agoraphobic and it 's terrifying .
i do n't like the feeling of dread i get when i even think of interacting with society .
i have a lot of self hate in me due to things i have done and the moral issues arising from combat .
i struggle to find peace in this life and i have heard from my therapist over and over that i am not alone in this so are you in a dark place do you feel alone in life reach out and let 's talk !
let 's find connection in the stuff behind the masks we wear .
i can offer you an ear to listen a shoulder to cry on and support and encouragement in whatever you are going through .
i am a night owl and usually up until the wee hours so hit me up on chat or dms and let 's figure this whole life thing out because i can only stare at these walls for so much longer .
is it possible to use an existing amazon account not prime when signing up for the free amazon prime with the 60 plan ?
i have lived as a transman for over 10 years .
now i 'm starting t soon and have come to question my identity .
is there a place where it 's easy to find information about being queer or bigender or enby or anything not binary ?
to protect myself and be accepted i have had to act really binary to make people respect me and my identity .
now i feel that i should look into it more .
i have kinda thought that there is only 3 genders and identities female male and agender intersex being a medical disorder
being bigender or genderqueer just feels not real '' and that someone just came up with it because they ca n't decide and are confused .
but that 's probably just because i myself think that i could never be accepted as one and try to hide in my egg .
sorry for the background sound recorded when my mom was talking https reddit.com/link/d9x04i/video/xty3jco2b3p31/player
the uk banking industry stopped £820 million in unauthorised fraud in the first half of 2019 an increase of 14 from 2018 according to fraud statistics released by trade association uk finance .
banks and financial institutions managed to stop £4.5 million worth of fraudulent payments every day over the first six months of the year .
despite this criminals still managed to get away with £616 million with £208 million of that figure lost due to authorised push payments app fraud .
banks managed to stop £4.5 million worth of fraudulent payments every day over the first six months
customer details are being stolen through data breaches at third parties outside the financial sector says uk finance while sophisticated attacks are being used to steal card data when consumers are shopping online .
total losses due to unauthorised fraud across payment cards remote banking and cheques in the first half of 2019 amounted to £408 million up 2 on the same period in 2018 .
the finance industry is constantly investing in advanced security systems to protect customers from this threat while helping law enforcement to apprehend and disrupt the criminals responsible says katy worobec managing director of economic crime at uk finance .
however criminals are continuing to exploit vulnerabilities outside the financial sector to obtain customers ' data that is then used to commit fraud .
we all have a responsibility to work together including online retailers and social media companies to beat the fraudsters and keep customers ' data secure.
a total of £208 million was lost to app fraud split between personal £147 million and business £61 million accounts .
financial providers were able to return a total of £39.3 million of the losses to victims split between personal £25.6 million and business £13.6 million accounts .
we know app scams can have a devastating impact on the people who fall victim says chris hemsley managing director of the payment systems regulator in an emailed statement .
that 's why the new industry code which came into force at the end of may this year is so important in giving people protections they 've never had before .
today 's report demonstrates why the industry needs to continue driving forward other initiatives to stop frauds from happening in the first place – and confirmation of payee will be one of those important additional steps to protecting people.
need empty pods to refill mine are starting to get burnt .
the guys talk a lot about subverting expectations but which film did it best ?
low-pop civ13 is insanity incarnate due to the fact that no admins are on so therefore some less unsightly '' tactics that normally are banned crop up a prime example would be the wood club meta and if your lucky enough to get leather for a whip then its that instead .
what i mean by that is the wood clubs are super easy to make at the cost of 4 wood .
it has a high chance to knock someone down and stun and does decent amounts of damage and breaks armor super fast .
the meta currently on the medieval and earlier maps is to run naked with either a club or whip which acts similar minus the armor breaking but with bleed damage .
a similar meta for hostage modern era map is to go naked with a flashbang and incen nade which was banned due to the fact that it was absurdly op like how in earlier versions of the map did not have the barrier preventing terrorists from entering the american base thus the suicide vest+motorcycle meta
pictured above is me with a whip and shield in tattered remains of knight armor from surviving multiple waves of club men on a 4-5 person round as a frenchie .
i know it 's vain and self centered to care so much about such a cosmetic thing when there are real issues in the world that people face but it does n't make it any easier to accept the reality .
i see people post about being depressed that they 're balding in their mid-20s and it 's more of a gut punch than anything .
it makes me feel so uncomfortable when i look in the mirror and realize it .
like it or not it 's such a part of anyone 's overall appearance and i 'd bet no one not already bald would be on board if you asked them to just cut all their hair off .
balding is something that should happen to old men really .
not someone who ca n't even grow a semblance of facial hair lol .
i did n't even hit puberty until i was 16 so i thought i 'd at least not have to worry about this since my brothers also balded young .
i 'm not going to risk fucking up my brain or dick with finasteride and it 's not like i have money i can throw at other treatments '' that probably wo n't do shit .
i 'm not ready to accept the inevitable either and my hair is n't so bad that i have to cut it off yet .
but it 's definitely getting worse and i notice more hairs falling out .
i have so much i dislike about myself and my appearance but my thick nice hair was the one thing i liked .
wish i did n't have to worry about such a dumb thing ...
the candidates who bag this latest certification win an amazing career opportunity .
we here at pass4surekey.com provide the most authentic and comprehensive exam material for the preparation .
we have the experienced professional team who design the useful cap dumps https www.pass4surekey.com/exam/cap.html .
our prime is focus is to help everybody to get success at first try .
for that purpose our team works really hard to make cap exam dumps a big hit .
you might have come across study materials in life which are very lengthy and bogus .
we make sure that no body loses their interest while preparation .
we think from the students ' perspective and make our cap braindumps in an easily understandable manner .
we assure that you will get success after using it .
to appear in the exam confidently the key is to give proper time to preparation .
we are not saying that spend long hours to study .
simply give focused and quality time to cap study material and also our study material is designed with perfection so you will not have any issues to get the concepts .
we add the course content according to latest requirements .
we believe that unnecessary topics are just a waste of time and must not be added in the course .
you will experience that your every single penny is well utilized when you study from our exceptional learning guide .
we know that your hard-earned money is very precious we wo n't want to destroy it .
we provide question answers with details which serve to be a great way to increase and enhance skills .
we design cap exam questions based on the pattern of actual exam .
when you go through them again and again your confidence will be boosted .
learn as much as you can before appearing in the actual exam .
no one can stop you to get a successful career .
our practice questions will help you nullify the exam related concerns .
you will learn from your mistakes and you will be loaded with great information and knowledge .
after using it you can perform in a much better way in the real exam .
once you choose us it is our responsibility to give the maximum benefits to you to make you successful .
our product wo n't disappoint you in any way .
our clients database is very strong and is from all parts of the world .
we continue to make our products even more useful day by day .
we try to meet the expectations of clients in every possible way .
try us and be a part of successful people .
buy our amazing product and get a royal road towards success .
whenever you need help during preparation feel free to contact our customer services team and get instant solution to your problems .
at this point 14 nova her dark side came out at this time she would skip church sit out side smoke her ciggrates not doing what people tell her to do be came an addiction with in it self this is the time where she turned in to a women flicking off the world summer school every year but to tell you this would be the freest time of her life god it self soo good selfishly but she meant the love of her life this summer walking in his house with a bum for a bf he did n't last long she was n't a ho was n't easy to get in the bed but luke man he was a freak some one soo different from what she was dating he could rap draw arts all around he like to try everything just like nova but more so it was love at first sight blue/green dark red hair hiding at his ruts ... . ripped but not meat head ripped like fit tall hmmmm ... hazel eyes that could melt your heart walked her out to his back yard nice blue pool a joint bigger then any blunt she has ever seen but really the way he talked soo chill like i known him before in another life ... ..he was there for her as a friend for a good minute but the bf at the time jumped ship when he found out she was n't like that not ready for that yet not ready for opening up to a person like that she always though that should be for someone you truly love not just anyone ... ..
my boyfriend 36m is a diehard west coast eagles supporter has been since age 6 .
he does not come from a big footy family but loves his eagles .
i was never one much for australian rules football however i do like my english premier league liverpool fan born and bred but i always supported wce out of solidarity for my boyfriend .
we have been together for four years but were good friends before that and he was the one who really got me into afl much to the chagrin of my non-sports fan friends .
with the afl premiership 2019 today and all the memes around the greater west sydney giants a relatively new team i really caught onto their club song it 's fun and catchy and i 'm seriously thinking of making them my team '' .
boyfriend does n't understand why i would switch teams over a song .
worth noting we both concede that wce has a pretty weak song it 's bad .
but in my defense i was never a big afl fan to begin with and as far as i 'm concerned a catchy club song is as good a reason as any to support a team especially considering i was never that much of an afl follower to start with .
do i go with the new team with the better club song or stay loyal to my boyfriend 's team ?
tl dr i 'm thinking of switching my afl team alliance over a club song .
i am a homeowner in a subdivision that is being managed by an hoa company living in nc .
i heard from my neighbor that they are trying to dissolve our common property land and that they have listed in the market and is showing under contract show in under 3 days for under 60k .
my neighbor forwarded me the email which they received from the hoa .
it seems like they did selective emailing regarding who received this email .
the sign listed by the agent was very deceiving as well in the way that it did not indicate that it was the lot for sale or any information besides the agent name and was placed alongside the rest of the for sale signs which are for other homes in the area .
it seems like an inside job since the sign did not indicate any information that this lot was for sale and went into under contract status in less than 2 days .
i was interested in the property as a homeowner here once i heard that it was for sale .
the board is recommending a proposal to dissolve subdivision name subdivision 's owner 's association .
the process to do this would involve transferring the common property out of the association 's name and terminating submission to the planned community act both of which involve the approval of eighty percent 80 of the members .
the board 's recommendation is based primarily on the following factors
low value in terms of benefits to members for assessments paid .
the declaration of terms conditions restrictions and protective covenants for the meadows of bradley branch and the bylaws are both silent regarding the termination of the planned community so the nc statute governs solely .
the nc statute 47f planned community act requires that termination of a planned community 47f-2-118 attached follow specific steps including a vote of approval from at least 80 of the registered homeowners an executed and recorded termination agreement and settlement of assets to homeowners following final termination .
it further provides conditions for either the sale of common property by the association as a condition of the termination or the vesting of the common property to all homeowners according to their proportional interest .
here is a general timeline of what to expect during this process
completed the board will engage services of appraiser and realtor to determine values and list common properties .
this notification to homeowners of intent to terminate planned community status .
a town hall meeting to discuss the proposal and answer any questions on october 1 2019 .
upon accepted offers on both parcels the association will conduct a ballot by mail for owners to vote on the terms of the sale and termination of the association .
if the proposal is approved the termination will become official upon successful transfer of the properties and the recording of a document .
shortly thereafter the proceeds of the sale will be distributed evenly to homeowners and any remaining operating funds will be disbursed to homeowners as required .
the parcel near the entrance parcel one will be listed in mls on tuesday september 24th for 60,000.00 .
it is suitable for building an additional residential property .
the wooded parcel along street rd was evaluated and determined to have a value too minor to justify the cost of a formal appraisal or listing with real estate agent .
the parcel is not suited to accommodate any building .
the board is searching for anyone who would be interested in acquiring this property in exchange for paying all the associated costs of transfer .
any owner having interest in acquiring either property should notify named blocked nameblocked gmail.com our association manager at r and p property managers or realtor name listing realtor for parcel one realtor gmail.com
a town hall meeting will be held tuesday october 1st at 6:00pm at r and p property managers address city state zip code .
we will discuss the proposal and answer any questions you may have at this informal meeting .
how can the common area property alongside the main street in the entrance be listed for sale by the hoa and be under contract without getting the votes first 80 ?
i am talking with my neighbors and it seems that the majority are against dissolving the hoa but it seems like they have n't sent this email to everybody with me being one of the people who did n't even get the notice .
if i am interested in the property do i have a priority in purchasing right and be able to purchase this ahead of the general public ?
it 's king of new york lookin ' for the queen
murda on the beat so it 's not nice !
her name keke she eat my dick like it 's free free
i do n't even know like why i did that ? ''
i do n't even know like why i hit that ? ''
all i know is that i just ca n't wife that
talk to her nice so she wo n't fight back
turn around and hit it from the back back back
bend her down then i make it clap clap clap
draco got that kick-back when i blow that they all do track
they do n't shoot back one shot close range red dot
head tight yeah i did that yeah i live that
call a uber with my shooter with a ruger we gon ' do ya
niggas say they killin ' people but i really fuckin ' do it
word to a ap keep me rocky i 'm from new york so i 'm cocky
say he fuckin ' with my posse copped me chloé like kardashi '
keep this pussy in versace said i 'm pretty like tinashe
put-put it all up in his face did i catch a case ?
pussy game just caught a body but i never leave a trace
face is pretty ass for days i get chips i ask for lay 's
i just sit back and when he done i be like yo how 'd it taste ? ''
when it kick-back you ca n't get yo shit back
i hate small talk i do n't fuck with chit-chat ''
so they hit me told me bring my wrist back
that got all these bitches like yo what 's that ? ''
i do n't really want no friends my old ho just bought this benz
nicki just hopped in this shit now i wo n't see that bitch again
if she ai n't fuckin ' me and nicki no
i do n't really want no friends i do n't really want no friends no
i do n't really want no friends i do n't really want no friends no
it 's not because i did n't wan na go it was because i literally know nobody in my school .
i was eating cereal earlier and when i finished i laid down and i think inhaled one piece of cereal .
i took a really deep breath but i 'm not sure if i really inhaled it because would n't i start coughing ?
or did i take a breath that was so powerful it inhaled the food deep down and withut any trouble ?
i could feel that the cereal was there somewhere in my airway but it could be just my panicked mind not thinking straight .
i freaked out a little and decided that it 's worth to cough a little just in case i really inhaled the piece so i started coughing really hard i found an yt video where a man explains how to cought to clean your libs properly so i coughed like that .
i do n't think i coughed out anything but my left lung started hurting not long after that .
at the beginning i thought that it 's because of the powerful coughing and went sleep but it woke me up just before a while and it hurt very much i woke up with a silent scream .
it hurts the most in the back and pain is bigger when i move my body or take a deep breath .
so is it because of the cereal or i 'm just panicked and it 's because i coughed hard ?
it 's first time ever i experienced a lung pain .
i currently own a pair of ultraboost 4.0s which are a size uk 10 us 11.5 .
i 've seen a pair of yeezy 700s which i 'm considering purchasing and i 'm just wondering what size would be best .
i personally like don he 's the most normal dude there is in this crazy world
i need a chest protector and was hoping you all had a brand you 'd recommend .
i 'm originally from virginia and have a valid drivers license from virginia .
just moved to nc and will be applying for a north carolina drivers license .
nc dmv website says written and driving tests may be waived .
it does not say for what conditions that may be true .
does anybody know if i have to take any tests road rules traffic signs etc .
four years ago sanders said https thehill.com/policy/national-security/252270-sanders-i-wouldnt-end-drone-program there are times and places where drones have been absolutely counter-effective and have caused more problems than they have solved .
when you kill innocent people what the end result is that people in the region become anti-american who otherwise would not have been. a month later sanders criticized https www.nbcnews.com/meet-the-press/meet-press-transcript-october-11-2015-n442476 us drone strikes that blow up a facility or a building which kills women and children as being terrible and counterproductive although he said he 'd be comfortable with using drones if we 'd isolated an important terrorist .
in 2016 he said https www.latimes.com/opinion/editorials/la-ed-bernie-sanders-editorial-board-20160323-snap-story.html about drones they 've done some terrible things which have been counterproductive to the united states. in 2017 he again called out https www.vox.com/world/2017/9/21/16345600/bernie-sanders-full-text-transcript-foreign-policy-speech-westminster america for using drone strikes and other airstrikes that often result in high civilian casualties.
most recently in july 2019 sanders said https www.nytimes.com/interactive/2019/us/politics/bernie-sanders-executive-power.html it 's clear that the use of drone strikes lacks meaningful accountability and has occurred without sufficient explanation of their legality. in the same statement he said the cia must not be able to use drones .
so it 's obvious that of all the candidates he 's the one most opposed to cia drone strikes and literally said the cia should not do drone strikes .
even apart from the drone issue sanders is also the only major candidate who opposes the patriot act .
in july 2019 he said the warrantless wiretapping program was obviously illegal and did not even work and said he was proud to vote against the usa patriot act in the house and against the fisa amendments act of 2008 in the senate .
no other major https www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2020/president/us/2020_democratic_presidential_nomination-6730.html candidate can claim that especially not biden who voted for it repeatedly .
sanders is the most left-wing https www.govtrack.us/about/analysis ideology senator and the only candidate who voted no on all three https www.commondreams.org/news/2019/09/13/challenging-biden-iraq-war-vote-sanders-denounces-bloated-trump-pentagon-budget of trump 's military budgets .
i know you wo n't vote but at least admit that bernie would be the least of all the evils running .
back story i have a mental illness and have used alcohol as a coping mechanism .
i would drink copious amounts become suicidal take lots of pills get admitted to hospital .
this has happened numerous times over the years to the point my husband has said no more drinking or the marriage is over .
my psychiatrist agreed my drinking was a problem and put me on naltrexone in march of this year .
i never stopped drinking but limited it to 2 drinks most days .
recently my husband went away and i immediately drank 2 bottles of wine and became suicidal .
now my psychiatrist wants me to go to rehab and/or aa .
but if i can control my drinking to 2 drinks in secret most days then surely i ca n't be an alcoholic ?
i 've been watching travellers the tv show and it got me thinking about how a fair amount of science fiction features mind/consciousness transference and that they usually take on the accent/voice of the new body .
this led me to the question if someone 's mind/consciousness transferred bodies would they keep their old accent or their new body 's accent ?
for example if a british person 's mind/consciousness was transferred into an american 's body would they have a british or american accent or a mix of the two ?
do n't take voting for granted get registered and start voting
i just want to know did this case ever happen on season 1 and 2 .
i ca n't drink because i 'm at work ca n't drink when i get home because my bf will be there .
he 'll be gone in the morning though and i 'm already trying to talk myself into it .
it never ends well but i go back and forth in my head trying to justify it to myself .
i want to stop but then time goes by and i forget all the reasons why i should .
if one more person asks for gold i am going to beat the shit out of them
first she did n't cheat on me as many of the people on here wan na jump the gun on .
we have an unplanned pregnancy and can trace back to the exact time of this happening .
she wants to be alone during this difficult time and all i want to do is be there for her .
she does n't want me there when she has the surgery and she wants to be alone after as well .
she has been feeling like our relationship has been stagnant .
we had future plans to go to a different state and out of the country next year .
i love her dearly and want to fight for our relationship but she has already made up her mind
edit i should have added we have been together for 6 years and were planning on being engaged in the next couple
were city light bright enough to be seen from space before the advent of electric lights ?
buyout 12:13 ratio any amount is fine as long as it 's this ratio
hi all i 've been learning sim racing by playing f1 2019 and some pc2 .
i mostly been driving the open wheelers and i have n't had the need to use an h shifter yet .
i do want to try rally games as well and was wondering when you would need an h shifter ?
i tried to order 10 packs of mango but it said i had reached a 'monthly pod limit ' which i did n't even know was a thing .
what i 'm wondering is will they still get shipped to me ?
it takes about 4 business days to get to me so would still be before october 4th .
also once the new month starts and i no longer have that pod limit restriction can i order a bunch more on say 10/1 or 10/2 and still receive them ?
the whole thing is just such fucking bullshit it 's like they want us back on the cigs .
i recently acquired an old thinkpad x1 carbon gen 2 in good condition except that the adaptive keyboard hotkey/function bar would n't work .
i tried using the thinkvantage lenovo system update '' software to install various drivers but the adaptive keyboard hotkey/function bar just would n't function properly the fn button would enable switching between either of 2 arrays only up until the os had loaded after which point it was stuck on whichever array was displayed at the point the os loaded with many of the functions simply non-functional .
in addition tphkload.exe thinkpad message client loader lenovo hotkey client loader would consume around 30 cpu without ever properly loading so that resources were in constant use keeping the fan whirring consuming power but achieving nothing .
various sources online suggested that the issue lay somewhere between a 2018 windows 10 update and the lenovo power manager driver hotkey feature integration pack but i was struggling to locate a solution .
now i 'm not entirely certain exactly which parts of the process detailed below entirely rectified this issue so i can only suggest to try each stage exactly as described but right now i have a fully functioning adaptive keyboard bar on my lenovo thinkpad x1 carbon 2nd gen 20a8 with no abnormal cpu usage and tested after repeated system restarts and hopefully you can too .
head to windows device manager system devices and uninstall fn and function keys '' and lenovo pm device '' .
install the following old version of the lenovo hotkey feature integration pack '' 13.81.0100 https download.lenovo.com/ibmdl/pub/pc/pccbbs/mobiles/8jvu23ww.exe
be sure to install only the system interface driver '' on-screen display '' .
install the thinkvantage technology lenovo system update for windows 10 '' 5.07.008 https download.lenovo.com/pccbbs/thinkvantage_en/system_update_5.07.0088.exe
open the now-installed lenovo system update software and use it to download and install the power management driver 1.67.16.20 hotkey features integration pack 9.0.0.10 .
note that at this stage i also happened to install the ambient light sensor driver 1.1.60 which is a correlated but probably not causative part of this process but you may wish to do the same just in case
for future reference direct links for these drivers can be found here
power management driver 1.67.16.20 64-bit https download.lenovo.com/pccbbs/mobiles/n2hku03w_x64.exe 32-bit which i did not install https download.lenovo.com/pccbbs/mobiles/n2hku03w_x86.exe
theoretically you should have a fully functioning adaptive keyboard hotkey bar .
and if not sorry to have wasted your time but there 's a working solution somewhere in this process i 'm certain .
i originally bought the game on ps4 in 2016 but never got around too it starting it up once or twice but typically quitting out or getting sidetracked after the first gore nest which was n't very hard i do n't think it was supposed to either since it 's a tutorial .
anyway flash-forward three years and i have a ps4 pro and looking through all my games and decided to download doom .
now i 've played the original doom wolfenstein and the reboots from machinegames along with many of the early cod 's battlefield 2 and many other goat fps games '' but doom is in a league of it own entirely .
the shooting is flawless with no weapon useless or underused the enemy variation is so good to point where i just go 'oh fuck me ' cause there 's another new enemy type to face .
the way you overcome mini-challenges in game is extremely rewarding as well .
i remember in chapter 3 when they introduced hell knights and i was getting creamed by them then chapter 4 comes around and i see one and think ha i remember when you were tough '' .
the movement is fast and fluid with dexterity and environment upgrades only making it so much moreso on top .
character upgrades are vital and have just enough bite to them to be worthwhile to get them all which i did .
and every gore nest mob fight just gets better and better as the game progresses .
i honestly ca n't think of another time where i played a true fps where it was just this damn good .
tl dr i 'm sure you did n't hear any groundbreaking insight and that was n't my intent .
just wanted a place to gush about my love for the game cause my fiancee could n't care less .
i do n't want to open it because of the read receipt but i think the rest of it says and we have n't even left yet. they have a house in florida that they are at a total of about six months a year .
we saw them a few days ago for my birthday wherein she barely spoke two words to me and played with my two year old daughter the whole time .
which yes is something she should do but not while ignoring me .
really the only thing we conversed about was i asked her not to push my daughter in a little car she has it is self propelled and we have spent 9 months trying to get her to do it on her own so she can play independently .
not to say oh okay or even ask why .
she got all pissed and teary eyed so she could play the victim .
the other thing we talked about was her telling me they are going to some fancy rock concert that my dad 's company from which he is now retired was hosting .
she does n't like the things i have for hobbies or the way i feel about the world/people .
i have anxiety and am always a ball of stress .
she does n't like what i do or do n't spend my money on .
why in the world would she ever miss me ?
what is the point in sending me these types of messages ?
just so she can be mad that i do n't say it back ? ?
i really do n't understand but it is so infuriating .
if next game would start where vii bad end left with cpus brainwashed.. zero/heart dimension merging with hyper dimension.. hordes of created monsters approaching delusional powers as well.. and candidates escaping with gold third big neptune and others..
would n't it make for an awesome potential main game ? ..
we 'd have some intense problems right from the start.. also kurome and uzume would remain relevant as well as big neptune who seems to be getting more love from compile and idea factory.. of course some new cpu would be introduced..
some random thought that came out to my mind.. what do you think ? ..
how positive would you react if next main game indeed would start at that point ? ..
i 've been working there for about 3 months .
when i first started i was being scheduled for 16-20 hours a week and now after i talked to the key holder i usually work with about how he talks to me customers and other employees is degrading and embarrassing and inappropriate my hours have been drastically cut .
like i am scheduled for 5.5 hours this week .
my store manager takes his side every time he complains to her or whatever-i 'm not there enough to know the extent of their working relationship but i know they talk a lot and takes breaks together occasionally and so i feel like i have been unfairly targeted .
there are other things he has said to me that are extremely inappropriate .
i would like a chance to tell someone about but i would rather keep it private bc if it 's serious nature rather than discuss on a public forum like reddit tia !
ca n't find any answers to this but where can canadians watch drag race uk ?
has anyone had their squad battle score reset ? ? ?
i played my first 4 games winning them all and getting elite 3 .
after resetting all 4 and selling some cards i have 0 points .
this kind of bug has happened before romancing the stone '' disappeared from my library for months and a call to apple support said the license had expired and that happens routinely .
but gb2 now shows up as available for purchase in itunes whereas it shows up in my library in movies anywhere .
the same studio owns both films and i bought them as a bundle so how could one disappear and not the other ?
i 'm only aware of this 2-minute talk in a salebox video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zwtapt_4hyi t=475s .
if you have n't listened tb says that he played oblivion a great deal and considers skyrim a downgrade at least in terms of questing quality '' .
basically i had reached out a few days ago to a new freshman who was afraid of starting and posting on their story .
they became really clingy really quickly and began using me as a therapist .
i already have two people who do that who i 'm too emotionally attached to to disregard but this kid did not have that same attachment and i did n't need more emotional strain .
i blocked them on the account they continually dmed me on .
now they are asking on their other account if i hate them .
i know from only a few days of infrequent conversation that they are very emotionally vulnerable but they 've also started stalking '' a few of my friends and i do n't want to be further used for emotional venting .
one of my players is a mercurial glaive who exists in two places at once .
she 's playing as someone with split personalities because she 's literally two different people .
nobody knows which version they 're talking to at any given moment which is why she seems to change her mind and mood so often .
being mercurial grants some certain benefits including a huge reward for failing rolls and trying something different next turn .
i 'm pretty sure the answer is no here .
the duplicate does n't have stat pools ca n't apply effort has no edge and ca n't use fighting moves so it ca n't use any of the benefits of being a glaive .
c the duplicate is a level 2 npc by definition .
how does this work when the duplicate wants to interact with something higher than its own level ?
such as activating a level 4 cypher or attacking a level 5 enemy .
on the flipside if a level 5 enemy attacks the duplicate would it always auto-hit or should i have her make a defense roll ?
for one thing i doubt he 'll ever fight again except maybe in another freak show exhibition or in some other similar fashion .
but if he did ... could he beat the best in the his weight range ?
it sure would be interesting either way and pretty much anyone would sell their soul to fight him .
i would consider myself as bi because i love anal penetration but im more into girls .
i got like 15 toys and girls i cant wait to show you what i can do with them !
if youre a little open minded or you simply wan na experience something new and exciting or crazy kinky stuff im youre guy .
you can just watch me or tell me what to do
normally my dreams are very mild and do n't seem to carry a high emotional charge .
but recently there have been two that made a strong impression on me .
i do n't know if they are connected but both seem significant for some reason .
in the first one last week i was working in a slaughterhouse killing pigs my girlfriend was there as well anima ? .
the living pigs would appear hanging from their legs on a rail she would take them down and hand them to me and then i would throw them in some sort of grinder .
we are both vegan and pigs are one of my favourite animals so this was very disturbing .
during the dream i was aware that my actions were strongly against my morality but still i just kept doing it .
the image has been popping back in my head quite often since i had the dream .
last night i dreamt that i was on an island overlooking the mainland .
the mainland was heavily populated i could see an industrial area as well as residential areas .
on the island where i was there were just a few small buildings .
it was night and i was laying in a hammock looking at the stars when suddenly a comet appeared .
a splendid appearance in the night sky with a long white tail .
for some reason i knew it was halley 's comet of which i knew it wouldnt appear until i am 71 years old i knew this because i had recently looked into the phenomenon .
in the dream however i was not old but my current age of 29 .
as the comet faded behind some dark clouds a large ww2 style airplane suddenly appeared from the same clouds and dropped bombs over the mainland setting the entire area ablaze .
nothing but ash remained from the densely populated region .
i never really have violent dreams so it was quite surprising that my subconscious is coming up with so much death and destruction suddenly .
i ca n't really come up with a meaning or even a connection between the two but somehow i feel there is a shared message behind them .
you upload a pic to imgur or reddit and everything is pretty simple .
i see a thumbnail in the front page or subreddit list
and clicking it i see the image at the original scale
but with links to other sites it can be more mysterious .
there 's a headline some news if i click it i can read that story but if i click it because i 'm curious to see the pic more closely i get bamboozled https imgur.com/58btpga
i understand the logic to make a picture from a link to any 3rd party site could be tricky reddit ca n't have a custom parser for every other site out there .
but after a long time experiencing this i 'm still curious i do n't have any good guess where did the thumbnail come from if not from the linked page ?
thanks please note i made the imgur link https imgur.com/a/hg6jfvm with some trimmed up examples because i wanted to avoid the impression that i 'm asking a really stupid question .
i think it 's a normal question in between a couple obvious features .
lmao kristine you grew up in a nice white rich family oh right your married to a black guy mhm it gives you permission to call other people bitches well guess what kristine think again big dumb bitch 🖕🖕🖕🖕😂
you get an exp boosting item among various other rewards !
make sure you enter the code before you purchase your 1st subscription
log in to your mogstation mogstation http sqex.to/msp http sqex.to/msp
once you purchased a subscription for the first time you will receive
• friendship circlet increase exp earned by 20 when level 25 and below
• aetheryte ticket x 99 players in possession of this when using teleport will not need a gil fee .
• ballroom etiquette using this will unlock the unique emote the fist bump !
• 10 sliver chocobo feather trade to calamity salvager npc for special weapons and armor .
whenever the jumpmaster jumps from the dropship and you split your squad in mid-air or land if not spliting the prediction error icon starts to appear .
while character does not move predition error does not appear .
while moving the view ticks sometimes freezes for a second and next jumps forward in time or rewinds .
the overall movement is affected and hits are not registered properly looking at saved clips e.g .
the issue seems to dissapear most cases once 13/14 squads or roughly 35-40 players are left alive .
i have been asking other players whether they experience similar issues and vast majority of the ones who answered see almost exact same problem but the squads or players threshold feels slighly different from player to player .
we have been trying to obsevere whether the issue is related to certain map locations or the ring and the stage of the game but we could not find any pattern there .
i can not tell with confidence when the issue started to appear but i believe not before 21st of august .
looking at streamers and youtube clips it feels that the issue is rather global .
ping 30-60 ms depending on the server and time during the day
packet loss 0 once choosing the server appears rarily in the game
origin disabled in game and all data related options disabled
parameters i use preload but there is no difference without it
hi i think i need to use dimlastrow as but i am a beginner when it comes to vba .
i want to copy a text value in sheet1 cell c3 and copy this value into the next available row in sheet2 column b .
also if cell is blank i do not want to copy it .
suggest me some good p2p alternative account money makers no treasure hunter
i 've had a difficult time bonding with my daughter who is now 7 months old .
maybe it 's because my first baby was stillborn maybe it 's because she was in the nicu for a few days so we missed out on that initial bonding time maybe it 's because the first few months were hellish trying to get breastfeeding established with her and pumping around the clock .
but i dont feel a strong bond with her at all .
it 's definitely gotten better over time and i think or i hope that it will continue to improve as she gets older learns to talk and is more like a person who i can get to know and build a relationship with .
it feels terrible to say but right now to me she feels less like a person and more like a job .
work that never ends that i barely even get a break from because she 's not a good napper .
what does it feel like to be bonded with your baby ?
is it really like what i 've read that you see your baby for the first time and are instantly just so in love that nothing else matters ?
if you 're someone who had difficulty bonding when did it improve ?
so there was a hunter challenge yesterday to bring cripps 4 large animals .
i had brought in one pronghorn and i remembered i had three more in my hunting wagon from the previous day could n't place a camp to donate them that day ! ! .
so i brought them to cripps and they did not count .
in my program im reading in chars letters from a file then i need to add them into a string .
but when the varables im adding are chars they wont add but when i make them strings adding into a string it works .
the issue there is that my if statements only work when the variables are chars not strings .
my parents wo n't let me play rated m games so i 'm wondering what good rates t or below.games are out there .
so in another post i 'm talking about the blue dream bud and added in my rosin outcome .
but this thread is what you think about the rosin in specific .
so is it not coming out on android or just not yet ?
it just aggravates me that i have to pay to change my azeroth whenever i decide i want to switch specs .
oh you do n't want to be a protection warrior anymore and want to be an arms warrior now ?
too bad you have to pay to change your traits .
it would n't be so bad if the payment is fixed at a certain amount but it increases every time you reforge your armor .
this is such a sadistic system that pretty much locks players into a certain spec until they can find some better gear to replace them .
it also encourages us to fill our inventory space with azeroth gear in case we 'd want to switch specs .
we need to put different objects on the train tracks for the train to hit .
caustic gas barrel gibby shield watson energy pylon anything that can be placed really
have contact finisher on hof and not sure which of those should i go for first .
my sims are not able to greet new people i went back to see if it was a mod issue update everything and now i 'm still having the same problem
during the shooting it 's clear that dylan fired very few rounds when he was n't with eric .
he shot a lot more frequently when he was with eric .
however when eric was not with dylan he still shot at a lot !
being that when dylan was without eric he did n't shoot much when eric was without dylan during the shooting he shot more .
it brings me back to believing that eric 's dominance was clear on the day too !
all that being said regardless of who was in command or control .
i was a big fan of all mk games except did not really enjoy 9 or x ... . da being one of my favorite
question how to signup and vote for party caucus/primary in arizona ?
system.out.println press 1 to do a sequential search '' n press 2 to do a binary search ''
he overgrooms himself vet says it 's not skin disease and i 'm not sure what to do .
the other day i decided to go to pet store and got some de-stress spray for cat .
i really should have tested whether he likes it before using it but i just sprayed it on the cat tower .
and i think he really did n't like it and stopped using the cat tower .
i felt terrible because he liked the cat tower so much ... and now he chooses to sleep on the floor .
i tried to wipe it with water and spray it with catnip spray but none has worked .
he refuses to go on and when i put him there he just jumps off .
i 'm not sure what to do and i 'm very sad ...
i feel terrible for taking away one of his favourite toy .
no they gave me a placeholder glock 19 for now until the ar-15 ships in .
what does nard dr. and the lot have to do with this pic ?
that 's not him and adam looks 25 here .
if the game is boring that is a personal problem .
no one has a gun pointed at your head forcing you to use the best builds and weapons .
more of a blanket statement that generally applies to adults .
aww shit i know where perkiomen is it 's north a bit from me and i have friends who go to a private school there .
i grew up homeschooled but mom spent all of her time on the phone or grocery shopping i hardly remember her actually teaching at all .
and as i got older i definitely taught myself .
high school was even worse she gave me the student book had me check my answers with the teacher 's book and record my grade .
but i was expected to be brilliant so even if my grade was less than stellar i would fudge it a bit because a bad grade did n't get me help just punishment .
she my dad definitely used the bible to keep us in line god sounded suspiciously like them .
your church experience sounds a lot like mine too .
we had to change churches so much because of their wrong doctrine . ''
i 'm truly sorry for your upbringing and hope you 're much happier now .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
i 'm blaming it on the group of people who 've been actively brigading this subreddit over the past few days in a very visible way .
you seem to be supportive of trans people at least to me .
i fail to see how it does n't make sense .
i mean yes it might be a random person downvoting it .
my 5th visit and i 'm a blogger so i wanted to make sure i did it right haha .
currently sitting in the bc mountains back in canada at a music festival around a fire listening to live bands .
entered your hopefully it shows up for both of us !
because kd changes his story often and kyrie is an angry boy that likes blaming people
do n't they have those crazy throat teeth that haunt my nightmares ?
it 's kind of a given when you give the player the freedom to take any order but i do think they can design bosses to be a bit more fair for first choices .
think of her and drew barrymore as a narrative hook like when you 'd write an essay in school .
they are there as an attention grabber to bait and hook to get your attention right away even if they are n't vital to the overall story .
that was essentially the entire purpose of drew in scream 1 .
iirc she was offered the role of sidney but turned it down so the cast was a mostly a bunch of nobodies and probably would n't have had as many people interested in going to see the film .
if you look at old scream posters drew barrymore 's head is the biggest one and the focal point .
it lured people into the movie because she was one of the biggest actors at the time of filming and everybody in america knew who she was .
at the time no one knew she was gon na die 10 minutes into the film .
it 's a similar thing that alfred hitchcock did in 1960 with psycho .
they made janet leigh who was one of the most recognizable actors at the time seem like she was gon na be a big part of the film only to get killed a third through the movie .
it gets people into the theaters and quickly grabs the audiences attention .
can get across galaxies but foreign language to communicate the targets of hy you can get across galaxies is just too much to really get it right .
maybe it 's just me but i always do a restart after updates like that no matter what the program .
web dictionary defines art as the expression or application of human creative skill and imagination typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture producing works to be appreciated primarily for their beauty or emotional power .
now i 'm no big city art curator but to me this fight ticks all these boxes .
during my aow checkout dives there was a remora trying to attach itself to a particular spot on my dive buddy .
that sucks man employees said this was nationwide if you find it you should 've gotten 50 off
my dad told me this story a while back .
my dad and his wife at the time were driving from arizona to tennessee to visit family .
cell phones were n't big yet so he would need to find a payphone in order to call anyone .
about a day into the trip my dad had a feeling that his mother was in trouble so he pulled over found a payphone and called her .
his mom wasnt in trouble but she was relieved that he called .
apparently she had a dream about a red room .
she told my dad that the dream felt threatening in a way .
my dad eneded up telling his wife about his mother 's dream and they both passed of off as just a normal nightmare .
later that night both my dad and his wife needed to use a restroom so he pulled into a gas station and they both went into their designated restrooms .
they both then leave the restrooms after seeing they were both completely painted red with no windows .
without saying a word they left and drove off as fast as they could .
not long term just like now stretch a bit maybe some push ups and pick up something heavy
damien williams is out and darrell williams is under shady so he 'll have limited carries .
singletary is healthy but he 's against ne and gore is probably under singletary .
i 'm leaning toward singletary or gallman at the moment .
making the false claim the mueller 's investigation found no evidence of anything illegal tells me everything i need to know about what you are trying to do here .
you are peddling bullshit under the guise of impartiality .
lies and conspiracy theories are all you have offered here .
staring down the barrell of a .45 is quintessential buttrockery
ask her to drive you if she ca n't then get an uber or something .
they gave me 4 pink day i 'd be making 30 an hour
just look at the amount you are getting paid for the order .
if that is enough for you to do the job then do it .
why does it matter if the money comes from gh or the diner ?
if it is a small payout then decline it and wait for one that is high enough .
his mom is as supportive as the lumbar support of that chair .
this user has verified themselves with the mod team https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/wiki/verification as evidenced by their 'verified ' flair and the 'original content ' flair on the link itself .
that means that this is a real live person posting their own body on the internet for our enjoyment .
all off-topic or unkind comments will be removed and subject to temporary or permanent ban .
see the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/about/sidebar for the full sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/realgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's a pretty good return considering that godwin is 23 and rodgers is aging
i do n't really party but i feel like that 's a bad generalization .
you are a moron if you drink and make damaging decisions either to yourself or others .
moderate drinking is alright and being smart about when you drink i.e .
when you do n't have work to do is okay .
your submission was automatically removed because your post had no body .
title-only posts do not give users enough information or context to provide support .
please resubmit your post with more detail in the body .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/offmychest if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've heard from other customers that they have a subscription with postmates that gets them free delivery as long as the pay a month a certain amount .
so i 'm guessing maybe they tip big because there delivery is free ? ?
shit i would 've taken the money and bought both kinds
at the end of the day this is all that matters .
could post a video of each month with james sitting on the couch and watching tv brand it as avgn and still make money .
i 'm more of a a winner is you kind of person
one i cleaned up after dinner and put the windex in the fridge and the milk with the cleaning supplies under the sink .
middle east/eu on lag pc atharva73 would like a carry .
the closest i came to vr this season was 2,3 and i am a semi decent player i guess .
he 's also one of the pro-china muppets in the past that got us to where we are today in the first place .
like i tried visualizing maybe a balloon getting bigger and bigger .
yeah have saquan in another league but i 'm in a much better position in there so i can afford to hold onto him lol
i do n't have much to add but just wanted to say congrats and good luck with the new opportunity !
there 's few better feelings than seeing the real you again after something like this .
this internet stranger is so proud of you and excited for the life that is ahead of you !
i love the filthy casual reds fan thinking bell is the issue
i believe that 's called marching to the beat of their own drum '' .
it 's less accuracy and 5 less magic damage than tsotd and kodai not to mention the lack of a rune-saving effect venom for tsotd and the insane upkeep cost .
not sure if 10 increased accuracy for ice spells and 50 increased heal effect on blood spells are nearly enough to weigh up for this .
well it 's a very simple thing that has held true since video games were younglings .
all for dragon lee and rush winning the singles belts because why not
i think that brawlstarsmemer02 is making a request this post has been marked accordingly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/battlecatscheats if you have any questions or concerns .
after eating some ridiculously strong weed brownies i walked into a café with the intention of getting ice cream for myself and my friends who were waiting outside .
they were all either too high to order or could n't get up off the grass but i figured it would n't be that hard so went in alone .
when i walked in the place was empty except for the 5 staff members behind the counter who stopped talking and looked me straight in the face before one of them asked in french how they could help me .
this is when i remembered we were on a road trip through france and most people where we were did n't speak english .
so instead of explaining myself in english in hopes of someone understanding me i just stood there silently processing all of this for a few seconds finally concluding there was no way to communicate i wanted ice cream .
so after walking in and standing still looking back at the staff i turned around without saying anything and walked out again .
i 'm sure that must 've been weird for the staff having a guy walk in stand still for around 10 seconds and making eye contact who then leaves again without saying a single word .
i 'm currently 17 and me and my friends who have our own cars all bought 15 year old ones with our own money and pay our own insurance gas etc ...
i found it not too difficult to manage this on my own and there 's nothing wrong with my 2002 car ...
if it 's someone i do n't know i would say i do n't know do you have a dietary restriction because a lot of times when people ask they have a reason for wanting to know .
there are like what 1.5 billion muslims in the world ?
if there are any us codes left i 'd be interested in reviewing it .
just have to say you 're pretty amazing too .
yes but scroll through the front page right now .
and the criticisms here are n't even constructive most of the time .
there 's been some well laid-out arguments and some decent constructive discussions had but most people are just rude .
as an example one of the most upvoted comments in this thread is one that calls the devs stupid .
i just recently uninstalled it because it for sure gave me a pretty signifigant performance hit .
that said i run vr though an egpu setup which is pretty sensitive to cpu overhead ... so i suspect if you are confident in your cpu then you should n't see much of a hit .
i imagine it 's gone while it 's being fixed '' in-universe and then get reintroduced all shiny and spruced up
it looks pretty bleak as far as the mating situation goes .
i suggest young women do everything they can to better themselves and their lives on their own .
build a good community of people around them so they are n't as lonely and dont put any stock into finding a decent man .
if it happens great but be prepared for it not to happen .
without it you will drown in this world of degenerate filth .
prebuffered 3 times and i can even hear when they 're drinking..so they 're doing something lol..it 's some kind of wonderful
family services has walk-in counseling clinics twice a week .
you get an hour session for free and depending on how that goes they can allot you further sessions .
i went a while ago for something and was given five free sessions .
md candidate phd candidate astronaut candidate 1ahole candidate presidential candidate candidate for candidacy
😆 for two dollars i would have fully expected what you ended up with .
the reinke brand is a bit pricey for a little metal ring ... but the way i see it that extra is paying for assurance of quality .
they ship with an extra ring of adhesive to be able to reuse it even though they say it 's a one time use .
having that low shbg can indicate that you have some other problem too .
great places to find sds also when i started putting myself in situations like that more often as well as finding guys with money i also just started making money more easily .
that 's why i recommend to any girl who wants to make more money to go to all the rich guy places read all the rich guy books think and grow rich 48 laws of power the art of war atlas shrugged etc yes sometimes it 's embarrassing to act like a new goldman sachs hire but when you learn the skills culture language etc of these types wealth comes to you so much more easily .
overall you want to buy a future proof '' laptop as much as possible .
i have had 3 computers in the last 2ish years because i didnt know what i wanted/needed and made some stupid mistake along the way .
if you can please just hold off until you can get the 16gb of ram .
additionally it might be worth looking into the older 2018 15 '' macbook pros .
i got one with a 6-core 16gb of ram for about 2300.00 500.00 savings and this almost a year ago .
you can increase storage capacity with and external ssd like others have said .
ultimately you dont want to handcuff yourself just to save some dollars in the short run .
what are the odds she is still sleeping with him though ?
they just dont realize how they 're hurting us .
i 'm sorry about the pocket watches i know it sucks .
i 've had to learn the lesson multiple times to not trust my parents .
i 'm glad you cut him out for good .
i 've done the same and it feels freeing .
most people in successful relationships i know tend to see their friends seperately from their partner .
ive never had a gf whos friends i could stand .
i did a gender neutral room as i did n't know what i was having .
i soon changed the curtains to much thicker blackout ones .
its got a little shake but i am going to add steel plates to the back corners to make it really rigid .
looks like it 's an unused building at first sight
shovel knight was here first but sans is more recognizable
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required topic tags .
please read the youtubers wiki entry on topic tags https www.reddit.com/r/youtubers/wiki/index wiki_topic_tags for the complete list and their usage .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtubers if you have any questions or concerns .
a few weeks ago i finished black leopard red wolf by marlon james .
it 's a fantasy novel set in an alternate version of medieval ?
africa totally different from anything else i 've ever read .
it was still some of the most hype and fun moments to watch .
anything with madara in it instantly made the chapter more hype .
like the other person said brachy hammer is perfectly fine .
if you 're having trouble with keeping with up the monster just go for those level 2 charged uppercuts hold r2 until the second charge .
play the weapon guerilla style with hit and run mechanics then learn the monsters openings to go for the higher damage moves .
that assumes that each of us is capable of stopping that type of behavior .
so at a minimum we need to treat those folks like toddlers .
is that true or are you guys just in denial about wentz ?
this last change was pulling the supposed compensation buffs that actually outweighted the nerfs and just straight nerfed riven .
you realize riven has been net nerfed over the past 5 months yes ?
how is this relevant to riven getting buffed due to a skin coming out ? ?
oh and do n't act like it 's a conspiracy theory .
i could hear that in the full metal jacket guy 's voice .
does n't china generally lend to countries that the world bank wo n't loan to anyways ?
also many states limit things like security deposits and late fees .
there are plenty of bad tenants landlords generally would n't want to rent to even with changes but more options could open up possibilities for some people .
someone going through a divorce or health issue where credit took a hit but seems otherwise qualified .
people with pets it 's a lot easier and legally safer to say no pets than to allow pets only for people whom ll judges to be very responsible .
new workers whose income history does n't make current cut-offs everything from hs/college grads to ex-cons
requiring a larger deposit upfront so they have skin in the game would help them self-select good tenants would be more willing to pay a larger deposit knowing they will not lose it .
bad tenants will go to lls with lower requirements .
this makes the whole program more appealing and leads to more available units .
larger families/roommates occupancy limits serve health safety functions but many lls have limits stricter than state and local laws require because this helps weed out bad tenants .
if evictions were quick and easy when it 's clear-cut and you could collect enough of a deposit to compensate for risk ll could justify renting to a wider range of people .
pretty much any screening measure that weeds out bad tenants will weed out a few good and ok ones as well .
lls are limited in their ability to use judgment because it opens them up fairly or not to discrimination charges .
assigning a price to some of these screening measures would help compensate for increased risk and better tenants who have less-than-positive factors would be more likely to pay the increased cost while bad tenants would be more likely to go where lls are less selective .
jesus christ had to panic sell his regular card 😅
it sounded exactly like he 's quoting the doctor in a mocking tone .
just stay near the tail and back legs and wail on him .
superman dive every time he tries to finger blast you .
basically just play cautiously until you learn his moves .
unless you are very well off 4,000 is a lot of money to blow on a game .
that aside marriage is supposed to be a partnership .
the fact that he did it without discussing it with you makes me think that he knew that you would be upset .
if he 's saying it 's his money then there 's potentially a bigger problem .
there is nothing wrong with having some money aside for personal things but the rest should be allocated to the family expenses savings etc .
just go 21/25/5 ... ... .. its not quite as good as full shadow in terms of dps but it gets the job done surprisingly well for solo and it does its job in raid ... .. especially in p1
you do miss out on 10 healing by not going 30 in holy ... .
but p1 is pretty easy and as long as you are semi decent you dont feel the 10 much .
do it it would be a conditional acceptance upon completion of credits in progress .
as long as you finish with a good grade though you 'll be golden worst that happens is you 're out 50 bucks .
so a multivitamin that has it certainly can help i 'm just looking to cover more bases than just that .
they do n't offer much in the way of lower back support .
that 's perfect thank you my 4 year old was asking me and it was difficult for me to explain .
the quest is not a replacement even for the rift s ...
they think a usb c tether makes the headset a pcvr one lol ... sweet summer child .
why do n't you copy and paste the article as a comment op ?
what was that shit about 'her slutty past ' as well ?
i 'm not that yes/no but if this has the whole us mapped accurately in detail and if they have a bird mode aka i just can simply fly to see the sites omg yes ! .
to me that would be google earth on steroids and if that can be vr .
that is what i want and no one else is even close to that imo a landmark release .
send up some more satellites and make it live streaming pretty pulleeze !
lol that 's entirely possible since their media reported that abhinandan faced 'mental harrasment ' at the hands of our army .
hello u/whip93 your post has been automatically removed because the title of your submission is too short .
we require titles to be more descriptive you 're allowed to resubmit with a better title .
if you 're really struggling or believe this removal was in error report this comment and a mod will check it out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/murderedbywords if you have any questions or concerns .
they 're better quality now but the images also already leaked a month ago .
vidic in the top five and kompany not mentioned ?
just strolling by dropping a few nox gas containers all nonchalant .
yeah i did n't like games still do n't where you go through supplies and need to buy more .
nobody has ever ordered more tissue for their thin ice game .
i guess there was nothing wrong with the mario kart wii babies they were a fun little gimmick to make sure there was a balanced amount of light characters .
but after that it decended into nothing less than filler .
i have 3 faulty/finniky controllers from them believe me i know how shitty their previous controllers are .
they just finally seem to have figured it out with this one luckily .
save him the emotional pain of having to find out you cheated on him yourself and let him find someone who he can be happy with
if it was a wilhelm scream i might go out of my way to do it more often .
a would you be slightly inconvienced for 1 billion ? ''
i used to dip saltine crackers in mustard and top them with parmesan
16gb is the max supported and it already is an ssd .
could the ssd be what is slowing everything down ?
why do mercedes always go for a second run in q1 ?
it 's ok though if he grows big enough the government will bail him out because he 's 'too big to fail ' .
i do not think i agree with this ... maybe parts but it is not the entps job to figure us out we should be able to tell them what we need and want from a friendship/relationship .
i must be running with the teddy bear crew because everyone wants to group up on everything .
mankrik has been fantastic completely worth the wait that first week when the game launched .
it usually depends on the combination of these two factors 1 .
the seriousness of the incident minor injury to life-threatening wound .
how busy the gardai are at that particular time and area .
it is true when people 's arguments are useless if they get the facts wrong and make false assumptions .
you ca n't shoot somebody who is in front of you if you think the correct way to hold a gun is with the end of the barrel pointing at you .
watashi no kawaii doppio ... be kind and summon all ur orbs before manga 6 banner ... boss out
i 'm guessing the cobble chest is the entire wall behind you if you keep everything .
then you 'll know that jackman as wolverine is n't a comic accurate cast .
i know nothing about saudi but i can confirm asus build quality as long as you do n't have plans to do upgrades later .
i 'm selling the rares and very rares from the treasures i ii iii and some sets from the collector 's cache ii .
if you are interested add me on steam https steamcommunity.com/id/clownx_x .
we need to wait the 30 days to trade .
jugdement of the fallen rare https dota2.gamepedia.com/judgement_of_the_fallen earthshaker|1|2|2 available 1 sold https i.imgur.com/0depvmc.png
golden flight of epiphany very rare https dota2.gamepedia.com/golden_flight_of_epiphany skywrath mage|2|3|available
horns of the betrayer rare https dota2.gamepedia.com/horns_of_the_betrayer lion|1|2|1 available 1 reserved to 123 https steamcommunity.com/id/xiexin600
more like i paid off my loans gon na be pissed if they raise my taxes so i have to pay off everyone else 's too .
agenda the underlying intentions or motives of a particular person or group .
you are telling me it 's not your underlying motive here to win this argument ?
they have mixed damage and only need to itemize magic resist .
trundle pillar counters zac e and also makes him a supertank while one of warwick/zac is paper .
malz is really annoying for melee to deal with cause of silence and voidlings so yeah .
machikado mazoku al http anilist.co/anime/107490 english the demon girl next door '' kit https kitsu.io/anime/machikado-mazoku english the demon girl next door '' mal http myanimelist.net/anime/39071
tv status finished episodes 12 genres comedy fantasy slice of life mahou shoujo
getting right diet and be dedicated is the hard part but when he has a good diet and dedication it would be easy to put muscle .
them i had the flu yesterday but i feel much better now . ''
ist es nicht eher so dass der versender der auftraggeber ist und nur der kann etwas geltend machen .
du gibst wahrheitsgemäß bei paypal an das du das paket nicht erhalten hast .
der rest liegt auch in der verantwortung des verkäufers .
ich hatte so einen fall vor kurzem mit dhl .
sehr skurril am ende musste angeblich der bote selbst für das abhanden gekommen paket aufkommen .
lmao kristine you grew up in a nice white rich family oh right your married to a black guy mhm it gives you permission to call other people bitches well guess what kristine think again big dumb bitch 🖕🖕🖕🖕😂
your submission has been removed because it is missing a gender tag .
please delete this post then resubmit it with one of the following tags in the title
cd for crossdressing couples both participants must be verified !
ff for female-female couples both participants must be verified !
mm for male-male couples both participants must be verified !
mf for hetero couples both participants must be verified !
tt for trans couples both participants must be verified !
qq for queer couples both participants must be verified !
be sure to include the square brackets around your tag !
if there 's a combination not listed that you would like added just message us and we 'll hook it up .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonemild if you have any questions or concerns .
and that portrayal can lead to some of the best jokers imo .
arkham origins had a lot of problems but seeing how the joker literally changed himself over the night once he met batman made a great juxtaposition from anarchistic violent criminal '' to insane clown of chaos '' as a development .
shockingly yes was able to make 88 dollars in 2.5 hours !
it 's rare i deploy the fumble chart for reasons like this .
too easy for a player to have an awful experience because of .
there are so many people out there who feel the same way you do .
maybe take a class or join a club or group focused on things you enjoy doing and meet people with similar interests .
or maybe start a facebook group for people who find it difficult to make friends but really want to .
and that was n't even the most interesting thing at my school that year .
i feel like i enjoy the second part as well .
you walk in and have no idea what 's going on up is down was that a rabbit ?
then you start to figure it out recognize the patterns and start bringing order to the chaos a little at a time .
it 's like a history lesson on the shop you 're working at and then you get to put your stamp on things .
i hope it can be done like m b viking conquest 's boat stuff was nice being able to raid like that and we may be able to pirate from the swamp area with their attire suggesting such history .
have n't we had other things floating around the idea of boats before hand too ?
sounds a lot like me when i passed age 30 i bought a car off a guy who a friend of mine knew .
i paid 700 it was a 12 year old 1.3 petrol fiesta needed another 700 worth of work doing to it .
i was ripped off because i did n't get anyone else to check it .
i have always had petrol cars due to the amount of driving i do .
i 'd say go to a dealer or get someone who you trust to go car shopping with you .
there 's a few sites online that go through your requirements and advise you what cars are best for you .
check the mot history for cars too it 's easy to do can show you if they 've been looked after .
go to some of the bigger car places like car supermarket etc test the cars for seating features most places are happy for you to get in them have a look at what they 're like .
if you 're likely to travel with other adults in the car check what they 're like for space in the back seats .
well ... according to the seller it is easy to grow '' as long as you loose the soil '' and do not put them so deep and close in the soil '' 🤣
the way each of these characters interacts with their version of the doctor speaks so much about the personality of their doctor .
it 's positively wild to see river because you get a sense of how different a ten/river relationship would have been if there would be one at all from the eleven/river relationship
oh youre right increase to cold damage give more explosion dmg so you need to freeze crit in that case and big increases to cold dmg for it to chain like this
the other 600 u played with is in a team with the frank
all ancient elves as we see was a tall pale white skined muscular and bold beings .
they never have any facial hair even their pictures never have it .
all of them are pale white skinned and bold or have a long hairs .
sera was have a good food to eat and house since her childhood with rich human lady who raise her so this is why she look like she look compare to poor city elves from ghettos and survivalist dalish clans .
diet and environment mean a lot to health of any beings .
modern thedas elves usually shorter and have lesser muscular mass than humans cos their lives are bad as hell .
ancient elves are much stronger and healthy some of them was far taller and stronger than any human and qunari as we see ancient elf warrior soul with hammer guarding ancient elven temple
this girl and her sister who is n't in this vid audrey and kate are the reason i took up guitar and started on the rocksmith journey .
i saw one of their videos a couple of years ago from when they were really young and thought '' fuck ... if a couple of japanese kids can learn to play guitar like they do with a video game maybe a 46 year old guy like me could do the same '' .
i literally would never have learned a musical instrument or had the many many hours of enjoyment if it were n't for them .
this to me is what youtube should be all about .
no influencers no hard sell product endorsements no ranty/mindless bullshit from self-obsessed narcissists just a girl having fun sharing what she does with the world .
and then she said nothing lasts which means the alliance gets to keep the horde forever
iphone 8 usually crashes about 30 seconds after startup for me .
i 'm not sure if it 's an app problem or an ios 13 problem though as i 've had other apps do the same since the update .
e i have also disabled as nearby and have not crashed since so it may have something to do with that .
afaik it 's literally just the same guy who retired just aged down do n't even have different names .
it was n't a fart it was a gulp .
i have been back and forth on this decision as well .
when s4 came out i liked the bigger screen and faster processor .
i did't pull the trigger since i do n't like to upgrade year on year .
now the s5 is out it is so tempting .
so now i really want to pull the trigger but i would be essentially doing what i do n't want year to year upgrade .
i be curious on your thoughts if you upgrade .
that total up to about 15 minutes of a call that was supposed to be over 30 minutes ?
the complaint was also about more than one call .
why am i with someone that i 've discussed marriage with but when i ask they say no .
the devs did n't say it themselves and we were n't shown any confirmatory screenshots .
the romans also picked up different aspects of various cultures they conquered didnt change the fact that they diplomatic dicks
seeds are a sign of either a hermaphadredite plant that is a make and female which will contain a few seeds within the buds .
if the bud is rampant with seeds it most likely had a male plant grow near it and the buds will polenate and produce seeds .
this is from the pollen that gets released from a male plant once it is nearly maturity .
as for your weed it looks like decent outdoor grown weed just a bit old .
if it is outdoor weed then it would have to be old as planting time has already started a few weeks ago
super rare drop though so do n't go in expecting it .
admittedly macs used to be an example where apple apparently built for durability instead of for quickest product cycles .
i had a 2007 mac pro until i replaced it with a 2012 imac .
i still use that imac and only had to have its fusion drive replaced because that broke two years ago .
oh and the power supply unit is n't reliable anymore so i have to remember completely unplugging the thing over night or it will just die in the middle of the day and only come back up after disconnecting it for at least 10 to 20 minutes .
the big problem with that imac is that i ca n't use it for testing vr on mac but in 2012 the current vr hype was just slowly beginning so that 's understandable .
what does annoy me is that all the current models mac mini imac mac pro have ridiculous prices when you want to replace an imac with a 3tb fusion drive .
who can use a computer with only 256gb drive space ?
my current primary windows pc did cost €3000 but it has a 9900k 2080ti 1tb ssd 3 or 4 tb hd and 32 gb ram .
i like macos i like windows 10 i do like my iphone 6s ... but i 'm not enthusiastic about apple anymore .
... he said as his form was slowly illuminated by the oncoming truck .
i do n't know his age but he 's likely just small which makes him look younger .
he looks the same age as the rest to me .
i also heard he was trans so that might have something to do with it .
iirc there was a moment in space wolves omnibus when ragnar dressed as ork raced with orks on their own clunker just because he felt that he should show them who is the fastest
there should not be 100 guaranteed sources of intel like that .
finally someone else who 's against being able to see how many people are ratting or mining in a system before you enter it .
or is that the good kind of guaranteed intel ?
i get that the cat knocked it in but did the cat flush after itself too ?
you bet i live in the uk and they 're my go-to supermarket
mr. smith goes to washington or some joke like that i 'm not clever enough to make work .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not start with one of the required tags request offer contest thanks meta psa or scam .
if you are not sure which one to pick see here https www.reddit.com/r/random_acts_of_pizza/wiki/index wiki_post_types .
did n't put the tag at the beginning of the title .
please read the rules carefully before you re-submit your post with a corrected title such as request depressed pizza ? ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/random_acts_of_pizza if you have any questions or concerns .
right now i have to drop one of jaylen samuels or chase edmonds for a kicker .
and trump did n't withhold it the dod did and has said it was waiting to see what zelensky 's stance on russia was before it released the aid given that he was a wild card candidate and had just gotten elected .
well then it should have been established a long time back that rohit is not a long format batsman .
the way he played in south africa in tests and odis was evident enough that white ball form has nothing to do with playing the red ball
but there is something to be said for lacy underwear ...
well the knights of ren supposedly existed before kylos turn but they definitely assisted in the sacking of the temple
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah the shoehorned love story had me scratching my head .
even the morons behind the live action resident evil movies were smart enough to keep the romantic angle down to flirting and smirking .
paying less attention to source material than re movies that 's a low bar .
let me guess you also think the watcher should wear glasses in the picture so she becomes four eyes forehead
he may have always appeared but harry never noticed since maybe ron 's name was covering peter 's name on the map or harry had no reason to look for ron on the map since they were together most of the time anyway .
harry only noticed peter when he had ran away from ron .
does it teach how to separate text into sentences using such things as full stops ?
on a standard week with no features we sell a minimum of 400 .
the first movie two heroes took place between seasons 2 and 3 and was released after season 3 had started airing so it was safe for anime only viewers to watch without getting spoiled .
the next movie heroes rising seems like it is going to take place around current manga timeline and will release during the middle of season 4 so it may cover development and such not yet addressed in the anime spoiling some of those revelations for anime only viewers .
have fun by not causing a scene and being civil/respectful .
this actually sounds like something my math teacher would say xd
they 're making fun of you for not knowing the difference between the words loose '' and lose '' .
i just do n't like when they call themselves bi for the clout '' i 'm weird lol 🤪🤪🤪 '' and only clarify they only like this one celebrity when the same sex likes them .
i recorded a autumn leaves inspired thing earlier today https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=lf9ng1j5sx8 just to test the camera on my new phone and everything fell apart when i got flustered trying to throw the lick in there haha .
canada gooned it up all series and crosschecked the face of a swedish player during an interim exhibition game .
the soviets did a lot of shady shit with installing crazily biased refs and refusing to turn on the goal light after a crucial canadian goal once the series moved to moscow but team canada was completely unprepared for the conditioning of the soviet players and embarrassed themselves with their reaction .
yet it 's commemorated as a super proud moment in our history and somehow crucial to the cold war even though nobody else cares about it .
i wish they 'd meet in a bo5 final soon !
looks like you got accleration and speed mixed up there buddy
you definitely got ta ask two bottoms do n't make a top and vise versa .
my cat likes to take my crow feathers and hide them in my bed .
i find them and put them back where they were and he hides them in my bed again .
i consider it his way of instructing me on the cyclical nature of life .
being a jerk and hiding behind jokes and irony is fun
gon na start hrt in about a year so will see what happens .
planning on starting and staying on anti-androgen next month for a year to give me sometime to plan .
absolutely scarred to let my parents discover changes in my body before i 'm ready
do your job anyway and let the voters see them obstruct and lie yet again .
if you dont do your job we will be less supportive of dems !
indigenous land stewardship specifically in the america 's has looked vastly different than european/settler land ownership. indigenous people have been at the forefront of environmental protection movements .
coca cola death squads and assassinations of indigenous environmental leaders was/is the norm and the historical and continuous genocide of indigenous americans is also treated as normal .
this person is saying instead of doing what we 've settler-colonial states been doing i.e .
genocide we should pay attention and listen as indigenous land stewardship has been incredibly successful in protecting our environment .
if you think he 's lying i 'd stay away from the facebook news groups for local houston .
it 's a question that only a customer could know or a driver with alot of experience .
when trump is out of office only then will reddit have the bravery to shut down the sub .
i think it 's just the time of day .
i did n't know his first name was jeff .
people have been eating raw meat for thousands of years .
it 's just now they 're more widespread than ever .
and in cross ange it was mostly nana singing while here we have a lot more music .
it connects people from i-5 north-south to i-80 west-east .
yes but there will be certain nods to characters and abilities that you may want to know first but i 'd say it 's up to you if you want a more in depth fate knowledge .
i 'd recommend fate stay night studio dean i know it 's old but it 's still interesting and good or unlimited bladeworks although it 's pretty intense also you might feel sympathy for a certain character when you transfer to kaleid once your done .
if we ca n't run it throw a screen and spread the field then run it
i think that model is called a little bear bowie '' ?
randall has a great reputation that is a beautiful knife .
planes have been flying that route for years on that day .
it 's followed by huge fireworks along the river throughout the city .
most buildings with a river facing window would be full of onlookers half the city was there last night .
