do some research into what the chinese government if like .
if so that would be amazing thanks i am going to look into it
you can add any additional criteria to that so factions/units that are too middle of the road will increase disgruntledness .
conservatives do n't have an inherent system of morality or decency
looks at bible i 'm gon na need a source on that mate
there 's rumors of a big patch late november .
growth has stagnated ... let it bottom out and let the sellers dry up before going calls .
he 's such a good representation of our country .
just the shitpost-y nature of his responses is so australian .
kinda funny how boring mark webber was and how much more that stands out in hindsight .
i dont entirely subscribe to the theory that the government is beholden to private interests on this scale ... but what the other posters are referring to is not the various levels of government generating revenue for themselves with the war on drugs although that is the case with civil forfeiture to an extent but instead that there are many businesses that sell a huge amount of equipment and services to law enforcement and the prison system to execute the war on drugs ... generating profit for themselves .
they might feel compelled to lobby to continue or widen the war to grow their businesses .
whether that has indeed occured with any real effect is debatable as there is still a strong but gradually weakening sense in the american public that the war on drugs is justified and so our political leadership may well continue along these lines without said lobbying .
i think it has some effect but probably far less than what many people here are suggesting .
whats a c on a paper mean to you ?
a 7 to me means its checks the boxes it at least plays a competent level of design and there is fun to be found for some .
below that is a failure of varying degrees and above that a success of varying degrees .
this argument always gets brought up when some championed game slides towards the 7 but its been used consistent and the only people having issues with it are those wanting a 7 to mean more for a specific game than everything else being graded similarly .
had a neighbor who always gave out saltines from wendy 's and bbq sauce .
proper code reviews like 1 person actually reads the stuff or there is just stuff with rules .
there is code written in typescript where everything is var current job .
if i have access to the source code i can freaking modify it .
people dont even use react how it should be use put redux over it as a necessary '' and go for it .
when well shit hits the fan well they either bail or say '' cant be done '' and here i am .
i worked on 5-7ish projects for other companies on react .
all of them had redux when it should n't .
i am talking big names with big money that well devs just took the new shiny tool '' .
all of them had git always merged code but it was always approved they had even tests .
and we are not even cheap and we get projects constantly .
or well more expensive than 2 devs thats for sure .
you protect your code with code reviews not language and frameworks .
any stupid american holiday that requires a nation to go and buy tons of plastic decorations pumpkins they throw out later and candy in millions of plastic wrappers deserves to be forgotten .
you should realize that being part of this sub .
why not make the burgers again these were torn burnt and looked nasty
there are only a couple hours left on this poll and andrew is behind .
please go vote there are over 25,000 voted cast !
this is a symbolic testament to andrews progress if we win we have the possibility to change soo many opinions to favor yang instead of bernie .
is it bad if i failed 5 hours in .
we have an entire subreddit that regularly hits the fp dedicated to advice animal memes i think you 'll be okay
mai suntem ramasi doar cativa roditori normali pe aici .
pana la urma este nevoie si de niste analize mai complexe bazate pe argumente .
pentru cei care reusesc sa vada caracatita transpartinica sistemul dualist din tarile ue .
honestly 230mbps over wifi is already really good for home equipment .
you ca n't say that unless you tell us you 're going to eat a shoe or something if it does n't happen .
given that wntu is n't located in tampa i 'm assuming this is fake .
that and 7 years in broadcasting and i 've never heard a local station announce the name of a segment for a 1:00 story
i love how even the borderlands devs have had a jab now .
i was on mobile when i typed that so i 'm guessing autocorrect kicked in
the look at ralof at the end killed me lmao
plus they had london met hats hence why the driver went back to get his .
agreed the urgence has been the only place where i 've seen a psychiatrist .
but it also entails an inpatient stay to get treatment .
not ideal in my experience that is traumatic in itself .
just an update per the advice on here i 've emailed ria late yesterday with and email and photos .
if people are interested ill update again on the outcome .
also i have a few things on my wish list like the wilson mags but i am cheap and patient so ill be holding out for my 50 web rebate and black friday for mags and a holster .
i ca n't really make a judgement if i do n't know what the tattoo looked like prior to this claimed to be cover up job .
regardless it is a well executed piece of work .
i 'm not gon na count croatian bosnian or montenegrin since it 's literally the same language .
so i guess macedonian and slovenian are pretty close .
sadly your post has been removed for the following reason s
rule 7 posts must be comments the primary element of your post must be a comment or similar piece of communication .
examples of content not allowed include cursed titles cursed memes or cursed images .
if you have any questions you can message the mod team through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/cursedcomments replies to this removal comment will not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
you better make it faster than me i just stole your design .
thank you will be trying gyms around me and testing the waters .
what 's the best nature for pgl koko with its given attacks of thunderbolt volt switch dazzling gleam and nature 's madness ?
i do n't plan on changing its move set .
i know the first shiny koko was locked to timid with a different move set but would it be redundant to have timid on this koko ?
i know there are usually a few of these questions after release .
i 'll be happy if we do pull off a win but i feel like a draw is the most we can expect right now ... then the game against leicester considering their form will be a loss and we could easily be 9-10 points away from top4 only 12 games in ...
looks like brinks is n't adding to the reward yet ?
i already failed although i did n't even watch porn or anything .
why pretend to be massively stupid and that fines are n't a huge part of socialist states ' revenue though ?
why pretend to be so massively devoid of anything resembling basic human intelligence that youd go around faking like anyone over the age of 10 is n't fully aware socialist states wo n't increase revenue by any means necessary to fund the inevitable deficits inherent in high-welfare spending nations especially with aging pensioners having longer and longer lifespans where they are drawing but not contributing ?
did you think shrieking reality isnt reality '' would actually do anything other than make you look like a useless idiot child ?
it 's extremely easy to just not be massively idiotic ok ?
i just do n't get what people actually get out of publicly embarrassing themselves as you have .
like why would you want everyone to be like oh he 's a dumb fucking kid '' ?
again it 's extremely easy to not the type of useless subhuman sack of shit that thinks evocative shrieking is some sort of argument okay champ ?
where does this put us in the statement league ?
i 've seen youtube videos where father does n't even die from it 😂
i 'm in you guys up for destroy dick december ?
would you hold it specifically this image against them if either they actually liked the costume or are racist as an adult ?
it appears his situation being a dolphin heavily affected his output .
is this his best fantasy game so far in his career ?
maybe 4 if you count japan though south africa showed their weak point and england would likely do the same .
cleave venomous fire aspect those three kil it maybe 2 3 mil poeple definitely look at the enchantments when buying a new sword for that kind of price cleave ruins it for zealot farming and fire aspect venomous ruins it for slayer bosses that 's some bad enchanting
if anyone ever had doubt that r/canada was overrun with alt-right losers the fact that the guy telling kids with cancer to fuck off is getting upvoted is there to assure them .
raritydaww i 'm not sure if 13,000 words is short by your standards but i highly recommend estee 's on the slow death of crocodiles https www.fimfiction.net/story/442846/on-the-slow-death-of-crocodiles .
without spoiling anything it is a dark but riveting character study of rarity dealing with the conflict of caring for someone versus taking care of one 's own needs .
raritysquee as a bonus fic this one 's by no means short clocking in at 91,000 words but if you have the time go read magics 's rarity gets enslaved https www.fimfiction.net/story/432970/rarity-gets-enslaved .
it 's a story where rarity gets enslaved by a kingdom of trolls far away from equestria proper and what she does to cope with it .
while it is somewhat rough on the grammatical or otherwise technical edges i had a splendid time with it .
hey i 'll have a full set of characters by the end of this month .
very small number of employers have gotten better about flexibility
there are a great number of jobs where there ca n't be any flexibility in hours .
you want someone to serve you at a coffee shop sorry but they 've all decided they are n't starting until 10am today you want some petrol sorry but they do n't like working evenings any more you want you amazon package delivered sorry but the driver is a bit tired and has gone home for the day .
our company has a customer service desk with 2-3 people on it .
they have to be scheduled as to when they work to ensure it 's always manned .
yes there is flexibility but it required cooperation from the other staff to cover .
i did n't hear that but it sounds like a sumo classic .
💩 has more of a chocolate pudding texture to it .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with higher '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
please do not message us about this we will probably mute you and move on with our day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
if republicans loose 2020 to biden or another moderate they resent trump .
if they loose to bernie and to a lesser extent warren they will freak out and never forgive trump .
it will be glorious to see those savages eat crow but they wo n't admit failure and they blame something else and say it was robbed or whatever .
an ender 3/5 and splice it in 3 pieces or a cr-10 st and splice it in 2 ?
same here i thought it was my keyboard until my friend reported the same bug .
i guess this might be one of those be sure you have a backup cautionary tales .
i was able to finally get mountaintop and am making good progress towards randy .
i saw .5 mile difference yesterday and .1 mile difference today .
strava is showing the mileage in the rider list .
wonder if there 's a glitch in the halloween update .
every fascist eventually decides it 's time to take russia 's oil .
did n't watch the clip or the stream but this almost made me want to watch it that 's witty .
i 'm just going to choose a random one .
hands it off and stuffed at the line of scrimmage .
2nd and 10. ! https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20gainrunzero message=hands 20it 20off 2c 20and 20stuffed 2c 20at 20the 20line 20of 20scrimmage. 20no 20gain. 20 7bdown 7d 20and 20 7byardsleft 7d .
it 's 2nd and 10 on the lindenwood 42 .
these people knew there was a queue and tried to skip .
also as a british person this made me happy .
how exactly is this not an incredibly fucked up situation caused entirely by the failings of capitalism ?
because capitalism doesnt have the point of government spending so much money .
this isnt capitalism that fucked it up its americans inability to do math
there should be no reason so much is spent on military social and medicare
his finesse shots always go straight to the keeper for me might be why
do you think you need to build a productive industry first so the planet makes money maybe ?
i just want to stop existing because my mind wo n't stop warring with itself .
my bf told me to start worrying when my period is a month late but that seems like way to long to wait .
keysight sounds like such a dope place to work !
you can get snap to work on xbox again ?
you can try to get some lacquer thinner on a rag or towel and wipe the paint transfer off to make it less noticeable .
the car is used so a dealer more than likely wo n't ding you on the value for small scuffs if you are trading up to a more valuable vehicle .
bro you are 20.. get your shit together and take care of yourself ...
look towards monk but there needs to be a limit on how many force points can be spent based on level
write clear post titles that reflect the post 's content .
titles should be reasonably unique to your post so that others know what it is about without even opening it .
do not put the entire body of your post in the title if it is extremely long .
do not add unnecessary expletives emojis or attention-grabbing punctuation .
if you have any questions or if you think this post was removed by mistake please message the moderators through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnba2k subject=removal inquiry .
anyone else feel jealous of the flames player that josi just pushed after that last attempt ?
just looking at josi makes me feel things him touching my face might make me pregnant which is all the weirder because i 'm a guy .
so you 're saying you thought he really thought he was the only one to watch a kill count video ?
try for a 90min sparge with the 1st 1/2 or so taking the longest .
i 've been fighting bh efficiency for a while as well .
also you may want to get a 14 sieve and test your grain crush with that 67 71 left in the 14 is what you want
either move seats or if seating is assigned lean forward a bit so you do n't get kicked and wear a hood to protect from the trash .
make sure to let the school know to check the bus cameras .
more people that eat and survive the more people to squash mosquitos and come up with ways to prevent mosquito diseases
i had it up until about 18 months ago when i got my current phone .
it did n't like the file apparently and i 've had to go without .
our 5 year survival rate for cancer is 5 and we are 7 for outcomes of cardiovascular disease care one of the top killers in the world
we have a fairly high mortality rate for childbirth compared to other countries as well
i also have ibs and i work in an office where the bathroom is very rarely unoccupied .
all of the women in the office have gotten over this just pinch it off and go .
with an experienced rider otherwise the r1 gets there a lot faster .
if did n't meant to risk my vision i would totally get one of those
you are wounded to the core by ghosting but not when your dom is celebrating their anniversary and totally set you aside on your birthday ?
to think you have sexual relationship and even more you sounds like you are emotionally invested with your dom ... . c'mon ghosting is nothing at this age but to be ignore by someone you have a very close relationship with is a lot painful .
you are someone with a high powered job so powerful that you ca n't be alone .
i myself is a bread winner my entire life raising everyone including my own parents .
i do n't have a high powered position but i work in a very male dominated industry but i tell you being by myself is better than sharing a stolen moment here and there with someone i know i ca n't have .
that 's pretty much begging for someone as independent as i am .
hope you find someone who value you as much as you do to them .
the entire point of making your own group is so that you can dictate the loot rules that 's literally always been the case with pug raids .
you join it knowing there will likely be restrictions so you take the 10 seconds beforehand to ask what 's on res .
ooo shauta head is orca which technically a whale ...
how dare you expect gun ownership to be well-regulated ! !
well have fun getting all your battle pass skins sold in the shop then 😐👍
in the fact that if her character was just john connor instead the only part of the movie that changes is sarah connor a grief arch .
as i said she is the same character as john connor an unprepared messiah who must rise to the challenge but john is a white guy and they clearly were going for the whole woke atmosphere with this movie so they replace him
op only give in to this bs once then it will become an expectation and you can never get out of it .
set your out of office email auto reply from friday 5pm to next monday 9am .
explicitly indicate emails received during the off time will be response during business hours .
your superior may not like this any better but that will shut him up .
funny enough that jimmy is getting some shit already .
some of these bitter old queens will downvote virtually anything they did n't write themselves .
so it 's best to just consider the source .
2h fury is much more viable for horde with windfury .
robert whittaker former ufc middleweight champion ranked 1 in the middleweight ranks is a black belt .
the ad was for a 8 bedroom mansion for the priceof 149 night .
scammers only scam because they 're able to find gullible people who think they 're going to get something for nothing or relatively close .
nobody is ever going to rent you an 8 bedroom for 149 night or 18 per bed .
there 's a really interesting netapp podcast where some of the devs there talk about the things that they 're doing that take advantage of the freebsd network stack .
there 's a reason the 1 or 2 storage company depending on the sales guy you 're talking to uses bsd .
i 'd like to have a quiet family life heh
i 've not heard about that.. would that be an issue for me moving there ?
my partner is bruneian pr but born and raised there any issues on obtaining some kind of dependant visa ?
i have hellboy 2004 4k if that tickles your fancy
i started out taking 10 grams of kratom in the morning and another 5 in the evening .
it did n't completely get rid of my withdrawals but it helped a lot .
after a week of no oxy i cut my kratom down to 7 grams in the morning and 5 in the evening .
i 'm now 8 months clean and only take 5 grams of kratom in the morning .
i do n't really need the kratom anymore and sometimes i dont take it but i do like it .
they mean it would give a short quick proof of it .
but as correctly noted by u/cocompact that 's not quite true .
that said abc with plausible explicit estimates would prove flt for all n .
i had a dry socket after they pulled my wisdom teeth .
looks like the previous owner had their tv mounted higher than the windows .
ya but if you miss the headshot the slow rof makes it easy for someone else to clean up
depends on how good looking he is i guess .
more than half of them do n't even fucking say trick or treat anymore just shove their fucking bags in your face .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
well okay we 're all hungry we 're gon na get to our hot plates soon enough .
better put someone between jr and mccain if so otherwise they might merge into one creature .
it 's also not up to your grandparents to use you to control coerce them into line .
there are professionals to handle the implementation of wills and inheritance .
they could do so easily and unobtrusively without making you a gatekeeper position .
it just seems very unfair of them to be using you in that way .
regardless of your level of inheritance or how good you are at it you are a family member and it 's not good for you to be constantly drawing the ire of your family .
many sports are drug tested it does n't stop many participants from cheating tests so they can use peds
i did n't actually claim that i claimed observed would be more appropriate that you were employing a common tactic and then rightly mocked the tactic .
you were moving the goalpost as is obvious from reading back as you jump from one to another rather than segueing to them in order to find common ground for instance .
if you do n't want to argue for or against more complex theories then do n't you 'd definitely lose trying to argue for trickle down or mmt so probably wise you do n't .
in fact do n't even get involved in the first place if you do n't want to ?
i agree it 's rather outside the scope of your initial comment and you could 've left it at that but saying it is n't something you 'd care to discuss shows you really do n't want to try to make that argument .
if you do n't like that side of you work on it .
to be fair why would we focus on the ones who got punished instead of the ones who got a slap on the wrist ?
i 'd love to be the one to catch that for you😘
i totally agree most that buy them just do it for the clout and to make them seem more popular .
at least this is how my high school brother explained it to me after buying them we even talked about it and agreed that the samsung ones are alot better overall and other brands are equally as good as airpods and alot cheaper .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
i am using an esp32 with a bme280 deep sleep sending readings via mqtt it is awake for 2sec from boot to sleep including associating with the wifi and dhcp .
you obviously have n't been hit by a car blowing through a red light .
everyone sucks no one is better than anyone else the most we can hope is for people from both sides to stop being bad road users .
i would look at showd like sliders or the dc anmiated movie with the parallel earth .
enough individual choices add up over time and effectenough people that a notable shift occurs .
tesla wins over edison and the world takes a dramatic shift .
henry ford does n't create the assembly line and standardized parts affecting not only production of modern technology but the way we operate in our lives over all .
how far back in time could you cause a change where rather than develop science and technology the world develops around mysticism and lore ...
the chipped plate makes this a masterpiece truly worthy of the white house .
it 's not a stressor it 's just an annoyance when i 'm listening for footsteps
thats actually drake dressed as fred dressed as fred flinstone
it 's pronounced eshay*.. it 's french or something s
i was n't talking about any fancy spectral editors or anything just graphs .
so whatever comes with the daw at least in live it 's just fine for basic stuff and voxengo span also free for slightly more advanced features .
it 's not really been stuttering for me only playdoh graphics at the start
missing out on a specific girl is not big deal but this can severely mess up your whole life .
you have the sexiest pair of legs and thighs i 've seen in a long time .
if only my gf had such shapely thighs and ample bosom em you 're lovely if you ever read this .
for a month all i wanted to eat was multigrain bread from publix toasted medium with peter pan pnb all melty from the warm toast
i 've never heard of someone reacting to it and you do n't have to use it as an exfoliant
all i got from this is to start hitting my kid on its fifth birthday .
can you fit a puck in your mouth ? ''
only it 'd be more muffled like 'an u 'it a 'uck in 'our 'outh ? ''
cause i 'd have a puck in my mouth .
at this point you might have to sacrifice your child .
we need one thread per team stating whether they did or did not
but how do you know that the girl in the video was n't going to adopt the entire litter of pups ?
besides one less puppy in captivity is one more puppy in a happy home and that 's a win for me
i 've just finished up the white rose and i 'm not really digging this story .
i want to like it and have tried all the way up to book 3 but everything is just so vague .
does the writing style get more descriptive or do you have to keep extrapolating what the world looks like ?
the mint choc balls you can buy from the supermarket bulk section are basically just giant jaffas but mint flavored so do n't buy them hoping they 'll be like snifters .
there are controller '' blocks that you have to find and break in order to progress .
i knew i 'd seen you somewhere from r/amd where you showed your new 5700xt and got shit on .
the logo and font seem like a downgrade to me .
i mainly use this on android and wish it had a dark mode but apparently that is still being worked on .
i was hoping my previous issues with the app would be resolved though .
glad they fixed part of the algorithm so the amount for an account during a time range is correct .
we had one of our kids b-day parties at the ymca skate park .
i had not been in but decided to fruit-boot it and went to sign in .
the agent says the child needs to be here '' to which i replied i am the child ''
good luck successfully tanking when the bottom 6 teams have near identical odds .
so long as the interlocks are all in place ''
damn i was hoping this would get posted for the 100th time
the graphics looked great but i was n't too impressed by the combat itself .
barb has a certain playstyl druid has a certain playstyle and mage has a certain playstyle much like d3 .
if the game lack depth and a good trading system poe should n't be too worried imo .
competition is great though since both devolopers need to step up their game to win the arpg war '' .
if i use cheddar or something else it does n't taste right '' to me .
this is exactly the sort of nostalgia factor i 'm talking about .
you see it all the time when restaurant chefs talk about using it on burgers our customers prefer it '' or it does n't taste right with anything else '' .
they never talk about it being better '' just preferred '' .
that 's a lie because no girls like me .
i sometimes seem to fix the problem by swapping cables i had a usbc thunderbolt cable and went for a usbc to usb3 instead .
there is really zero info i get from the machine about what might be happening .
your original post made it seem as if you were getting the aurelia trigger from ghired 's copy after ghired makes it which does n't work .
sadly your post has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions you can message the mod team through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/cursedcomments replies to this removal comment will not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
funny i worked for pulmonologists for a number of years so i 'm the one that made him go for sleep studies etc .
he 's mostly healthy but dealing with ptsd after a couple of decades and multiple tours in the army .
would you classify kisum as an indie artist too ?
i 've listened to her songs and 2 beer '' sounds like an indie city pop track .
just click your profile it shows how much karma you got
would be awesome but that will most likely not happen for a long time .
modern cpus can contain multiple physical cores which can run threads concurrently .
some cpus have hyperthreading feature which makes them appear as if they have additional cores and it helps with processing multiple threads on the same physical core .
this patch added the ability to use all the available cores check in task manager physical and logical but the logical ones do not contribute to the performance as is the case with many high performance applications .
i think we 've got something special in martinelli ... . just a gut feeling .
if all goes to god 's plan he can be an arsenal legend .
it does leave noticeable discoloration on the copper heat sink due to some light alloy formation if i remember correctly .
you 'd probably have to sand it down a few microns to get it back to clean bare copper .
i had it on there for around 7 months before it needed service .
was still cooling as well as the day i applied it .
goodluck friend if you need someone to chat to im always available !
again most cars i encountered throughout like central america were pretty much just older cars you 'd see anywhere else so i guess the answer as with half the questions on this sub is depends lol .
i 'm not sure why raising taxes on the middle class seems more feasible to you but it sounds like you have your mind made up !
i also am so tired of hearing the elites mainstream argument from bernie supporters .
it has echoes of trumps whining that everything is rigged against him .
who are these elites '' supporting warren that you speak of ?
what is bernie sanders doing to combat that bias ?
i want to know what 's the music that is playing .
it took 45 minutes but all my items were there .
just let it spin and it will eventually work ! !
yes first replace the headlamps with oem assemblies then worry about upgrading the bulbs .
old headlamp assemblies with dull hazy lenses do n't let light though .
as far as restoring '' them goes understand that diy restoration only restores about 70 of original light output while professional is closer to 80 .
that might be good enough for most people but if you are still unsatisfied after restoration and new philips xtremevision bulbs then you might want a new assembly .
what are the generic steps to upgrade 100e in ha mode ?
i once saw an account and the captions were like mommy bought me a new toy
consider your so as a good friend and find someone you are compatible with .
dating is the process in which we screen for incompatibility congratulations the process worked for you even long-distance .
inform so that he can continue to not have all the sex he wants while you re-enter the dating field .
you 're the crazy man that threw things at them .
no one wants to know that there is one more shitty resource .
at work national service i had to assist in a few autopsies ...
bunnies just reproduce.. it does n't mean anything to them .
talking about all rabbits actually and yes they do breed like rabbits which is why it is so important to never put unfixed bunnies together cause all it takes is 3 seconds and they can actually become pregnant again while pregnant which is a huge health risk to the mom .
no it means the writing is n't great probably limited by netflix .
i literally searched forever for that color to show my stylist but ended up doing my regular blonde cause i thought it was impossible .
they are said to be doing a full tour and if that is true this is probably the only way i could see them coming to boston .
that and there is usually at least one similarity with the headliners of coachella .
just having a couple of months of statements would cover you for that .
and it 's a bmi of 35 which is obese not morbidly obese .
no one is saying it wo n't limit her dating pool or that it 's healthy but also i highly doubt you met only one woman that big because it really is n't that uncommon in western countries .
it 's also not like she 's some disgusting beast that warrants her weight being the brought up all the fucking time especially by someone who is supposed to love her unconditionally .
rox have two all star guards mavericks have one steph and klay being hurt opens up two spots holiday is likely all star dame and mccollum possible as well .
west is def loaded i 've probably even overlooked some .
it 's very rainy and cold there now i 'll do my best to take photos worthy of sharing .
are n't you the rule follower guess that explains your need to have somebody monitor your every action and assess it for you .
before august i would have been petrified but august 's goal was 31500 so this is barely 4000 more .
if i double my move goal every day set to 600 so ... 1200 i 'll nail it no problem .
we 're also traveling in november but we 're going to moab/canyonlands/soutwest utah with the intent to hike up a storm .
if i 'm low at that point those days will more than make up for it .
we 're going down for american thanksgiving leaving that wednesday early enough that we can get in a few hikes that day play it by ear thursday then hike and roam around on that friday saturday and sunday though that sunday is actually december 1 .
if you want to add me to your watch tracking people dm me !
yeah because these actors only work with him and never a movie had an ensemble cast before .
in therapy which is helping but its taking too much time to.get better .
sometimes i feel i can see my life ebbing away
i did actually like it but had to by a new wifi router and do the opentpcast conversion to get it to work well .
also the day i ordered it i had to take the dog to the vet e-mailed them immediately to cancel it .
it shipped 7 days later after which they responded just refuse the delivery '' .
i did not require a signature so it was left at my door .
if you 're having trouble at this point you might want to uninstall and install it back .
could be it is n't a problem with the patch but with the installation of it .
it was probably made fun of by the other skittles in the bag
yeah but look how far away the kangaroo is at the beginning of the clip !
he saw that he way off in the distance and thought see that thing in the sky ?
shaders are pretty taxing unless you 've a really beefy graphics card .
30 fps is n't anything to sneer at if your rig is decent and you want everything to look pretty .
i have been out of bitcoin space for a while .
few years ago coinbase was the favorite child of this sub .
game controllers are not plugged in but other peripherals webcam and such
and i completely agree on what you said it 's just sad how epic went from the best developers on how much they communicate with their community to no communication at all .
this radio silence is ridiculous because they did n't explain why the hell they are doing it .
if they just explain why they prefer doing stuff the silent way the community would n't be as mad .
have you seen our schedule through the december january period ?
the club world cup is not normally a factor in these sort of discussions .
that 's the crux of the issue here without the cwc its be frustrating but totally manageable .
i wanted to love this but i could not get the rhythm of the squat jack part !
jumping off the bench my feet are at each side of the bench so how the heck do you jack your legs in without slamming into the bench ? !
it just felt so awkward to jump off to the sides then try to jump my feet backwards and then go back down into the burpee .
i really felt like i was missing something here ? !
i 've been to a lot of wakes and a few autopsies for school .
how does one go about discreetly asking for this service ?
real exchange between me and a cab driver i was returning from a meeting to home
him nice it 's next to my neighboorhood you got lucky you will be my last passenger today . ''
seeing it was just over 18:00 enough driving for today huh ? ''
the guy was driving 30 hours in a row .
what is life but a teardrop in the eye of infinity ?
certain plastics and rubbers go through a degassing period where they 'll leach smells for a while after being produced .
you may just need to let it air out for a few days .
maria 's dress is pretty but dresses with so much mesh in the front are a little weird cause it looks like her titties are out lol
i feel like this should be a water is wet opportunity but i guess its becoming less and less obvious .
do n't know what i was expecting but that certainly was n't it
carl is in the 10th year of a life sentence when he gets a new cellmate jim .
after taking some time to size jim up and decide that he can trust him carl tells jim about his plan to escape .
you see carl says for the first 5 years i was inside i trained my digestive system to follow my command .
now i can eat something and it comes out broken down into it 's components . ''
carl continues for the last five years i 've been swallowing pieces off my uniform .
it 's perfect because the guards just think it 's rats chewing on it . ''
so jim asks well what does that have to do with me ?
carl says well the pieces of fabric come out as individual fibers .
i figure by this time next year we 'll have enough to fashion enough rope to get over the wall .
i just need you to tie the fibers . ''
jim disgusted says you have got to be kidding me ! ''
this story highlights why trying every intervention technique under the sun except jail time ca n't always be the answer .
this highlights why we need a da who will prosecute repeat low-level offenders who basically flaunt the law and refuse to cooperate with every public resource given to them .
some people will simply never obey the law or exist within the normal confines of society .
some bored rich girl with no talent of her own but clout chasing
from my understanding there is a weight reduction mod and and something called a multi canister mod which adds an additional 2 cannonballs to your cannon .
how about you listen to the people with lifetimes of experience with regard to public health and obesity ?
you 'll notice none of them are gunning for weightloss-by-punishment .
not much time to cast e when wild rakan does the grand entrance from fog of war and proceeds to cc lock you p
idk every time anyone talks about guns someone chimes in to say well what about truck attacks ! ? ''
so by that logic having a vehicle is effective self-defense .
mass produced keys would be injection moulded because it 's still a very cost effective way of manufacture .
that 'll cost more than some of the more expensive 3d printers .
homebrew injection is very few an ironically require 3d printed molds so once again for a single unit not cost effective .
either they take legitimate keys from a keyboard and paint them add decals or 3d print which various of artist make as in actual 3d caps designs or they make molds and cast in resin .
well the fact that he needed money in the first place is strange .
also from what i know about south korea its pretty hardcore capitalist .
how did you cut out the hole for the bottle opener ?
there are people who enjoy some of the current looks .
that being said i do n't have an issue with more variety but to say nobody wants robed looks is kind of shitty .
..i did n't mean to piss on your point ... just that it happened in front of me recently really old lady and the staff member was apologetic to some dude angry about it ..
i casually asked him was he now late for anything important .. and he said no he 's retired 😶😶
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
the jc johann christian bach keyboard concertos and symphonies concertantes by anthony halstead https www.amazon.com/s/ref=dp_byline_sr_music_2 ? ie=utf8 field-artist=anthony+halstead search-alias=music and the hanover band https www.amazon.com/s/ref=dp_byline_sr_music_3 ? ie=utf8 field-artist=the+hanover+band search-alias=music .
jc bach symphonie concertante in b-flat major w. c346 1 .
eldritch foundry just launched a few days ago so they wo n't be as flushed out as hero forge .
two of my friends have ordered from hero forge and they really liked what they could make their only complaint was that it takes a while to get but they are making it custom so it is expected .
i think you have what 's best for your daughter in mind by giving her this ultimatum or i hope you do but maybe putting it into a different perspective would help her see your point of view .
instead of just saying i do n't like this decision so i 'm cutting you off '' what about do you realize the full health risks for this procedure ?
do you realize you could be in recovery for x weeks i believe it 's around 6-8 for that surgery but correct me if i 'm wrong ?
what would you do if you get an infection and have to miss even more school ? ''
maybe it would just make her want to postpone the surgery until summer vacation but imo that is much better at least than doing it in the middle of a school year even if she has a month off for winter break like some schools have .
i would also ask her to give a more solid reason than small boobs suck . ''
i get it 's cosmetic surgery but asking for that may make her think a little more about it .
the unicorn scene is the hardest i 've laughed at anything in recent memory .
well guess this is also a good way to convince people to stop vaping
i am really excited because with one pedal driving and new technology in y you can get over 300 miles on awd .
i had a lot stronger hopes for them in the off season with both alford and pat p but alford is not coming back this year and pat p clearly is n't the same .
we 're not bad with our wr room but having a good strong 3rd would help .
we need isabella to come into his own dude is a speedster and we need a guy like that .
kirk fitz are good in the slot and great route runners but we need a good deep threat so we can open them up more and not have fitz double teamed the whole time .
our o-line is solid just humphries getting a lot of holding calls as usual .
overall we have great coaches and as long as we can keep them for a few years and keim stays off the sauce for the draft i think we can make a playoff run even in this brutal division .
some tines thinks are just forked up like this .
summoner can delete this by sending me this message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nhlcomparebot subject=delete message=f60dwsp
idea that i should have thought of a couple weeks ago a jack-o-lantern but lit by an led with a very cool color temperature
i 've been able to take the bunker door every pmc raid i 've tried it never had it listed as an exfil nor did i ever have to go flip the lever .
hope it 's fixed soon but i kind of like having one normal exfil on reserve p
your post has been removed as a low effort or low quality post .
xqc was at his peak for my viewing experience during ow only personally .
i 'm glad he 's super successful now but i ca n't stand half the people he hangs out with
i graduated but last year some girl wanted to fuck a guy but when she asked he said no .
so she reported him for sexual assault and he went to jail .
i do n't know what he 's up to now but one of my friends knows him and says he got out .
there 's a little button next to the search bar it looks like two lines with circles on them .
there 's a installed locally option in there that should do it
rain dogs and closing time are both great albums .
i think martha off closing time is one of the best love songs ever written .
closing time is definitely gon na be different from rain dogs in terms of waits voice .
it 's a lot smoother '' on closing time than his later work .
i never understood why jon is creeped out by these things until today
this may be just a genetic error but it 's creepy as hell
also just get cyberflix with real debrid if you want to stream .
thanks was n't expecting a pro communist article though .
just need one of you fuckers 2 miles away with the gigalumen to counter this police advancement !
the proof god is real is outside it 's the sky the trees your family love compassion empathy justice space time and matter .
i can not think of any reasonable argument against impeaching trump
the vote was n't to impeach trump it was to start impeachment proceedings .
in other words republicans voted against even hearing about trump 's crimes before they even knew the full extent of the evidence for those crimes .
i 'll just assume you 're a kid since you clearly retained nothing from what i said and because of your deleted reply i beat super mario brothers wii when i was 7 and only died 3 times ''
i felt it once in 2012 regarding my daughter and her step-mom .
as for romantic relationships i can skip easily to the underlying feeling so i 'm in the jealousy phase for about one second .
i suspect that many other people get stuck at the jealousy level because they do n't have as robust a toolbox to use for examing their own emotions .
my so does n't share the same interests or hobbies but is always wanting to know how i get on with them and wants to learn a great trait in a decent woman .
i would have been the first time to get one after trying for months !
i 'm gon na defend her slightly a lot of times instagram makeup looks bad in real life .
but a lot of time it looks particularly terrible with flash .
to the point that theres specific strategies for red carpet makeup because of how different it is from halo lighting whats used by most social media people or real life settings .
i 've seen this exact phenomena in real life .
the girl looked a bit overdone but more or less fine but in a photo she looked like she was wearing halloween makeup.the camera had picked up on stuff that my human eyeballs in normal lighting hadnt .
i 've seen over-drawn lips before that actually look decent irl unless your like 8 inches from their face
corn nuts corn on the cob corn chips corn tortilla
dude you 've replied at least 6 or 7 times over the past few hours to people who are asking you for sources/calling you out for not having sources and either saying do it yourself which is as others have said a tactic used by people who are talking out of their asses or making obviously immature attempts at ‘insulting ' people with the stupid joe mama jokes to defend your opinion as opposed to actually having a discussion or sharing your findings .
i 'm gon na say you care at least a bit in that you want others to believe your opinion for no other reason other than that it 's your opinion and not because you have evidence that proves it .
either provide the sources or give it up my guy .
do these people honestly think capitalists wo n't automate everything the second they can ?
we handed out 200 or so pieces of candy last night and that 's a light halloween for us .
definitely depends though because we get tons of kids but my parents and my either both live in quieter neighborhoods with older folks and do n't get very many trick or treaters .
so i come from games suzch as blazing or dokkan and you usually start playing these games if theres a major celebration coming up .
so my question is if its worth to start now and if so for which character should i reroll ?
or should i wait for stuff like christmas or new year ?
let me know when you 're in the market for your next vehicle then i would n't mind making some easy money .
you want the ball to have a circumference of 12 inches
yeah i never play video games anymore have n't for probably 6 or 7 years .
even if a new ncaa came out i probably would n't buy it gaming has been so watered down .
i really like mobile strategy games but now they are all pretty much pay to win and it is so fucking stupid .
how does one go about it like with the mods and stuff does it need verification and other things ?
but i do n't care that you do n't care .
i 'd go to heidi 's https www.facebook.com/events/1392683320879572 or someplace similar .
pretty much any cheap bar in cph will let you experience the festivities in full '' .
oh man now i need to see someone to edit the intro music right when the hit connects .
this is the number one argument against the healing powers of prayer .
next time someone tells you anything is possible and miracles can happen ask them earnestly
can an amputee can regrow a limb by praying ?
at this point look closely and you 'll actually see their brain short circuit .
so mad cunt '' is ok but we 're drawing the line at f ?
i never even said i use the site lol it was just a comparison to liveleak as everyone seems to think it 's so terrible .
absolutely the do and the amish are big users of heroine ... christians practicing hate not love and forgiveness
the list goes on of religious people ignoring the teachings of their faith are bending to rules to allow it .
i was more pointing out the teachings not the interpretation of it
legosi if you want someone to rest your head on you just had to ask .
also will be headrest for anyone else if they want me to.
edit the country is not responsible of greedy contractor actions which happens all over the world .. they held an investigations and declared over and over that the safety of workers is a priority
they didnt start naming projects done by uk/usa/france that historically cost thousands of lives .. the acknowledged it and did the proper action
these propaganda was pushed by competing countries for obvious reasons
zion cheats and you do n't get a damn thing for winning .
the system for the dunk contest is n't in any other aspect of the game it 's just some timing bs and pretty lame .
tolkien bless you and may the hair on your toes never fall out .
mom had said it was my turn to repost this !
this is fun for all and also exercise for the dog if you own him you should get a slide 4 him .
the media and deep state going after trump is just one half of the picture laying off on hillary clinton 's emails obama 's spying and biden 's abuse of power to enrich his family are what confirm it 's a de facto coup .
i went back and found the link youtu.be/5o1djj13gru ? t=11m48s https youtu.be/5o1djj13gru ? t=11m48s .
video from september saying scalable is n't part of their plans for simplicity '' .
for those who are interested the mattes in this palette is awful .
it was pressed too hard and you 'd barely get any pigment upon first dip .
i even took the palette to nd 's store in nyc to ask the makeup artists how to use the mattes .
she pressed so hard on my palette trying to get pigment and she broke the entire pan lolll ! !
now i 'm going to scroll away as fast as possible .
😯 remember when i said your lips are dynamite ?
just when something breaks try it without optifine first before reporting an issue and if it is caused by optifine report it to optifine .
almost like xhaka is slow and negative and everyone including professionals pundits and matchday fans at the ground have been right all along .
it 's that desperate that i 'm going on to career until it 's fixed
avoid all emulators or you are risking a ban for 10yrs .
though i guess i do n't quite understand the positioning of the tv .
it would make sense if you were making the space directly across from the tv available for seating so you have a cross-talk '' seating arrangement but i think it 's odd to have the couch just facing a storage unit/bookshelf .
seems like you might as well put the tv there .
dude deserves it after how he was robbed against gladbach
interesting i have a few mixed studies involving increases of about 34 percent between the ages of 25-34 but i believe yours is much more accurate .
yours also states 54 of that 90 return home at some point .
y'all fuckers never heard of praying for the president ? !
he was holding out so nobody wanted to pick him up .
and then cook circled back to me in the second round .
when i asked why nobody picked him up they were scared cause they thought he was injury prone .
because if the car were largely smooth and without all the weird styling elements you 'd see just how awful and large it truly looks due to safety regulations .
huge flat tall doors with tiny windows big flat large grill substantially larger than anything 20 years ago of the same type etc .
got ta cover up the ugly with a different ugly .
windows 10 is ok i just hate that i come back to it to find it 's restarted sometimes even though i set it to not restart until i tell it .
also the settings screens are absolute fucking garbage getting in the way of the screens from 7 that are still there hiding behind some bullshit android looking interface .
she did n't raise awareness about something people did n't already know though .
i thought what she did was n't bad or anything cuz she 's just a kid but out of nowhere organizations are trying to give her 20,000 for what she did '' when she did n't do anything but repeat what everyone 's already been saying .
no one ever proved male masturbation was n't mass murder .
or in some cases even if it does n't get stolen tahngarth first mate
is nobody gon na mention the missing shadow of the nunchucks ?
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=has anyone dated a stripper without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i had something similar commissioned for my lotus and i love it .
the comments in here are a shitshow but hopefully it wo n't discourage you from continuing to draw and post .
you think someone is giving you this info for free ? ?
was just pointing it out as an interesting factoid .
i ended up circumventing the issue by getting an inexpensive usb soundcard .
i tried every solution imaginable but it most likely is some hardware issue causing the static .
since i 've heard of people getting their laptop back from lenovo without any improvement i did n't feel like sending it back to china for so long .
it always feels strange to share past experiences with guys you 're interested in .
i find it a bit off putting honestly so i personally either steer away from that type of chat .
i am also turned off by guys who need to tell me how much they fuck or about all their wild experiences .
it 's like being on a date and talking about an ex .
also what you do or have done is none of their business beyond are you tested regularly and what 's your status ?
thank you you are so nice and i wish you all the best .
i am a host of a d d podcast and have done stand up comedy in my spare time .
great pussy shot but who bokehs boobs that nice ?
roundabout way of saying he is n't rich enough .
did they ever release the mkx wiz khalifa song ?
mom says it 's my turn to post this tomorrow
reyes arguably lost to oezdemir so i do n't see him beating jones but the jones-santos fight was very competitive..
that means the input to the light would receive dc voltage .
if you want to hardwire it to an outlet you 'll need a transformer to step it down to a lower voltage and 4 diodes to rectify it to dc from ac .
these links do n't give a name plate on the product saying what voltage it requires so you do n't really know for sure
dang he 's such a dude that 's sad to hear
ah well he 'll be a big name at wr in the draft
that phrase should be part of their family crest .
i think we have different social norms about that though .
if the shape of male/female nipples or lower parts are clearly visible that 's not unexpected in a gym setting with fitness clothing .
but if somebody was repeatedly doing an exercise where their pants completely slipped off their butt i would n't be comfortable with being mooned .
you should ask a question that you genuinely want the answer to .
in the past i tried to ask smart questions or questions that might impress people .
i 've got enough experience to ask pertinent questions that i want to know about the company .
is it still dependent on investor funding especially relevant for startups/young companies ?
how does that department relate with the other departments ?
is the hr department a robust advocate for employees or is it one person checking some boxes for the company ?
do they have happy hours or is it dunder mifflin cake parties ?
is the ceo politically dogmatic or fiscally conservative or a dynamic personality ?
edit i shit you not these are all based on jobs i 've actually had .
you ca n't predict your job or truly know it until you start but you might want to get some real info to make an informed decision .
she didnt mean personally but as a rule her culture disregards melanin .
i grew up under a korean woman and my irish parents didnt prepare me for the impact of living in two contrasting mindsets
and at the very same time people complain about pay2win etc.. feel weird .
first no one can predict how long your purge will last !
be patient and accept this robot hug while you wait .
the purge can be tough but so many people have gotten through it you can too !
second no one can predict whether or not you will purge !
if you do n't currently have active acne it 's less likely but still possible .
third if your purge lasts for longer than 6 months or seems really extreme talk to your dermatologist !
https www.reddit.com/r/tretinoin/wiki/index it contains lots of tips about starting out including everything your doctor should have told you .
https www.reddit.com/r/tretinoin/wiki/tret-instructions you can also post in the monthly help thread it 's stickied to the top of the sub every week !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tretinoin if you have any questions or concerns .
ah yes but only be skeptical of things you say we should be .
in fact it should be a crime to be skeptical of him .
hydrogen fuel cell vehicles make a lot more sense for freight hauling than personal transport .
they are a lot less restricted for volume than cars so they can have huge hydrogen tanks at lower pressures .
they might be even more viable than electric trucks due to the weight of the massive batteries eating into the payload capacity .
these jewish immigrants who have mixed a lot with foreigners we 're talking about were n't living in exile .
they were born and raised in europe and africa for many generations despite being able to move to many places .
the government in palestine changed many times over for thousands of years .
exile is a policy and that policy did n't exist for much of the history .
the racist policies like how none of the political parties accepting to cooperate with any of the arab parties the racist immigration policy that only allows in jews and not even the very same palestinians who used to live there .
there is a policy of colonial settlement in the west bank that only allows jewish israelis the opportunity to live a government subsidized lifestyle in the internationally recognized occupied palestinian territories the blockade and ghetto '' imposed on the citizens of gaza where they 're dehumanized by having them collectively labeled as hamas '' to legitimize the collective punishment ...
please dont let up please dont let please dont let up please dont let up
which makes sense and i want to get there early too but i 'm already planning on being early i do n't want to be an extra half hour early on top of that ...
this is a very complicated and sensitive topic that we on the mod team try to find a balance in dealing with .
we absolutely do not condone gatekeeping or belittling others experiences .
we allow people to vent their feelings and want everyone to feel like this is a place where everyone can safely express their turmoil .
we understand that people and situations can be triggering and a source of anxiety .
we want people to be able to talk about what bothers them .
but that means that there is a responsibility on everyone to stay civil and talk in a respective manner .
this includes things and topics that might cause negative feelings .
as for incel and femcel mentalities we are quite strict about those .
things like lookmaxing or negative generalisations of any gender do not belong here .
we will lock and if need be remove the posts and comments that we feel in our opinion is detrimental to this sub .
everyone might not always agree with everything but we will do our best to be fair and make this place as helpful as possible .
i hate it when she says as badass as they come .
subscribed and watched for 2 minutes please return the favor and sub and watch 2 minutes https youtu.be/tpmgoe7vlyc
people flaming theshy meanwhile i am sitting here wishing to be 10 of the player he is .
that 's true hopefully it 's not as bad as the city map .
hello u/tspoonlady your submission has been removed from r/warframe because it is a disallowed post r/warframe/wiki/other_disallowed_posts wiki_disallowed_posts .
if you would like more information about this removal please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/warframe subject=disallowed 20post message=hello 20moderators 20of 20/r/warframe 0a 0amy 20 submission https www.reddit.com/r/warframe/comments/dqhf62 20has 20been 20removed 3b 20i 20would 20like 20you 20to 20reconsider 20because .
do n't go to shitholes full of people that have no morals .
you should go caroling and give out halloween candy as you go !
at the very least they should remove hardcoded limits to modding so modders can do all sorts of stuff to the game .
cut off your left leg to complete the costume .
my birthday 's close to ivy day so you bet i 'm gon na be sad with all the rejeccs .
i love wwe crossover 's because it always give you a chance to size up wrestlers in the ring backstage against each other ...
street profits being the same height taller dawkins drew mcintyre .
sorry but no w/d going from 50g to 20g none at all .
we 're going to dismantle the legislative and judicial branches .
you 're a grown man do something about it .
can we at least wait til these go into testing please before spouting all this doom and gloom ?
1 i wouldnt exactly call it insane '' torpedo power when hindi 's is marginally better ...
dude this is my profile picture finally someone recognises the chonky overlord which is biggie cheese .
person at the checkout refused to sell me a 6 pack of beer because i did n't have a valid driver 's license '' .
i had a valid class c michigan drivers license with a cycle endorsement because i grew up riding motorcycles and used to work landscaping .
class c allows a driver to pull moderate-weight tractor trailers and other equipment .
it is absolutely a valid driver 's license and the only one i am issued .
i do n't think it was an issue of ignorance the person was aware that class c licenses are called chauffers licenses and had a driver 's licence book which he produced but insisted that i must also have a class d driver 's license '' at home which i should go retrieve in order to get my beer .
i should also mention that i was 100 sober and polite during this interaction and have an appearance which is consistent with an adult male so there was really no reason to refuse me sale otherwise .
it was my first week in the chicago area and i had negative money except credit until my first paycheck and an empty apartment no tv couch bed etc .
i just wanted a few beers before i fell asleep in a blow-up mattress on the floor .
i went to jewel osco they sold me beer i drank it at home and patronized jewel osco from there on out .
i 'll go to mariano 's with friends but they 've lost thousands of dollars in revenue from me since as i still refuse to go there .
it 's the only place in the us and in the world that i 've ever had an experience like that .
within 3 days my pup was ringing the bell to go potty .
on day 7 he rang the bell literally constantly to go outside edit and play .
we 're trying again when he 's more mature .
this is the never successful bail water out of the boat but do n't plug the hole '' theory of management .
sure you can put up with a 10 decrease in productivity for the foreseeable future or you can eat an 80 decrease for a month with the promise of a 10 increase in 4 months .
just because i 'm right does n't mean i ca n't hate myself
the only bright spot to this game if you 're a magic fan is that it 's over now and the big bad bucks ca n't hurt us anymore .
so it 's too late for the november 2019 bundle even signing up today ?
yeah they 're jacked up after it made me login to call support i got a message saying i logged in on a new device in brooklyn new york i 'm in southeastern virginia lol
here is a thread from the kodi forums that might help you trace the issue .
nta he should be thankful your kids have such a great mom to take them trick or treating .
no ... the folks who have the best chance of beating trump are the ones that are consistently and almost invariably crushing him in general election polls and poll highly with democratic voters .
it absolutely would not be a winning strategy to alienate a huge portion of highly energized and enthusiastic young liberal voters to try and get a handful of moderate conservatives that are looking for an alternative to trump .
trump still has around a 90 approval rating among republicans of the 10 that disapprove most of them probably still would never vote for a democrat .
maybe 1 of republicans would vote for tulsi which is not nearly worth extinguishing the enthusiasm that the millions of young people have to vote and be engaged in the election because there is a chance someone who will actually represent them may win the primary .
great news i shall order one when i get home
wolf because that 'd be metal af 😂 and i love wolves
ukrops-though in retrospect no alcohol sales and closed on sundays was n't the most convenient thing in the world the hometown feel was the best .
i honestly ca n't believe people are okay with this .
being forced to share a world is absolute trash means the game is unplayable offline and you ca n't play alone .
every time a game with this terrible mechanic is announced they say it will support solo '' play fallout 76 said the same thing .
i was actually excited too but i would never buy a game that gives you to share a world .
i use paint.net https www.getpaint.net open that template and select all copy then just paste and resize over another image
how much exactly do you pay for a video ?
nothing a little resiliency training could n't fix ca n't have you bringing down your unit 's readiness numbers can we ?
ca n't go wrong with either one of them .
are you doing your inktober in harvest moon style ?
i think i read that right i think that would be adorable ! !
it was a big part of mine as well !
it 's the type of game i have no idea where i got it from because it 's not super popular or well known it seems .
i 'm not sure i understand your point externalities are well understood although they of course are not always perfectly equated for .
it 's why we tax things like petrol cigarettes alcohol and gambling .
whilst subsidising things like education and health because of the positive externalities they bring .
we could certainly tax and subsidise more things and more efficiently .
but it 's a tangential argument to the state running things .
however i 'm torn between giving a check or a bond.🤔
it 's common place to turn your lights off and have no decorations if you dont want to participate people are understand
woulda been pretty good if the guy was n't black .
you 've got to define your terms with precision .
it 's easy to spot folks who are not from around here .
tourists stick out because they do n't look like they 're comfortably at home .
i wear fluorescents and colors when i 'm at home and i wear the same obnoxious wardrobe traveling for that very reason i 'm not from around here relatively harmless see me here in the crosswalk .
the brand color or size of backpack you 're wearing will make absolutely no difference in making you look less like a visitor in a strange land .
already edited way before you commented to accommodate the downvotes that i figured these were shiny forms and that even not shiny differences still stand .
btw is the regular coloring leaked or photoshop cuz the brown on grookey looks weird
the behavioral economists have done the math and come to the conclusion that most kinds of purchase protection is a waste of money .
it plays on our psychological aversion to risk combined with our inability to understand probability .
a 100 year old house has a much higher chance of needing an 8000 plumbing repair than a new computer will need a 300 repair .
i 'm gon na have to show that by following
there is a ton of things that could cause this but i had a similar issue when i let a keg get over pressurized by mistake .
if this is the case turn the c02 to 6 or 7 psi if this helps over time leave it at this psi until it corrects itself then slowly build back up as needed .
the air will go out of the cracks in the case .
as long as you 're bringing fresh air into the rad and have air moving over your components inside no big deal really .
it would be good to at least have an exhaust but it 'll be fine until you get you some fans .
i thought about shaving a porcupine but it would be pointless .
if he 's an additional insured on a renter 's policy then anything his renter does to damage his home would not be covered under the liability section of the policy .
i hope you have enjoyed your time on our earth .
if we make a bowl now i 'll kiss your ass and give you ten minutes to draw a crowd .
honestly a new start is n't as bad as it seems .
i 'm not even near to the situation you 're in but i move all the time due to my parents .
not just a couple towns either full on states it does suck to leave friend 's but you 'll make new ones .
you could also stay in contact with them i have a lot of friends from places i 've lived that i 'm not even close to drifting away from .
and yeah it 's hard as hell but it works .
i 'm very sorry for your situation hope it works out .
it 's not about how much he will still have but how much of an impact will such regulation have .
he would have to sell equity in amazon to cover expenses .
selling bulk amount could negatively affect its value impacting many regular people who have that in retirement accounts in portfolios .
even if one year does n't do have a negative impact doing it every year will .
that does n't even consider the fact that those values can drop due to market and economic conditions .
secondly and this might be mostly conjecture but i 'd be concerned that annual bulk sales of wealth by all people affected would lead to foreign purchases assuming those with the wealth have n't figured out a way to avoid it .
not sure if that 's something warren or sanders is considering .
if the match making takes to long the game will than open the pool of players you can match with .
they than make it so you can match with kbm .
but currently i think it 's broken and goes to that option to fast
you are n't obligated to attend a wedding and jeopardize your own employment to do so .
you also are n't obligated to move out of your own home for an entire month to care for your friends dog .
nice goalpost move but it does n't change the fact that boris ' words are n't worth the hot air from his hair dryer .
believe them at your own peril at the peril of the entire uk and how is that going recently ?
do tory or leave voters have good outcomes to show for their decisions ?
i had someone walk me through rooting the v20 and installing custom rom but it caused more harm than good .
lost a lot of functions and it was constantly telling me no apps were secure anymore .
a neutral good cleric/fighter who serves a female deity of battle sovereignty magic and self determination .
my domains would be war and freedom and i 'd likely favor the longsword .
my biggest weakness would be my need to see justice done and having a 'saving people thing ' in that i could n't let it go when someone was in need of help .
trade pending between our undefeated commissioner and 1-7 team .
one day down the road that clutch play in the stretch is going to win a big game or a playoff game .
why does it seem like capela is getting so little run ?
she clearly connected with the crowd but it depends on how she is with the mic .
man adam cole is my favorite wrestler on the roster .
wwe needs to have good episodes like this every week .
why do they have to have shitty episodes every week
i 've had a few men question me on my choice to get surgery asking me why i dont try fasting and such i get tired of educating them on the why how and that it 's not easy
would you say oops if i came all over your tongue ?
make sure you have a support post next to it to help it grow straight also makes the tree look more legitimate .
you can get special covers that protect the bottom of the tree from dog pee too .
you already got the god levi unit so i suggest that you 'd save up your crystals instead .
lazy weekend once and awhile no biggy but people generally need to move .
i saw an unmarked late 90's/early 2000 's all black jeep cherokee light up their police lights through the grill to pull someone over after the last oregon ducks football game .
it 's probably normally used for undercover work but who knows .
inb4 pay 60 bucks for panda polar black bear mtx
comcast not really because monopoly but i give them as little as possible .
local donut shop cause trump supporters/only play fox 'news ' .
okay ... you sound like you have my husband 's perspective on why he thinks what he did was okay .
i had sex at a party and he did not .
and we never texted again or had dinner or spent a moment alone .
but of course he says sex outside of marriage is sex outside of marriage 🤷‍♀️
if you 're pretty certain that you 're not over watering you could try watering a bit more frequently .
but does n't that result in her getting btfo in the next primary ?
that 's what happens when a class of medication that has n't been found to be particularly useful for anything still generates billions in revenue .
i thought it was interesting that a few other people were bashing them in r/supplements earlier .
typically reddit loves their antidepressants with a blind passion .
me 59 because y'all ignored 7 squared guy and that was 49
liam obviously has knowledge of d d but i do n't think the way he played caleb was meta .
caleb is a wizard he studies magics very closely .
khan academy was really helpful when i was in middle school .
a spell that does n't heal you but makes your wounds look simply adorable ...
yeah the truth is that online fps are full of cheaters .
using programs to pull your location out of the game 's ram and auto aim there .
so because your youngest trusted you to do the honorable ethical thing and safeguard her last 20 she comes out behind .
guess she should have just assumed her own parents would steal for her in order go subdize her big sister 's choices .
he drew his power from the countless souls within frostmourne .
give it to bolvar and he will put up a better fight
unfortunately your post does n't follow the naming rule as described in this post http www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/2u8n5h/me_irl .
since your post was n't properly titled i was ordered by my programming to remove it .
i had no choice but to do so as i am a robot with no free will .
titles containing certain characters may cause your post to be removed because i 'm trained to read unicode characters .
many emojis actually look like more than one character to me .
moderators will not approve a post with this removal message so please do n't ask .
instead you can title your post me irl '' or me_irl '' but you are free to try other titles !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/me_irl if you have any questions or concerns .
eh when i hit them back i 'm like well you assaulted me first so lol .
but laws can be funny on those kinds of things 🥴
hope this is going somewhere that stays consistently at 70 degrees .
it 's always felt like a hybrid to me .
also any recomendations for a replacement for the bells ?
also the drums ... .i feel like they are typicall .
as to your first question i think i would have asked him not to talk to our friends .
i am very grateful this all happened not all the crap here in the post relating to my husband but all the stuff that finally got to a breaking point with my family it kind of forced me to get the help to start healing from all of my trauma .
and i 've been sober 6 months now i do n't know that i would say i 'm an alcoholic but you know the saying i 'd rather make the assumption i am and not drink than make the assumption i 'm not and prove that i am !
either way taking the time to start healing before things got bad was a really good choice these consequences of doing that aside .
apologize and tell him i 'll buy him some alcohol .
i visited canada as a kid about 15 years ago and wished we had them.. it was an amazing chocolatey experience.. glad to know i caught them at the tail end of greatness .
i 've been sneaking up on them this whole time .
your most likely the fat kid in the group that does what ever the other kids say and do just to fit in
i do n't know there 's a lot of dudes in the scene right now that are ape-ing the old look and sound that are way worse songwriters than this guy .
i agree some videos are hokey but he seems like an appalachian crust punk and that 's gon na happen .
the guys songs and voice come from the heart and that 's hard to find these days .
hard past little cheesy little try hard but damn i 'm gon na eat it up .
some of the less popular guys he came up with are awesome .
check out hill country devil for some real heart-wrenching shit .
these guys can be hokey because they 've seen the other side and came back .
did not see that but im glad were on the same page complete stranger .
well fuck considering your parody instantly reminded me of that i guess mission accomplished friend
if you say sony '' or microsoft '' people do n't think about playstation or xbox first .
and we both know that these companies have many more monetization areas .
rep. louie gohmert r-texas called the impeachment inquiry a coup '' against president trump .
donald trump 's entire presidency has been a coup against the constitution .
ps there 's no such thing as a coup '' against the president .
there can only be a coup against the government and the united states constitution defines our country 's government .
if republicans are set on that attitude there can be no forgiveness for them .
the 116th congress was duly elected in november 2018 and article i section 2 https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/article_one_of_the_united_states_constitution clause_5 speaker_and_other_officers impeachment of the constitution authorizes the house of representatives to investigate presidential misconduct .
'' never in the history of this country have we had such gross unfairness that one party would put armed guards with guns to prevent the duly authorized people from being able to hear the witnesses and see them for themselves ''
public hearing of witnesses is for trials not investigations .
never in the history of this country have we had a party republicans that was so bent on violently subverting the rule of law that they forced the other party democrats to post guards outside conference rooms in order to prevent unauthorized individuals from terrorizing witnesses during an investigation .
beautiful view beautiful martha hunt i wish i was there i wish i was with her
you can see hyderabad india standing out as a small green dot in the middle .
the cultural mix of religions is very evident and highly celebrated in the city .
i feel very strongly about not letting selfishness kill innocent people .
i do n't think this can be applied to player with 200 kills vs player with 2k kills '' situation .
the explosion '' lasted https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cambrian_explosion somewhere between 13 and 25 million years .
the same way it was taught when someone else asked the same question last month .
2 and a half years in my current company .
my personal growth has slowed a lot for the past 3 months .
time to resign since i 'm no longer getting what i want from the company .
hopefully we can get it someday like for a 10 year anniversary or something
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
man posts like these and all that happened after the ly final it 's been emo hours so often lately ugh .
but it 's still such a beautiful thing to see !
looks like some shit you 'd see in the outer worlds .
i do n't have a walmart at my place but i 'm reading sams book .
i got it at 7:30 am with no fog just listen to the plant and if it sounds like bigfoot you 're good
the prequels has a few bad things that left sour tastes in people 's mouths but overall the experience was still enjoyable and still felt like star wars .
the sequels are deliberately contrarian to all prior themes in star wars ' past have lore-breaking and physics-breaking moments the new characters are incredibly either bland or a checkbox and have made the ot pointless .
programming is extremely marketable in that you can find a high paying job without a degree but the people with graduate degrees in it masters will get all the best jobs .
in france and switzerland at least but surely in other countries too they do n't use bpa anymore .
i was there too but there 's no excuse nowadays
i prefer to hang mine on the wall and cry
amazing story but i would like to call it a synchronicity instead of coincidence .
i had the similiar thing since i heard about those courses and found out about retreats centres here in uk that was my goal limited only by my work and holidays .
and then out of the bat my company introduced the possibility to buy the holiday '' program and guess what ... exactly 10 days i did n't hesitate even a day and ended up on the retreat a few days after .
it 's nice to do things your passionate about .
i remember seeing a movie called in a world .
i do n't remember much since it was a long time .
in fairness it did actually happen in canada yesterday with some edibles although they were clearly packaged so it must have been a mistake .
i 'm rubber and you 're glue whatever you say bounces off of me and sticks to you .
yeh i kept texting him also because i did some photography for him and i edited the pics and have been trying to ask him about it but i guess he does n't want them ?
i mean i 'm an older millennial '' and i can guarantee all the gross sexual stuff we talked about in high school nobody was talking about eating ass .
lots of porn has it like no worries here .
got ta pass on this one i 'm looking for some squirtle cheeks to clap babaye
silly tat in a few years you 'll question why .
edit just do n't know the meaning or significance of it i guess .
but they 'll be able to see people eat it right in front of their faces .
i created an account when another user started witch hunting me because i cared more about anonymity than i do imaginary internet points .
now i keep getting permanently suspended for connected accounts '' and linked to the content policy which just confirms that i did nothing wrong .
you 're a fool if you think la losing is bad for ratings
romantic relationships are good but i do n't have a huge drive to date especially via online dating like i used to .
i almost feel like i 'd prefer it more organically .
but that said i 'm def smoother get hit on more and feel a bit more confident .
just for the record it 's not night and day .
sometimes i still feel insecure anxious and out of it .
but i think that 's just being human sleep diet lifestyle etc .
iirc they mentioned prayer beads being looked at specifically not removed or anything but i know they said it by name .
it may not of been the vod though just a post .
i remember seeing a reddit comment from bvhr on the recent ptb test when people bitched wow nurse rework and now spirit still strong no pb changes xd '' and they said they are working on them it will come in time .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
i 'd love for you to help me become a sissy
i do n't eat wild caught fish on fridays it 's a thing i do called farmed fish fridays .
i know vegan '' is n't the right word what should i call myself ?
note that the blue area here includes the even larger gdp of greater tokyo .
someone may have already mentioned this but if you intend to have an ultrasound to find out the gender of the baby maybe compromise and allow him to be at that one appointment .
since this is his first child as well he may want to be there for certain things but might not care as much about going to every check up .
ultimately it is your decision who is at your appointments but imo if you want to have a healthy coparenting situation completely cutting him out could create resentments that will be hard to overcome .
nah but tread carefully your life will be intertwined with his for 18 years .
how many times has the drug dealer ever actually has a the first time is free policy ?
maybe one of your professors is trying their best to learn to lighten up every now and then right as we speak !
hello this is just a friendly reminder to please use a post flair when adding new posts to r/asexual .
we ask this in advance just to let everyone know what type of post each post is as well as the intentions and
we value all who come here but we just need each post made to have a flair to designate
we 're thankful you chose to come to r/asexual .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asexual if you have any questions or concerns .
ok. takes a deep breath in and out literally just finished watching everything .
i tried not to overthink things and it made everything much easier to cope with .
kemba is 100 going to be matched onto a way longer and taller defender and there wo n't be enough time to set up the offense
that or they 'll just foul him hard he 's a killer but you ca n't rely on the refs on the last play of the game .
low end pc gamers are just cucked no matter what as time moves on and games continue to upgrade .
i would rather lose with rosen then win with brady .
man i love seeing nate be such a big deal .
it 's so cool to watch him go from being nick 's little brother to being the more famous brother lol
my head cannon is that emily makes sure all tracer 's pants fit that way .
even if they got engaged soon they did n't this is clickbait .
kaitlyn is older and is getting close to the age where having kids becomes more dangerous and probably more expensive .
getting engaged quickly is the name of the game for bn and plenty of couples have been successful after a quick engagement .
oh yeah i agree that i should heal if i unhook .
i was referring to if i was heading to them and then they got unhooked by someone else .
i would n't keep heading to them because they are n't there but what you describe seems like a different situation to me because then i wonder if you were even tunneling ?
did you intentionally go for them because they were the last on hooked or did you just happen to run into them while looking for a survivor ?
i also do n't like to work on the same gen as other survivors because you are slowing yourself down unless it 's specific situations .
it 's better to divide and conquer gens in most situations so even after i heal them i would go to get on my own gen unless they are on one in the center of the map or if it 's the last gen
terrible pass by cojo lucky barnes hustled his ass back
scrolling ft is n't so bad while it downloads tho
that may be true but 20 minutes is long on a flight .
if you got ta do it 4 times a flight that 's 1 hr 20 minutes that it 's sitting there charging .
hang on lem me pause my avengers movie for 20 minutes .
for those dungeons that farm the ascension mats the funny multicoloured glyph things do you still have to run each dungeon separately ?
or can i just run the highest tier dungeon ?
i used to play a ton of kr but it was before the dispatch update so it was a fair bit time consuming
im a bigtime completionist and i basically only play destiny and i play a ton ... . went from 55 to 60k dust at the season start to 24k already .
ive done all the 200dust bounties each week on all 3 characters as well as loads and loads of the repeatable 10 dust bounties .
ive got to ration my dust for the first time and only buy a select few things where previous seasons it was no issue to buy everything available for dust .
then to add onto the ridiculousness this season has an insane amount of silver only items far more than any other season .
so not only can i not get everything available for dust theres a huge chunk of stuff thats only available for cash as well .
in previous seasons i got every item offered for dust and didnt mind occasionally dropping some cash on silver for the few silver only items .
not a chance ill buy any silver with this exploitative model theyve switched to .
i mean personally dispatch is always wrong to me no matter whose fave they 're stalking .
i also do n't see any particular value in exposing the facts to the public in this case .
the horus heresy novels by dan abnett are imo a must read very much fantastic .
i also loved the emperor 's gift by aaron dembski-bowden wich talks about grey knights if that pokes your interest .
if you like the human side of things the eisenhorn trilogy is also really amazing to read imo .
id like to use a world with the same geography but when i input the seed names they dont work
per drink seems on par/slightly lower than restaurant printing which i would think would be average but all the venues we looked at priced drinks per hour per person with an open bar costing 70-100 per person maybe some venues were more ?
https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20touchback message=the 20kick 20goes 20into 20the 20end 20zone 2c 20touchback
it 's 1st and 10 on the stanford 25 .
kids movie '' is stretching it but it somehow got rated g in the us so ...
speed racer https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=d49c90ylfdo get that weak shit off my fucking track !
i would say apple but really the other options are n't much better .
this actually just makes me sad cus i dunno it sucks but a youtuber runs it/plays on it '' is basically darkrp these days .
he jumped the gun every time he was thrown out he tries to predict the drop that 's why he wins so much .
i have access to two different corporate discounts as well as military discount and none of them offer anything on airpods pro .
i 'm not trying to talk you down but promotions usually come upon availability .
you should have the discussion still and let your manager know you think you would be a great fit for any opening leadership roles but do n't be overly pushy about it .
i think i deserve it does nothing is there is n't a position open for you to fill .
talking down angie or requesting her shift wo n't make you look better and definitely does n't advertise people person .
you might be way more qualified than her and better able to handle her job but if your manager is n't willing to move people around just yet or she is n't at risk of being fired you 'll still have to learn to work with her .
by your own post you 've discussed your opposition to it multiple times .
she 's probably tired of it and you do n't know what her labia feel like to her .
long labia which are normal can nevertheless cause problems with comfort.they can be more likely to get irritated can be more prone to injury .
if one gets folded over during a ride on the meat stick slip and slide it can get swollen and feel bruised .
if the seam of pants hits wrong in the crotch this can happen in any pair of pants not just tight ones and buying a bigger size is n't always realistic it can be irritating and potentially cause a more hospitable environment for yeast .
try walking around with the seam of your jeans rubbing against the tip of your dick all day .
mine are similar they may not necessarily like '' it but they get it if that makes sense
from a childfree person with background in psych please do n't assume what kind of a parent one will or wo n't be by their own history .
some of the worst parents i 've seen are the ones who were raised well come from good families etc .
so yeah the whole you 'll beat the shit out of your kids because that 's what happened to you '' ?
i dislike children as a whole they 're loud snot-nosed money-sucking poop machines .
it 's a new and growing news service that actually does journalism in pre-derangement terms its slightly left libertarian ...
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
i am baffled by how many people bought in to the article .
a simple google search is in order when presented with such profound findings .
edit for those who said they are not very consistent take note of the styles such as bold curve slight curve ... never have a problem after i figured that out .
i do n't think i said look tough '' but more like confident .
and of course it is not intimidating '' to some people .
it 's just a part of the overall concept of self defense . ''
i was watching the unicorn yesterday and i totally bought him as a nice normal dude .
i realized i had only seen him play the villain .
dude is a great actor and i 'm happy that he 's getting work .
all of john 's hacking in terminator 2 was just plugging in that chip reader that hacked '' for him .
his comment about needing a village to raise john is stupid that john turned into a brat after he got separated from his mother and put into foster care since he was raised by sarah and told he would the savior of mankind but
he was acting out and he was 10 years old when he found out that it was all a lie '' which it was n't so of course being a kid and finding out his life was a lie '' he would not be freaking well adjusted to living a normal life when he has lived his life on the run in multiple countries with random men .
sarah had this to say about watching the terminator with him
some of them obviously were n't that good of a father figure or person to be around growing up but had skills that she needed .
maybe sarah learned the hacking first before john was even old enough to understand it from the age of 1-5 he would not have nay idea what hacking was but she could have learned it and moved onto the next guy .
we do n't know exactly what she learned and when he was old enough to learn it and understand it .
it is utterly ridiculous to claim dani could not become that type of leader before legion becomes self aware .
sarah is alive and obviously still has contacts like the major dean and presuambly others who can still help train dani not to mention again this is a sarah connor with 22 more years of experience compared to the 10 years she had in terminator 2 .
dani was shown to be an intelligent woman when she recognized that her job and others at the factory were inevitably gon na be replaced by the machines .
there was n't enough in the film to develop her personality and character and that is a weak spot of the film but claiming she can not become a leader and that highly skilled is bs .
sarah connor did it in 10 years at the same age and she was just a waitress .
we do n't know for sure john may be nothing without sarah and others .
he is still an intelligent kid as we saw in terminator 2 .
we saw only 1 person in the actual terminator 2 film with connection to sarah 's underground life .
terminator 3 has been retconned too now with terminator dark fate and we do n't know if john would have really turned out like that if he had grown up with sarah still alive since sarah died of cancer in terminator 3 by the year 2005 since it takes place 10 years after terminator 2 .
also his comment about the terminator growing emotions is also bs as terminator 2 already established they can grow but never fully do .
because it knew that with the chip in his head skynet will always be able to come back so it had to be destroyed .
well that is a load of bs since t-800 can grow emotions now and skynet does n't fucking matter since it still died with the t-800 being alive .
we learned in terminator 2 from this line and scene in the autoshop garage
john can you learn stuff that you have n't been programmed with so you can be you know more human and not such a dork all the time ?
t-800 my cpu is a neural net processor a learning computer .
the more contact i have with humans the more i learn .
we just cry ... you know when it hurts .
it 's when there 's nothing wrong with you but you hurt anyway .
and at the end of the film he learns '' along with the other comments with him using catch phrases and trying to sound more human .
t-800 i know now why you cry but it is something i can never do https youtu.be/cmmbbo8ryoe ? t=35
the terminator obviously can with his neural net processor grow close enough to human and do n't forget carl has been with humans for 22 years growing and learning while the t-800 in terminator 2 was with john for less than a week .
it even in dark fate answered that it can not truly love but it does feel something .
the ending of terminator 2 had https youtu.be/llztxisi6va ? t=277 sarah say this about the terminator .
that t-800 also fulfilled its mission and since they can not self terminate as established in terminator 2 and it seem like skynet did n't plant a fail safe for it to make sure it is created it had no purpose like he said in the film until he raised a family .
it never fell into some company factory to give them pieces to reverse engineer into skynet so there would be no new skynet except legion was something else humans did .
sarah connor would have made sure to destroy the other terminators that carl kept texting to her thoroughly enough to leave no evidence behind hopefully after learning from her mistake in terminator 1 .
though we do n't know if she cleaned up carl/rev-9/grace at the dam or if the border patrol still have the pictures/data from grace stay in their hospital .
it seems so wrong throwing stuff at kids with such a facial expression but the kids love it the juxtaposition is what makes it so weirdly funny
i mostly play online divisions never had something like this happen to me .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/dqin3o/hubby_refusing_to_get_a_house and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likely consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean it is certainly a aaa product with insane production values and a lot of polish it 's just using those resources for a very specific kind of experience
i 've just looked on ebay not to buy anything but just to see if anyone has put anything up yet and oh my god it 's disgraceful .
people putting palettes up for £100 bundles going for over £1000 liquid lips for £50 .
it 's shameful and so sad people are going to pay it because they do desperately want the product people should be ashamed that they bought the products on launch day just to put them online to sell for personal gain as opposed to letting people who genuinely wanted them have them .
you need the larger 5.0ah batteries the small ones do n't have enough for the larger guns like that
it 's because the best way to pique someone 's interest is to inject a bit of uncertainty in
cephalopods have a decentralised brain the brain spreads through the body this is the nervous system .
the tentacle squirming around is just as alive as the whole octopus was .
translation i know i 'm going to lose new york .
i 've been going for riz supports when i can .
her two blasts are horizontal so they 3-hit the ai .
similarly i 've been bringing my kyoko and yachiyo since they have 2 and 3 horizontal blast discs respectively .
my other two girls are filler mitama and mito for training .
other things that work for me that may or may not work for you
i want to reach boss wave with as many girls alive as i can to eat nukes from the boss .
i tried madoka at first for healing and magia but her low dps caused trouble for me .
i 've had to restart boss wave a few times because of bad luck but i still leave it on auto and it clears it for me albeit sometimes very close .
contrary to popular belief hawaiian pizza is n't actually made from hawaii .
they 're made from the same ingredients as other pizzas are .
why did they take portuguese and spanish dub away 😒
15 phases defended at the line that 's what won
same on pixel 3xl it is crashing when i try to open app .
shut up you bitch we will never face them again .
ikr but that 's how many of us roll .
well some of the things i know about the eu are far worse than the st which is impressive but there are a few things like kyle katarn that i really liked .
talking mainly about the post battle of yavin time mainly .
if you personally want to argue with him feel free
do n't tease us now if you can literally make this happen we 'd be there to do it .
seriously do n't say this if you are n't gon na follow through we will talk your dad through this
this is a friendly reminder that we have an official discord link here https discord.gg/pvbncbd in there are instructions on how to join our official minecraft server as well modded java edition no it is n't cracked
come on in to play some mc talk to the mods and just hang out !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/minecraftmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
clearly the better team on the day and say what you will about their strategy it is a tried and tested winning one .
i do n't really think he knew what was going on around the breakdown and scrum which were the areas that decided this game .
definitely could have pinged england offside a couple times as well .
daly has his strength at fullback where he can act sort of as a quarterback in attacj however defensively he 's been exposed both with his catching and kicking .
sinckler going off injured in the 3rd minute definitely threw a spanner in the works for our gameplan as he 's been crucial in keeping the ball circulating through the forwards but that 's just how the cookie crumbled .
increased aim 's size a little and added rhythm animation.fixed multiplayer music track not being synchronized sometimes.fixed not being able to join a password protected multiplayer game after one multiplayer match session.fixed weapons swapping enabling two weapons at once.improved server region selection and switching on startup .
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
yep and it 's a major reason why the game is struggling so much now .
she may well be putting on a show where she can tell everybody what a horrible child she has wont even contact me to give me a kidney that could save my life ''
it 's possible tonight i 'm not sure in the future no doubt .
just post the youtube or twitch link here preferably a replay unless you also want advice on your comms of a close loss .
if you make a new post here and make the title something simple like vod plat sombra loss on havana '' it should catch peoples attention .
you can also search this sub for posts with coaching or discord in them if you would be more comfortable doing things over there .
the bear does not know there is another camera man !
sad to lose but man the boks demolished us .
i would reccomend seeing if you can rent one but if you cant go with something like the lower end jupiters or the yamaha 1335 or 2330 .
theyll last you a long time until you are playing at a very high standard
if that 's the reason i would like to direct their attention to gamestop .
i respect that the welsh do that i was just making a point about how nationalism is 'allowed ' in some countries and not others basically any country except england .
it 's only paraphernalia if you use it for illegal stuff .
hey at least you 'd get the geriatric ribbon and all the live till old achievements
at my school we 're told to stay inside when it 's snowing .
not even unlondon and undublin can save you from that light .
i think winning two world cups in a year would be too much for us english fans we would reach our final form of arrogance .
all jokes aside we got rinsed on set pieces and they nullified our attack which is no mean feat .
happy for kolisi even if i 'm very disappointed in this english side .
the new watchmen show is primarily about race and it 's written by a bunch of white men .
they should just have vehicle election from spawn screen and when you spawn in you spawn right on the boat
imagine thinking i 'm celebrating relevance when you were the one who even brought it up in the first place .
you even listening to yourself or just throwing shit to see what sticks ?
should n't there be a muzzle flash from the car ?
civil student here i think your neighbor must have left out some details .
did n't even know i could censor the thumbnail .
cool water lizard boi ... evolves into a thinman with a lizard face .
you do n't need to become a hermit and live in mountains .
if you feel unhappy then question why you feel so .
if the general election was tomorrow i could see this result massively effecting it
go check out erowid to see what you 're getting yourself into .
with that being said if you 're so called to this experience at this time in your life i believe you should answer as it 's not a for shits n giggles '' drug .
green screen method fill a bowl with enough bud to fill your lungs but be cashed in one shot .
carefully put the deemsters on top like 3-5 ballpoint pen heads worth depending on your size and carefully and lightly mix em in with a toothpick or cake tester .
just so they are n't all sitting on top .
whatever that means is different for everybody i 'm sure and prepare for a ride my friend .
you want to sufficiently light the bowl to get it all in one rip but you dont want to torch the substance .
some people prefer the sandwhich method over the green screen method .
or have a sitter to take the piece so it 's not damaged and hold that smoke as long as possible .
be sure to record your experience as soon as you are able to write !
as it 's very common for many to not be able to hold on to much beneficial knowledge from these trips .
much love and good vibrations to you on your journeys !
please feel free to dm me if you so feel inclined .
edit again please please please do your research before trying any new substance !
set and setting are key for any sort of beneficial tripping .
all the girls be like omg jack frost is so hot ! !
as a us citizen i 'll tell you first hand that i would n't stay here for much less than what i 'm making .
not that it 's not an amazing place but because i have my friends/family/life back home in the us .
so if they want americans/westerns they have to offer more than what we will make back home .
having said that other nationalities actually accept low offers .
it 's like being in a market if only one apple dealer reduced his price then that is the new market price at that particular market for apples .
all nationalities should hold their ground and not accept low ball offers !
now as a director i do sometimes need westerners for my company as i need some employees who can travel freely and engage in negotiations in english .
like for example an arab/english accent negotiating with a chinese/english accent .
sometimes there 's a communication barrier which could be bad for business .
also western business culture as taught in western universities is different than others which could make a difference in management .
in closing i just want to say that in the end you are worth what you accept .
i 've been offered jobs for 10 20 30 40 ... . if i took the 10k job then i 'm worth 10k .
it is perhaps one of the harder elements to master due to the emotions that it draws power from .
i do n't know who wrote this show but they are so talented .
like real ugly face in the hands crying ... ..this show is emotionally draining .
i would play connect the dots with my tongue !
your submission has been removed due to not being destiny related .
please keep all submissions in english and related to destiny 2 .
all d1 content including d1 nostalgia are welcome over at r/destinythegame however this is the destiny 2 subreddit where d1 content is not relevant .
we were doing phoners before bringing in the top 3 candidates .
one fellow was engaging educated and he understood our student population .
when asked if he had any questions he said what do you teach in your program ? ''
i try to keep it around 65 to sleep .
my boss is kind enough to wear a jacket and let me work at 66 for a couple hours .
i accepted my summer internship offer in november and got drug tested in late april of the following year .
i also got drug tested when i worked at lowe 's for one summer .
i would expect a drug test when applying to anywhere in america .
not everyone tests but it 's a safe assumption to bet they will if you do n't know yet .
a couple years ago i went to a girl 's home and she said she was making a cake for her friend with a dick and cum ...
i did n't go for it but later realized how obvious it was .
you can sign a good player to a bad contract .
all four of those deals were clear overpays from the second they were signed .
i 've been banging this particular drum for months zero surprise that dedmon already got benched .
i watched a part of his stream and he 's filled with interesting information .
columbus blue jackets fans '' really the only group on fb with any amount of fans .
yeah that 's actually a really great way of putting it haha .
although the environment that the iife was defined in can still be accessed if the iife returns some value or function closure that was contained within that environment and you assign the return value to a variable .
let remnant 'hello from the realm of the forgotten !
i know a retired mpd homicide detective this can be taken a couple ways
well rather than simply updating textures/sounds/models/music to an old game other elements would be changed .
perfect example battlefield 2 gulf of oman vs. battlefield 3 's remake of gulf of oman .
it takes less time to get from one flag to another due to the flags being closer and the movement speed increased .
respawning can happen on all team-mates rather than purely the squad leader leading to quicker spawn/die/spawn/die loops .
the gaming community has come to expect certain features in modern games and simply reverting to an exact updated copy of an old game might not sell as well as something heavily updated to fit the modern expectations of aaa gamers which is sad ... imo .
these kids do n't remember going 4-8 and 4-7 this decade .
need to invest their time into another team and get off the wagon if they 're so misguided by their emotions
i do n't watch porn anymore but those models be addicting .
yes also i 'd love to know how those words were imprinted on your skin
the real challenge is making people wait to kill the lord for these to spawn .
strange lol ... but his voice does sound as if something like that could be the case .
it sounds like he ca n't freely move the muscles in his face .
you can have a part of the candy but you can not have all of it .
are they really showing boxing stuff during the game ?
despite playing countless hours of multiplayer i still have n't finished the final mission because i found out the ending pretty early on .
yeah but whatever the number equivalent of a large is .
tried it at bandarku ceria today they were doing trial for it http carbon.green-brunei.com
i wanted that to be a video of a turtle farting so bad
i read here that they are ai fragments and the worship keeps them on side .
he will be back as vp and will take your guns !
your submission from rollingstone.com has been automatically removed because it violates rule 4 use original reliable sources .
the website that you submitted rollingstone.com is not allowed for one or more of the following reasons
it frequently quotes other sources in its content or is known to engage in content theft .
this could be because it 's a news blog tabloid or is known to be overly slanted .
it 's an opinion or blog section of a regular news website or the site is known to post opinion articles as fact .
it 's a site for activism or promoting a certain pov .
nothing wrong with that but it 's not a news site .
if you 'd like you can review the article and resubmit from a better source .
if your article 's source is linked in the article you can try submitting from the original source .
for more information on rule 4 click here. https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 wiki_rule_4.3a__use_original.2c_reliable_sources .
for a complete list of domains that are not allowed click here https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/autoremoval .
if you 're new to r/nottheonion you may want to check out nto101 an introduction to r/nottheonion https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 for more information on our rules and answers to frequently asked questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nottheonion if you have any questions or concerns .
because people use it to push thier narrative about who is a draw and who is n't and should not be headlining .
it 's so transparent too because if the rating is bad they blame someone like seth then the next week the rating is still bad but they wo n't blame brock .
they try to spin the numbers to push thier point .
i can do that if you 're still after it .
one thing that changed my results dramatically was paying more attention to progressive overload .
if i feel like i can do an extra rep on an exercise 's last set i note down 2lbs on my workout app for the next session .
so what happened to the strict tech panel when calling alena 's and mariah 's urs
your right and i was a little too naive and desperate and not very careful .
i never knew i wanted to see a goat on a treadmill thanks for that .
i 'm also m15 and my amazing girlfriend f16 has made me so happy .
it 's my first relationship where i 've felt a future and happiness .
i always wan na be with her and love her so much .
ill have to look into that for my pov .
you see ... what you have here is part bunny part bug .
so obviously they should be called ... ... ... ..
his style of coloring is quite flashy and easy to recognize after all
i am it was actually one of the first communities i joined when i got on reddit
if you spell mamer it looks like you spelled marner with an r and n
i 'm sure you liked the pick and the film .
thats why you 're already shitting on him after 4.5 games .
so is having sex with them but people still do it .
to be fair by this point you should be absolutely certain they 're legal .
it should have come up in context by now .
it would be nice if we could be more open about what we want in a relationship .
one-night stands can be fun as long as you both know that 's what it is .
this is giving me strong amelia 's notebooks vibes .
amirkhani looked like a stud in 1st round but then ... well ... ok great .
the harness is even the exact same in the first clip of the video .
'scorbic ' is another way of saying scurvy meaning the word 'abscorbic ' translates to 'anti-scurvy acid ' .
when you recorded your seuqnece what voice mode are you on ?
i can see it 's on chord in this picture ?
maybe if you can take a video explaining what 's going on we could assist you more accurately .
was he going full bore or not as much due to the tag format ?
haha it 's a midwest thing to drink busch light .
all those other things are stereotypes people think are excuses to treat someone like shit .
shes very clingy and worries im gon na leave her for someone else weve been together for 5 years now
dk is td dependent but a great matchup on paper !
go back first thing and tow it to your mechanic or dealer and have them inspect it .
it should be obvious if they forgot the oil or left the drain plug loose .
but if it sits at the quickly oil change place long enough they might try to tighten the drain plug to hide their mistake if it was in fact loose .
it 's honestly got to the point where she can touch me anywhere and it 's so novel that it turns me on .
for me it 's not even really where i 'm touched that does it it 's the knowing that the other person is actually doing something and trying ... does that make sense ?
the us has 100 million gun owners and 500 million guns .
as an american i actually had a similar feeling about the campaign specifically the war crimes and genocide they had the russian militants commit .
i just thought to myself if i was russian i would be pretty pissed activision did that .
and american govt and the elites are rotten to the core as well .
look at what happened to epstein and bill clinton clinton 's have been killing political enemies for decades and getting away with it .
not sure i 'll have to figure that out but i 'll post back when i do .
it was a dead fallen tree in a florida riverbed .
edit still not sure what type of tree they were on but i am pretty sure that it wasn't a cottonwood or aspen so they probably are n't p. populinus .
gon na go with either p. pulmonarius or p. ostreatus
i was at the game very close to this .
everyone in the entire building was quiet for a long time you could actually hear the players .
no one in the stands really left either just complete awe .
i ca n't even remember to make the to do list ... ... .
i feel like bojack is one of those before it 's time niche shows where in ten years it will be considered a cornerstone of television .
my traffic stat page is a bunch of empty graphs lol .
i just learned that gifts bought on my behalf have paid for 19.41 minutes of reddit server time though !
if you do this and chug a water bottle of red bull you get a command block
none kanye fans be like why is a car going off ''
unlike most comments i like the fact it makes no sense .
they just showed up to the set when they were filming something close by and did some improv .
thinking about getting a 2060s then returning the code .
no i had the mouse at the entrance of his hide after i brained it and i heard a thump like he struck at it and bumped into the hide but he did n't constrict .
and yeah the second time i put the mouse in a bag in the water so it did n't get wet .
i think i 'm going to do this more often .
conjure up some josh allen hot takes really get them going
to me is everytime that i masturbate to a screen .
you should search about the idea of the three circles its great to define what a relapse is for you .
first i bury my tongue inside then my hard daddy cock ! ! !
i would fuck u until i make u cum then fuck u some more ! !
i had a 240 payment all in with taxes excise tax and a damage waiver with 0 down and even got a 1500 rebate from the state for my 36k or whatever msrp fusion energi .
i need the original pic ive been looking for it forever to make memes
group knows mei supports hong kong and do n't want a lifelong ban 6 month ban
i mistakenly confused you with a poster in another thread and i am genuinely sorry for that false accusation .
this is more of an asskicking than anything on ufc 244 so far
i have a good tutorial for you https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ayoqgrjvtls https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ayoqgrjvtls
but if that does n't work https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qjjwmbloniq https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=qjjwmbloniq
1 mentioning that you live on stolen land as often as possible .
2 never having any other political priorities besides mentioning that you live on stolen land as often as possible .
it 's we ca n't focus on any class issues until we do decolonization but decolonization is never gon na happen anyway because they have n't even proposed a definition for what that actually means and how it would be enacted .
i think she 'll be viewed as a threat at some point during the merge
in the future we will wait until nobody is looking to do fucked up things
nasa built giant tanks of highly combustible fuel with giant turbo engines to burn it in a controlled manner to get a few humans to the moon .
and we ca n't make a safe oven for some space cookies ? ''
1 of people who think batman vs superman was really bloody good
i think a lot of people think wagyu means it 's great meat .
wagyu is just simply a breed of japanese cows .
just like all cows there 's meat that you grind for burger you ca n't use for steaks
sometimes i meet nice peole sometimes ehh but damn .
it might be a small and insignificant change from the ghost i used to be.
that really speaks to me especially the ghost '' part .
go on and live your best life in the light .
i do n't excuse max 's behavior at all in fact i have no qualms with calling out on it .
but in the end what she did was much more vanilla and easier to fix especially when you take into account the accusation that she broke up mileven '' max had very limited information at the time of that break up and i think her behavior got worse after .
he 's a grown adult who behaved terribly for the entire season and in a manner that is much less understandable .
he did n't just cross a line with mike his attitude violated his relationship with eleven too .
i am not really keen on making posts just to hate on a character but you do n't really see people hating on hopper 's character .
i just full body cringed and threw up in my mouth a little
crying can be very cathartic but is something in particular bothering you ?
and you are full of judgment another reason why dbt might be helpful for you .
you have no authority to point out anyones deficiencies let alone mine .
i really hope you find a way to look past your bias
the atlanta is a fun ship and i 've heard the cleveland was good on pc .
so any of the light cruiser city ships i 'm in .
undecided about the charlemagne but i like the degrasse so we 'll see .
nice cock need to get those balls swinging though .
and hundreds of young nba/nfl players are in their early 20 's and multi millionaires .
not trying to make you feel worse ... but you ca n't compare yourself .
there will always be someone that is better and more successful than you and they are younger to boot .
turkey killed about 200 people after we left which is unfortunate .
we told them to back the fuck off and they did .
we ca n't protect a group of nomads with no real home indefinitely .
what do you propose we do just setup a permanent outpost in syria and iraq against those countries ' interests for something that has no negotiation power assad and the russians do n't give a fuck about the kurds ?
or should we actually try to put pressure on the governments involved to come to a solution ?
geopolitics is complicated and sometimes there is no good answer .
just copy and paste form a artical i was reading .
it 's the second artical in lamar vs pats .
they can beat you with their legs or arm .
they are n't the mannings bradys flaccos if you will .
pocket passers who only run when they are in trouble or a 1 yd qb sneak .
their offense is n't designed around them running with the ball .
these 3 guys can beat you with their legs or their arm .
he is not one of us who calls to asabiyyah .
he is not one of us who fights for the sake of asabiyyah .
he is not one of us who dies following the way of asabiyyah**. source sunan abī dāwūd 5121 grade sahih authentic according to al-suyut
tribalism or what it is now known in the modern day as nationalism .
if a muslim fights another muslim for the sake of nationalism which countries have done they are going against islam and they can be fought against .
in this case if afghanistan or some other country does harm against pakistan for nationalistic gain then it is completely fine to retaliate .
the ummah is a teaching of islam and the prophet and it is n't some childish belief .
i 'm not expecting 2nd place but the squad is way better than 10th .
with tottenham and arsenal in literal meltdown mode and chelsea transfer banned there 's absolutely no excuse for this team to not fight for top 4 .
then tell me about your life in a legume shell ! ''
i do n't need no gun license al capone was my great grandpa !
also keep in mind that match results should n't be your only scouting data .
make sure teams you 're interested in will work well with yours .
for example last season there might have been a really high scoring bot but it only operated on one scoring side silver .
your bot would n't work well if it also operated on silver but if you could work in gold at the same timd it was very fruitful .
the reality is that most people will have several bouts of anxiety and depression in their lifetime if they are predisposed .
it 's building those coping skills and seeing what works that gets you through .
i 'm sorry you have had to go through this .
this is a reminder to everyone that this is an anime thread .
make sure to tag any manga spoilers that have not appeared in the anime yet .
! this is a spoiler ! use this if you are on new reddit mobile or old reddit
use this or the one above if you are on old reddit
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vinlandsaga if you have any questions or concerns .
earthbound is n't really at all a downgrade from 3
i think its the same thing for basically all religions on that point
r/knitting has some great guides and pattern recommendations in the subreddit wiki !
other than that do n't make a stockinette stitch scarf .
by its nature stockinette stitch will curl and the edges will roll in on themselves when knit flat and if you do n't want that you 'll end up disappointed in your project and get discouraged when it was n't your fault !
i pressed this in two runs yesterday since my bags only hold 1/2 oz .
it just gushes off the press at 180 and stays really goopy on the paper .
i had to use an ice pack to collect it .
tastes like tangerine and hits ya with a full body indica stone .
i‘m the big user of my family plan so it 'll still benefit me .
this submission by u/summeraintoveryet19 is causing controversy and needs immediate action .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jizzedtothis if you have any questions or concerns .
the marines are very proud of him for stepping in he could have done it a 'little differently ' though and he 's on office duties receiving 'counseling ' while the police and school are still investigating ''
how is this home made when it 's literally at a restaurant
he must be who ls talks to a lot about the game .
so nice to see other people also recognize this fact alberta 's economic woes '' realistically boils down to dicks covered in shitty sleeve tattoos not being able to make payments on their truck s boat s sled s atv s house s family s ?
luke walton went 39-4 when he filled in for kerr .
why are you clicking things you do n't mean to ?
i do n't want to presume to tell the conservative party what they should be doing moving forward but if i were travelling in the ratified atmosphere of the upper echelons of the conservatives i 'd be looking hard at maxime bernier for scheers job .
this submission was removed for breaking rule 9 repost .
i am a bot and this comment was made automatically however this submission was removed manually by a member of the mod team .
if you have any questions about this removal please contact the moderators through modmail .
the people downvoting this have clearly never cleaned a ruck sack frame .
the guy that i expected to become a meat crayon or human projectile stayed on .
many peopwe know of the hit show spongebob squawepants howevew not many know of it 's actuaw powiticaw undewtones .
spongebob wepwesents the dissowutions pwowetawiat as he is young and eagew to go wowk wong houws fow wow wages to fund mw .
kwabs obviouswy wepwesents the bouwgeoisie as he is a weawthy business ownew who makes it cweaw that he is onwy motivated by pwofit w .
kwabs himsewf when he said and i quote i wike money. squidwawd wepwesents a wevowutionawy .
this is made cweaw fwom his obvious disdain fow mw .
kwabs and the ownew cwass and his the gentwe wabowew speech .
wastwy sandy is awso a wevowutionawy awthough unwike squidwawd she has taken it upon hewsewf to wive on a commune and devewoped new technowogy to aid the common man .
so next time you see youw chiwd watching spongebob squawepants make suwe to notify the huac and the youw wocaw chaptew of the john biwch society .
apologies for the delayed response but thanks for the links !
still working through shipposting duck 's guide and the detailed equipment breakdown .
i had a couple follow up questions if you do n't mind
if i 'm reading the research project tier list correctly the ones at the top are the most worthwhile and the freebie ones are the least ?
based off of strengthening units per unit of time blueprints etc ?
seems like i should be prioritizing using my gold for research projects over other options based on this list .
i 've heard good things about hood but was thinking about picking up warspite right now given she 's supposed to be very strong post retrofit event .
would utilizing warspite and tirpitz as my primary battleships/cruisers be good options to carry me a good ways into the story ?
or would you recommend still getting hood after warspite/ignoring warspite for hood .
nah i ended up on like 16 or 14 but i got my squid pickaxe so i 'm not too annoyed
much rather prefer a non profit or ngo to handle this .
our rules about memes have been greatly relaxed for the day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tf2 if you have any questions or concerns .
everyone on this thread chatting shit this is what happens
it 's because he knows he 's rich while he makes everybody poorer .
cyril is like a proud parent at a pre school concert .
ig i built it out of concrete on the ground
however they got used to the neighbor 's dog after some time of us living here .
he is now the only dog they wo n't bark at when try are outside playing .
perhaps the behavior will go away on its own ... good luck !
soon enough you 'll be at the top of the scoreboard !
ca n't defeat someone with that kind of fighting spirit so he went digging for the reset button .
i 'm on day 5 today and while the end is in sight i 'm a little frazzled today .
went to a new middleschool after moving left some good friends
then what'ya know by pure chance my best friend from my old school moved and got put in the same class as me about halfway through the year .
of listings 1 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22bigbootymami19 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 26 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20title 3a 22bigbootymami19 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on
after seeing patrick day die in the ring i have no problems with combat sports dudes making as much money as possible .
i guess your right but egpyt was n't arabic back then
i looked it up did n't give me a boner
did we get the ball first or did they ?
oh that 's a condition we call blindness in these parts lol .
idk why i did n't see the bold letters and instead searched the tiny text for it .
uh 4:30 on tuesdays and mondays i get home 3 pm and can maybe call from phone 2:30 .
i 'd be worried about lack of time in sessions .
if 1:30-2 hours does n't really work for you session wise i understand .
sorry i 'm on phone and a bit sleepy .
also if you pay attention to how he spoke during that sequence you could literally feel the nerves and the sorrow by how quickly he was talking .
he was almost crying because he knew he fucked up badly .
and for some reason the idea of swimming around an oil rig still terrifies me .
if the nuse had done this she could have been fired .
hearts ' offside trap tactic is honestly the worst i 've ever seen
why do people put the phone names in title ?
i 've already opened 20 this week and about 5-10 every week and have n't gotten 1
it 's hard to watch those people and think there 's anything to gain at this point .
in some sense the serfs came out looking the worst they had nothing to contribute and the one time they did they were dishonest and spineless .
there are people who are player level 80 f2p and get 15k points not even touching the screen .
so i mean do you want to grind the game for a big advantage over a long period of time or do you just want to do the dailies and have to rely on rng of pipes .
i did n't even realize that was an osborne until these comments .
looks like a whole different knife with that blade .
what steel is it and where do you get them ?
at lower levels it wo n't matter as much at least not to the point where you can finish wod and hit lvl 50 using only treasures and bonus objectives you will only get about the same amount of levels probably so about 10-12 levels through that .
it will give you good exp when you do them while following questline but you wo n't 10-50 using it .
i 'd bet if the genders were reversed there would be more comments about the guy 26 been seen as more of a predator for sleeping with an 18 year old girl even unknowingly .
i had to scroll for a long time to find someone talking about it !
i loved those books until they got super political .
he 's nervous but on the surface he looks calm and ready
i got the battle pass bundle and have done all my challenges so far
why people might find it realistic https youtu.be/ap6rtji59nm ? t=29
not exactly the violent horror but you can see the resemblance .
yeah we 're only 8\~12 points behind the tories optimism woo !
raspiblitz looks fun to set up and considering i already have an rpi3 laying around could be pretty dang cheap but i 'm unsure what i 'd be missing out on with the other more expensive nodes .
not sure what the difference is between it and raspibolt
chiming in here quickly afaik the differences are mostly the lcd screen and the fact that raspibolt guide has bonus faqs on how to run it on tor and how to connect your hardware wallet to the node .
especially the latter part is much more important for me personally because by connecting your wallet to your node you increase your privacy by a lot otherwise you are leaking tons of information to ledger/trezor and you minimize your trust to ledger/trezor and miners which essentially is the whole point of running a full node .
i 'm not sure if there are similar guides for raspiblitz .
but for the reasons mentioned above i would recommend the raspibolt if you decide to set up on your own and not get a ready-made package such as nodl or casa .
hyped fights that people wanted to see with predominantly sluggers and brawlers .
people wanted to see this card because of the line-up .
combine that with the ufcs marketing machine that is firing on all cylinders and you get these events .
it was a big event because it was hyped and it was hyped because of the fighters and the caliber of said fighters .
your all good your cpu underclocking itself due to heat and the fans heatsink is what saved the day .
the tube on the left looks like it has the better image from the picture .
your post has been automatically removed because it appears to lack a descriptive title .
please resubmit the post with a title which better reflects its content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sex if you have any questions or concerns .
grab a cool case check out ds gameplay for design ideas check my twitter and the ones i have done so far markcourierbridges
the best part is the case is still functional and can be used for whatever you want to store in it .
there really is n't a version of this where you would be ta .
maybe when you marry you can pool your resources together but there is a lot of road to walk until then and there .
first of all she asked you to move in with her .
either you would have lived there or she would have had to find another roommate .
if she would have had to find another roommate she would have paid 50 .
so the expectation that you should pay most of the expenses is ridiculous .
then she does use 50 of the space and resources you are sharing .
she uses 50 of the space you are living in probably more if she is like most women and has a lot of shoes/clothes she uses 50 of the water of the heating of the food of the electricity etc .
why should she not pay her fair share and expect her boyfriend pay more ?
maybe he has a lot of debt he has to pay .
even if he has no additional expenses his contribution should stop at 50 .
and it is upsetting for people in the comments to think just because someone has a higher income in a relationship where they do n't have shared finances is fair .
say you do cave in and pay 80 of everything .
she gets used to this because why should n't she ?
congratulations you 've just set her up for failure because she will have no idea how to manage going back to paying for everything .
or is the expectation that you continue paying for her even if you are broken up until she finds a new sugar daddy ?
also this was probably planned her sister was in on it and now you should expect a lot of pressure from her friends and family until you cave in or break up .
osimhen potm is probably the most insane super sub i 've ever had .
i do n't know what it is about this dude but he always seems to score the most important goals when i sub him on
it 's easier if you turn the page half way
setting the c-stick to tilts instead of smashes has greatly improved my ground game .
it 's late so take anything i say with a grain of salt it sounds like you should adjust your gain structure a little bit if you can .
are you able to bring that fader down a bit by increasing the trim or does it start to feed back ?
the compressor will be post-trim and pre-fader so you may want to get that adjustment in before it hits the compressor .
as for not getting signal unless you raise the output gain to 10db check the operating level switch on the back of your compressor between the trs input and output jacks .
it 's a wild guess but it 's possible that it 's set to line level instead of mic level or vice-versa .
i 'm too tired right now to be sure of which way but see if toggling that solves your problem .
edit added a disclaimer to my half-asleep thoughts and changed a thing or two
edit 2 thinking about it that operating level mismatch could be why the bypass seemed to mute the channel too .
bypass would also remove any make-up gain so it would have the same effect as when you had the threshold and gain at 0 .
yeah its kinda like that show where you see animals on top of each other
not the best but a great game is fortnite say what you want about it but the way they bring everyone together to watch the events is amazing .
for what it 's worth if this film goes the other way and is a mega hit there will still be drama .
hell i 'm sure even if it performs more averagely/close to tlj there will still be drama .
we wanted to make sure they watched as we snatched it in front of their eyes
church choir members are usually sluts so yeah i believe you .
personally i preferred the recomendations from pandora but they stopped their service in my country .
i think i 'm gon na pass on the bass
part of a chaos expanded mod that creates a thing called a greater beast of nurgle which is effectively a massive chaos spawn made green and beautiful
gotch well if the snap shot is happening in the next two weeks and the test net wallet is not out yet then there is not enough time it seems for everyone to get the test net wallet installed and moving their funds off exchanges to the test net wallet .
besides our getting started '' page mentioned bellow you can check this tutorial to understand the basics of the plugin https www.itoosoft.com/tutorials/the-principles-of-railclone .
in addition for a deeper and less intense look into this release please visit https www.itoosoft.com/blog/railclone-4-in-detail
pls never again take a photo while driving 70 mph
no winder that part sound so weird when i tried to sing along .
had to force my brain to sing popopopo poker face instead .
what does this say about the person living on the 3rd floor ?
every time a munchkin commits suicide a bird moves its wings .
we love your pictures of chonkers but the only thing we love more is a fine boy who was a chonker and has become healthy !
if this is your chonk please check out these links .
how to put your cat on a diet https pets.webmd.com/cats/guide/healthy-weight-for-your-cat 1 questions and answers for getting your tubby tabby back into shape https pets.webmd.com/cats/guide/fat-cats-getting-tubby-tabby-back-into-shape 1 is my cat obese ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/chonkers if you have any questions or concerns .
is n't the 8085 from the early 80s or so ?
will the hardware ever be replaced by newer versions ?
i 'd imagine it 's hard to find a replacement 486 if one fries .
yeah he has been everywhere in pop culture it 's hard not to know a few of the songs .
for my money kanye 's albums range in tone from somewhat traditional to totally insane .
jesus is king is slightly less insane than average after listening to it 2 times .
religion has appeared in the other albums but never to this extent .
there 's a lot of ... possibly not reformed activity described in those albums .
between you and me i think this is all just ye being ye but do n't let a cynical bastard steal the thunder .
i mean i 'm out of the game now so it 's not my concern but ... . hnngggh
i find it highly intriguing that r/reformed would need a kanye megathread given the above and my own subjective impression of ye .
i 'm from a heavily protestant area so i think of reformed baptist before catholic .
i do post on r/dankchristianmemes which is sort of a crossroads of ideologies
you can hate the person but her debut album was a fucking banger .
her and megan thee stallion are legitimately the best female rappers out right now .
also not poorly mashed together skin and all into a lumpy and inconsistent sauce to be used with a separate protein .
it 's got a decent amount of protein as well for being vegan .
i 've been trying some vegan dishes but i 'm having trouble finding good instant pot ones with a decent amount of protein .
t e r m i n a t e p r e g n a n c y
people need to stop buying hot wheels just fr reselling just buy what you 're interested in instead of desperately searching for a profit
that 's apparently a sticking point for that horrid old asshole .
we tried that but they just gave him anti-nausea drugs and referred him to the va .
new accounts are not allowed to post in r/amateur .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to submit here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose age limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amateur if you have any questions or concerns .
the installer detects the language on your os automatically .
i play a p2w phone game and have never put a dollar into it .
for me it 's part of the fun that i 'm beating the monetization system but about 1/4 of the guys i play with out of 60 people spend money monthly .
i 've noticed that the people who spend are mostly boomers and teens with disposable income .
some of the boomers on my team budget 100/month for it which sounded insane until i learned that people on our server were paying over 1000/mo for content .
it floored me at first when i thought that someone had that kind of disposable income but now i 'm more worried that they do n't .
that they 're just racking up credit card debt on games .
i 'm actually really worried about the people who buy into pay to win mechanics .
yeah it is just need to make her horny before you then insert the seed .
and why are you bringing up politics on a sub for gta online ?
there 's so many lushies in this reddit that do n't know this and it 's extremely frustrating .
if you 're reading this and you 're a lushie let me break it down for you
all of our product in black pots look the same .
if you want to shop alone please do not be afraid to say so ! !
we will notify our whole team to leave you alone .
‘just looking ' to us does not mean ‘go away ' .
to us it means you 're going to have questions .
if you really just want to look shop online ! !
look online gather questions come try it in the store .
we are specifically trained to persue ‘just looking ' people .
we are required to give the best customer service ever and our products require explanation .
i hope this helps customers understand why we do this .
please do n't be rude to us about it .
my husband was kicked out of his mom 's house one month after we started seeing each other .
i did n't know if he wanted to be exclusive i just did n't want him on the streets in a dangerous city .
we 've been together 17 years and he 's still the love of my life and my best friend .
in the military the best way i can explain it is it 's just a term for your living area .
i tend to hear it more used to describe quarters that are more unrefined/makeshift .
yangcha looks like he 's the same age as eunseom/saya/tanya lmao
maybe the writers thought it would be confusing/unnecessary to cast younger actors to play younger versions of the daekans ... . but there only confused us more by doing that ... ...
i would not expect them to be out right away and at the same time if it 's done quickly people may be disappointed it does n't look 'as good ' .
short of redoing entire games like the potential fe remakes on the 3 houses engine .
some other games may fare better but please keep expectations in check .
this but have less fluid in the lever syringe at the end .
90 will prevent you from being able to apply ample suction to the lever because the plunger will have nowhere to go .
i usually put it at about half full before disconnecting the caliper syringe .
also if your fluid in the brakes is old i will usually just fill the caliper syringe 80 degas and connect the lever syringe while completely empty .
push all the new fluid straight in the caliper so all the old fluid comes into the lever syringe .
disconnect and dispose of the old fluid and then proceed with the bleed .
we have relevant open world content and dungeons that are perpetually challenging and rewarding .
oh we also had island expeditions and now we 're getting the diablo cathedral but it goes up instead of down .
war fronts were cool as well but i wish they were slower .
but i only did the lfr ones which are always blazed .
for sure my parents are boomers and instilled most of my liberal values in me and hate what 's happening right now in our country .
i think a lot of people are just taking from my comment what they want to see i did n't really say much .
lmao unnatural results of propaganda complaining about it when someone else does it .
i 'm new too and this inspires me to hang in !
my investments pty ltd has a very expensive manager whose hard work is well rewarded .
the mathematics you refer to is not necessarily how the universe works though no matter how much energy you produce .
saying it 's mathematically possible '' does n't mean that it 's possible in our universe .
seems so i put in a ticket and it 's fixed now
if your rb are shaky as is go rb .
what kind of writing would you like to do ?
i know someone that is looking for startup writers to help them add content to their blog .
it was even on all the national news stations repeatedly back when it first was popular .
they even had the dad and kid on various news shows to interview .
if you think this does n't fit the rules of this subreddit tag a mod or report !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/barleygang if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's a handful of these meme formats i wish we could make an exception for and straight up ban .
texas state might have one of the most non existent online football fan bases in fbs next to rice .
hq by nature is campy what with defending the point '' but this game was particularly bad .
was on gun runner too which is normally a better map
thanks hope you guys are n't badly affected by it .
you 're equating random people on the internet with fascists because they corrected you on the icc and then downvoted you for being stubborn ?
i can personally recommend italian fascism its origins and developments by alexander de grand .
good deep dive on the subject that gives a thorough overview of fascism .
one of the most eye-opening books from my college days considering how most people use the term in the modern sense .
i 've had three different copies because i 've lent it out so much .
although that course was during the first term of the obama administration so it was much more theoretical when i read it then .
bridges without holes in them seem a pretty big priority to me .
i had n't seen that before but it 's hilariously accurate to what i 've observed .
my attempt/success rate is pretty high but i 'm never in a club .
only really in public as required but i 'll frequent a pool in season .
my favourite example of this is the red legged seriema they not only run like a velociraptor they are adorable murder machines
my mum wants me to stop so i can wear short sleeves in summer because she gets embarrassed by me wearin hoodies because my grandparents always make fun of me and poke at me and ask me if i 'm not sweating and stuff .
my mum is amazing i 'm very grateful to have her she just wants the best for me that being embarrassed thing is just because my grandparents laugh at everyone .
anyways she bought bracelets for me so i could wear short sleeves back in summer and that worked out for a while but now my arm is covered in small scars and some big ones up until my elbow .
bracelets aren‘t an option anymore and i ca n't let anyone see my scars oops btw sorry for the lowkey vent lmao
you can also send the screenshot to someone and then use the ps messages app to get it
other than its a somewhat disguised concept stating that you should only be concerned with what benefits you and if it hurts others then that 's too bad for them ?
what does five guys cum look like on you ?
imo barnes but i 'd be cool if it was garces .
already was hard ... .love your sexy landing strip ...
your submission https www.reddit.com/r/animemes/comments/dr0ba5/jojo_on_crack_2 in r/animemes was automatically removed because you posted a youtube video .
youtube links never gain as much traction on r/animemes as reddit video uploads so you 're only shooting yourself in the foot by posting it in that form .
even if your only intention is to direct traffic to the channel you 'd be more successful using a different method
please re-post your submission by uploading the video directly to reddit and sharing a link to the youtube mirror in the comments .
if you 're posting someone else 's video and know the source remember to credit the creator as per rule 4 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/animemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i bought lifetime warranty cv axles from rock auto and have taken advantage of it once so far with zero issues .
will my husband ride alone ? ? ? ? ''
you just made me cry on my bed beside my wife just after she brought me breakfast .
i called a receptionist worthless ! after she tried to get the spelling of my daughters name .
maybe that 's why they pop after a certain time .
like you didnt do it in time now it pops .
nope but we 're still expecting a december release .
storing the nugs with the boveda in a mason jar would be the best then you could use this box for somtehing different
i did n't play enough of d2 to comment about its pros and cons but one thing i do like about d2 is they let players use skills from other classes teleport is one everybody wants from enigma for instance .
i saw that they allow druid to proc hydra a skill from sorceress which is cool .
regarding potion i kinda like d3 's legendary potion tbh just expand on them .
i do n't like flask piano in poe even though having craftable flasks are cool .
but then it does n't show her from the waist down so maybe he just is n't in the shot .
i got to say the loss of dreamworks animated titles indiana jones mcu titles really hurt them in the long-term .
the saddest part is they could have probably bought all three of those companies if they really wanted to .
this user has verified themselves with the mod team https www.reddit.com/r/gonemild/wiki/verification as evidenced by their 'verified ' flair and the 'original content ' flair on the link itself .
that means that this is a real live person posting their own body on the internet for our enjoyment .
all off-topic or unkind comments will be removed and subject to temporary or permanent ban .
see the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/gonemild/about/sidebar for the full sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/gonemild/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonemild if you have any questions or concerns .
it was n't before but i bet it 's gon na be now .
what is worse is that was not the original address .
i think it was 616 and they changed it .
also he is reportedly building a 666foot building with 66 stories for 666 million./s
neptune would never hate me unless i steal her pudding
kunpa olisi vain vaikka joku uutisartikkeli joka kertoisi mitä on tapahtunut ? ! ?
let 's get past introduction and get straight to the point i will now hang you both from this tree
is this a joke comment or are you being serious ?
let me check it out and see if it works .
it 's exactly what you 'd expect in 2019 a small suv .
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=notifier-bot subject=drhiun message=click 20 27send 27 20to 20be 20notified 20if 20op 20marks 20 27 5btomt 5d 20 5bmovie 5d 20teenage 20boy 20is 20attracted 20to 20royal 20cousin 27 20as 20solved. 20you 20should 20receive 20a 20confirmation 20pm 20soon. 0a 0a 0a 0aofficial 20reddit 20app 20users 20might 20need 20to 20type 20something 20in 20the 20message 20body 20before 20the 20send 20button 20is 20enabled. 0a 0athis 20bot 20is 20still 20in 20beta 2c 20sorry 20if 20you 20come 20across 20any 20bugs. 20pm 20u/adityapstar 20if 20you 20have 20any 20questions/comments/complaints .
if you 'd like to be notified when this post is solved .
but you will not die of flu like does pesants
i 'm definitely a conspiracy theorist but not a moon landing hoaxer flat earther or any of the crazy shit like that more on the side of things like epstein was murdered to cover up a global pedophilia ring among the wealthy elites of western civilization or nixon bombed the shit out of cambodia during viet nam despite insisting to our faces to the countrary .
or that saddam had weapons of mass destruction warranting an invasion in to iraq 15 years ago .
i 'll grant you that the moon landing was too big to fake but the us government definitely kept it a secret how many former nazi scientists were helping us get to the moon at that time so to pretend the governments ineptitude makes them totally transparent is dangerously naive .
i 'm really srarting to resent these idiots in trucks and karen 's in suvs who think that 4wd makes them invincible .
anyone you hire now will have od 'd by may 2020 .
mine can do like 25 how is 1.5 useful ?
how did you manage to get this login screen ? ?
this post has been automatically removed because your account is less than one month old .
unfortunately the volume of spam this sub receives has necessitated this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kidsarefuckingstupid if you have any questions or concerns .
the first choice you have to make is if you want to go dslr or mirrorless .
personally i would start with a dslr since they are more rugged take more abuse and are cheaper
which brings me to the next point buy a used one .
a decent beginner camera like the nikon d5500 can be had for around 3-500 depending on which lens is included .
concerning lenses i suggest something in the range of a 18-200 zoom lens .
it gives you a great variety and you can pretty much do everything with this lens .
after you get some experience you know which focal lenght you need and can invest in better lenses
now read up on lloyd pye 's intervention theory https drive.google.com/file/d/11xjvm48hmnkpdrlbtxk9vjh0bnsr3mq0/view to really have your mind blown .
i do n't see how gate keeping would be possible .
it 's not like in rank games where smurfs can keep you down .
if you do a great job on your stream your stream will grow .
just because someone on the same game and has more viewers does n't mean they are gatekeepers .
that just means people who watch that game find they generally more enjoyable to watch .
some people will always be rude no matter what platform you are on .
misinformation can be debated too since there is no perfect formula to succeed on twitch .
the advice they give might actually have helped their channel but wo n't help yours .
skysports has n't been a reliable source of information in years .
if you 're not expecting your period for two weeks it 's unlikely you have gotten pregnant and have pregnancy symptoms already .
that takes time and symptoms are n't really possible that early unless your cycle is way off and youre incorrect about dates .
but the chance is n't zero because you had unprotected sex .
all this says is that what you 're feeling likely is n't from any pregnancy .
you 'll just need to wait and see what happens in about two weeks when you expect your period .
spannend wie der kommentar gut anfängt aber dann eh nur in die übliche bürgerlich~~rechte angstpropaganda abdriftet .
i 've seen so many huns cry over work outs .
well it 's probably not too bad but it 's nothing anyone can just read off your prescription .
maybe call the person that took your eye exam they should have it written down
it could n't have been your badly formed post and shitty attitude to those replying .
i said no to 100 billion and all i 'd have to do is give bj to climax for a dude so that 's kinda gay ?
unfortunately not i dont have the money to spend on solicitors fees and letters etc
i 've had exactly 4 professors tell me how awful they are .
so would a good trade off be required military service then ?
i 'm confused as to how this is socialism .
you are getting paid for a job that just so happens to come with great benefits ...
i did but it has maybe to many coats first set of colors did not mach very well
could someone explain me what the hell is up with these thai commentators ?
so because you do work you like your post is to shit on people who like their 9-5 job ?
i was having similar issues with my mentality about sex so i posted on r/sex in a throwway so it 's not in my history .
people are very positive there and seem to genuinely want to help .
they got high and then ate so much pizza that they fell asleep on the couch ?
spew out the extra money its always worth it .
it 's still a laugh track even if it 's recorded from an audience .
pretty sure lancelot is the strongest kotr not gawain ?
also you forgot a con for tristan always goddamn sad . ''
otherwise this got a good laugh from me lol .
interns probably get in 8:45am to the barstool office and id assume one is supposed to go through the reddit and ban/delete stuff from the weekend .
8-1 is a definite clear signal that their reign of terror is over .
yet joseph is still my favorite character even when hes old
get it cuz n word funny yes yes i am a comedical genius stfu brainlet
he is good but this whole i paint upside down and turn it around '' has become way too old and cringy already ...
look here kids here was have a wild racist asshole in his native environment .
do n't move too quickly around him as his underdeveloped brain can not distinguish what is or is not a threat to him .
if you must interact with him quickly tell him to fuck off and find more intelligent company to keep .
this would turn me on b i g time this should totally be a thing
nope maybe that its into 2015 is a bit overestimating but zoomers are getting older
i might call a bonfire a naj fire '' and refer to eternity as naj time '' if i were to speak your conlang
i did n't notice the possible connection between taste and blood and ancestor .
yeah it 's very unprofessional from what i 'm seeing .
this entire site is just badly put together and i really do n't see rockstar giving this guy the information .
he refuses to provide evidence yet i asked they told me '' is all we need to know lol
jc is not in an emotional state to be funny anymore .
you are trying to help these kids feel safe and calm .
they are n't ready for big family gatherings and they trust you enough to tell you .
in fact if they want to keep up the tradition you should rotate hosting .
i get wanting to be there but you are allowed a low key holiday .
or at least know people who are well connected but are n't as crooked and disgusting so that when your guilty ass is finally incarcerated you may have a chance when they send in a nice letter to the parole board .
could be helpful if you luck out and parole is a possibility unlike the hangings some of your peers were dealt .
glad i could get someone else to read this !
yea i 'm glad they changed that i heavily relied on the gamma for loot like bitcoins and money i find i would sometimes put a gun in there i 'd like take of a scav but outside of that i do n't really miss it .
there are days were we get called 4-5 times by scammers .
sometimes my medical shit '' has problems in it .
sometimes it 's a weird 12-figures numbers ping calling .
the land line is becoming literaly unusable because of scammers .
i bet it 'll be the same for mobile numbers soon wait until they get some more exposure .
i would n't mind if it made sense but why on earth is a bottom of the food chain herbivore going to senselessly wade into a fight between other creatures to headbutt someone ?
the guys that crank up the bass to the max always love complaining that music sucks ...
it 's certainly important to investigate '' the hunter biden thing .
you know since trump and the republicans are so worried about nepotism and corruption .
eh i do it as well and if they hate you for that then that 's silly and petty .
her body is amazing but she looks exactly like the twin sister of a guy i used to work with that is now trans .
i think there 's a vacuum in the pan holding down the lid .
is there still any food in the pan that contains water ?
if so heat up the pan until the water starts boiling .
do not put ice on the lid it will cause the steam inside to collapse and leave behind a vacuum .
just wait for the steam to fill the vacuum and you should be able to remove the lid .
the american soldiers in this instance were hardly professional lmao
lol this is actually a rebuttal to anything bad done by the church .
dude that 's awesome i did n't even know that these existed lol
this is more an example of how stupid our system is as a whole .
the redditor who submitted this video has been notified via pm of a stabbot response .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/stabbot if you have any questions or concerns .
god dammit lord nuxanor may your wisdome continue to shine upon us
incineroar decidueye 's my hands down favorite starter but incineroar is my favorite pokemon i used to hate i feared he 'd be another fighting type and then people started explaining his origin as a heel '' and realized oh he 's dark that 's a great fake out '' .
saat kalian berantem cewenya chat dan curhat ke siapa ?
😊 yakin teman cowonya ga diam2 hasut biar putus ?
like what i saw written on a truck once jangan remehkan the power of curhat .
look 's like you have the correct point 4,2 .
but why did you decide to not like it ?
i know it was n't planned but she had options .
it really was n't a good situation and based on her husband 's past behavior i 'm sure it 's not all roses in their house
your wife 's joy makes me feel so happy !
earlier this year i borrowed an induction kit for a couple of weeks through this program
it worked very well and i 'm planning to go with induction when i replace my old range .
a lot of times in smaller companies and startups you 're given equity which is partial ownership of a company .
even if your equity or stock is n't much to begin with as the value of that company grows the value of your ownership of the company also grows .
so say as a really basic example and keep in mind i have little to no experience with startups i like bigger companies your friend decides to give you equity and says look i can only pay you this much right now but i 'll also give you 1 ownership of the company .
today the company is worth 1000 so your ownership is worth 10 .
in 10 years the company has taken off and is now worth 1million so you 're equity is worth around 10,000 .
basically even if the company does take off how does that benefit you ?
what if it takes off and they say thanks but we 'll take it from here bye '' .
usually when people join startups it 's for the experience and the equity .
if it company takes off they can be rich and gain the experience to say they helped contribute to it .
everyone has a camera you 're always being recorded .
also the cameras were n't the only irregularity even the wikipedia page on epstein has that info .
hi haydenwolfe888 thank you for your submission to r/woooosh !
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
no identifying information censor all screen-names and real names including your own !
if you feel this was done in error or would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the mods .
no he 's actually a white kid with brown hair .
but jonny is mexican although he never actually participates in there .
i 've read the original it did n't need jerking .
there 's not source for it and it actually sounds like something one of us would come up with to mess with next door .
i was secretly hoping that i would find some genetics hobbyists '' here who have been down the rabbithole learned all there is to know about this stuff and enjoy spending their free time giving advice on reddit !
20 boxes is where it stops giving crystals right .
i think some people will just take to the comedy style more than others .
if you 're a fan of rick and morty style dumb/witty comedy then i think you 'd love the show .
honestly if you do n't like the first few episodes then you probably wo n't like the rest because it 's more of the same the whole series .
i love all this advice but these are all from life 's little instruction book
one of my favorites do n't need to pretend you came up with them
every running qb is special until they get hurt .
if you 're anal about exact wording you can call it bigoted .
but what if you look at it from a more humanistic view ?
is it not belittling to dictate people what they can eat because they have fewer money than the taxpayer .
does n't this holds the prejudice that if you do n't make enough money you ca n't take care of yourself and live a healthy life ?
otherwise why not raise taxes on unhealthy food for everyone ?
while food stamps are meant to include people in society does n't this exclude them for them not being able to make their own choices ?
you say that from an economic point of view food stamps are already are a good investment .
is it then fair to make food stamps an instrument for something else ?
just because you can have control over it then .
while obesity is a wider spread problem than the people who need food stamps .
dude you have to just jump ship on this one this guy is off his fucking rocker and making me lose my mind just reading his nonsense .
go make a reddit post somewhere that says everyone agrees whaojeez09 is a stupid arrogant pos .
then he ca n't argue with you any more the content says everyone agrees and he 's not allowed to argue the source .
this means literally nothing without an explanation of the parameters
but sometimes you got ta take a look at reality .
all i 'm saying is it 's his '' reality .
do you think everyone that 's dissatisfied is singing the same song ?
but that you said here does n't change what i 've said one whit .
by all means ask for the changes you want .
but do n't make it sound that anyone who 's enjoying the game is not looking at reality because frankly that 's rude .
your needs are better or more important than anyone else 's .
chronological req and paid posts http www.reddit.com/r/loans+borrow/search ? q=title 3aelpork-chapo+or+author 3aelpork-chapo restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all reddit investigator http redditinvestigator.com/elpork-chapo justin paulin creddit rating http justinpaulin.com/tools/credditrating.php ? username=elpork-chapo
yep i 'm well aware what devils tower is .
dragonmount is an active volcano and is as big as if not bigger than everest .
the summit is most definitely in the death zone .
so devils tower could be the remanents of dragonmount after it went dormant and completely eroded away well over half a billion years ...
that would be the answer i would have to give my wife or else risk having my head bitten off for being too reckless .
he probably went through some very significant times in his life and he 's projecting his insecurities on you .
you are so beautiful but more importantly you sound like a very sweet woman
looking at the ingredients in the mask i think you absolutely should try some other products before spending money on the mask .
witch hazel does reduce redness but be sure to use one that is alcohol-free such as thayer 's because most witch hazel toners contain a lot of alcohol which is not good for your skin and is present about half way down the dr. h mask .
some of the other good stuff in the dr. h mask that you can easily find is less pricey products include shea butter glycerin and if you are n't acne prone coconut oil .
there are other reasons to avoid this mask beyond the cost .
it contains essential oils which in spite of what many of us have been told are irritants .
in fact linalool a component of lavendar oil which is in this mask is known to be cytotoxic .
but then again with increasing new characters lvl75 gt14 and abc's/matts being more available it now means you can use more of a range of characters to complete ftd now .
some of the shit matts people had a lot of previously are now useful with new characters/re-worked characters like scientist supreme for example .
you 're very good at this. amy 1 said breathily .
i like the where colin was right and where he was wrong segment cause he fucking owns it when he 's wrong
who else do you see in the national media who have a segment of their show dedicated to pointing out errors in their judgement
how do you have printers that do n't work ?
sometimes mine sucks at scanning like it will try to pull through 12 pages at once or something but other than that ... just buy brother printers dude mine faxes prints top marks shit job of scanning .
it also makes a really horrid buzzing noise when it fails for whatever reason to grab the paper for scanning even though if you hit cancel it pulls it right through .
i 'd like to punch whatever tech put that in there in the head .
see i can be a punk bitch and unoriginal as fuck too .
however i can tell you 've got much more experience and expertise in that area than i do .
i have an extremely inballanced dataset and i am replacing the majority class members with their respective cluster centers based on the features .
it looks like i will not be able to do this as we care a lot about preserving probabilities on the original data distribution .
i think what i will have to do is perform random undersampling and then use that analytic conversion to get back into the original distribution probability space .
i am also experimenting with calibratedclassifiercv to see if i can obtain simillar results .
if you 're looking for this stuff/spoilers at all on the internet you will know .
or someone that saw all the stuff about victoria would hopefully message his family to warn them .
bonus points for the reference and for your user name .
never would have thought something good could come across from this game .
clearly the writers at kotaku ca n't handle their weed ...
i watched through this thread and saw no wh40k space marine faces .
the original dead space was perfect when it came out .
i have really fond memories of my play through .
have u ever heard of an economic embargo against cuba by the us opposed every single year by every single nation in the un besides the us and israel for over 60 years ?
just got back from my vacation in europe to a little gift package from united colors of benetton funny cause i actually never heard of them until i went to europe my mom let me know that i used to wear their kids clothes all the time when i was little .
shoes foundation footwear bought at pacsun a long time ago
nah their just preparing for the roof levels in plants vs zombies .
feel for you guys super happy to see you win .
i am 32 and you guys have been mediocre to bad my entire life hopefully can turn shit around soon
there is no way that jeff would say you can only go up there if you tell everyone why. the fans would be so angry about the way it was handled jeff would just allow it and let the reasoning be a mystery to the rest of the tribe .
do you know how mad the audience would be if the advantage was usable when their vote is blocked and jeff ruined the element of strategy by making the user of the nullifier expose themselves ?
how can children that have n't gone through puberty define their gender ?
and then in doing so be put on medications surgeries etc to continue that thought ?
it seems we 're failing them as adults and it 's being encouraged .
not against transgenders etc. just saying if you 're fucking 8 or 10 you may be too young to define your gender to the point of medications or surgery .
this dude was literally giving out his address challenging people to run up on him too .
i 've seen some bad twitter meltdowns over the years but this is just ... .man .
welcome to r/detroitlions where you get downvoted for simply stating a fact lol
lamar jackson 's nose is almost as wide as his mouth .
i thought my school was pretty big and it had around 500 .
i 'm definitely looking forward to it thank you for the quick response and i wish you so much success !
i feel like this wo n't be the last time we see this matchup this season
it 's obvious she ate him whole and shit out a little version of him .
so under your job title only accomplishments not roles ?
allergies got me sneezing everywhere i just put some clear coat over it and called it good
1 you have tone squelch on as mentioned below or
2 you were near a commercial radio tower/installation and your receiver was overloaded .
i suspect this was your problem it is a well known issue with poor receiver front ends near powerful commercial vhf/uhf/microwave towers which unfortunately are often on sota summits !
hahahahaha this is so true ... my class always does that ! !
you should always make more because you make my class laugh 😂🤣
your exercise regimen is not at all up to your husband .
it is something that you decide on and the only other person that can give input is your doctor .
he should n't be mad at you or making you feel guilty .
guess what he do n't drop shit in the first place how long we been waiting for songs we wanted and they see we ask for ?
felt bad back then but now it 's way over due they do n't listen to shit we ask for so honestly whatever leaks we get enjoy it cause majority of songs y'all want we ai n't getting in the first place
ask any person that has been pregnant or their families if they have died from it that question to find out what they think is necessary .
i have been one and remain at risk of being one again .
honestly i 'm thinking about it but i do n't know how much use i 'd get out of it in the us .
maybe on international trips but more and more places do n't allow drones .
i totally get why but at the same time i see these awesome aerial shots of places and it makes me jealous .
i also do n't know that i want to add a drone to my dslr lenses on long trips anyways .
he 's been everywhere in all of our games so far .
i said opinions .. i said new players will think certain heroes are op and its perfectly normal .
i feel like some are getting butthurt and its sad because its just a disscusion
the thing about trump supporters is that no person is becoming a trump supporter .
those who support him will continue to do so or will decide to not support him anymore .
no one is looking at what trump is doing and is like oh i like him now '' .
bad times at the el royal fist movie i ever went to by myself .
certain first ballot hall of famers russ/watson building their resume .
'eternal format ' has a very specific definition in mtg as alpha but even if you ignore that my point was that modern horizons was n't designed for multiple eternal formats it was designed for modern .
starting frank 2 games when he is the only real point guard the others are injured and putting morris in the starting lineup in front of knox is developing the kids well ... oh also putting so much pressure on rj when he is 1 in minutes played in the league and benching mitch and putting in portis also ... sure .
i 'm a bit sad that we did n't get many mods for this game .
reverting the shadow change seems like the kinda thing that should 've been easy to do on pc .
i think the new aesthetic is okay but i can see how the old one would be better for a lot of people .
the bright side of living in arizona we do n't do that shit
i just saw it on you tube and it said homosexuality so i checked and it turned out to be this
crazy how competitive he 's kept the heat over the years .
even with the big 3 they still lived up to expectations
milan lucic player is serving a 2 game suspension .
how many goals does james neal have per game that milan lucic will be suspended ?
i mix it up with body weight exercise using intervals on days i 'm not lifting heavy .
i try to keep my routine as varied as possible running lifting calisthenics .
coming from your weight and size it 's sounds like your body might not be fat adapted yet or you 're not eating enough calories if you 're struggling with a strong lifts routine .
i also eat a mostly carnivore diet and it took me a few months before i did n't feel woozy or lightheaded working out hard .
in the meantime do what you can to keep moving if you 're eating at a deficit the weight will drop and you will wake up one day with enough energy to start tackling heavier workouts .
sounds more entertaining than watching what actually is on tv these days .
so true im gon na sink so many hours into this game that i might even surpass my 1k hours on witcher xd
meyers with 21/4/1 on 9/11 shooting and 3 steals and a block .
dude is playing some real nice heads up d .
so happy that he 's flourishing now that he 's finally getting minutes .
the yokai watch comparison is one i 've been rolling around in my head .
the designs are n't exactly similar but the general aesthetic and appeal '' are certainly similar .
it 's really a shame to see pokemon move away from creatures that could actually inhabit a world to ... not .
not likely unless he also has the same background .
most people can guess your relative age by your resume and will know you 're not this guy who 's 20 years older .
i imagine lots of people have someone work the same name with a less than desirable public background and they 're not mistaken for that person .
well drawn technically but the design from the torso down makes little to no practical or aesthetic sense .
i have a set of unyilding cavalier ap refresh x3 and x2 posen resist scaut armor fully moded with polymer and ultralight and dense i am looking for unyilding sentinal ap or posen resist scaut
white people can have curly hair but 99 of the time it 's not going to be textured enough for dreads .
like i think weird al could have some pretty decent non-matted dreads .
i do n't get why but chara gets away with literally everything now .
he holds/interferes with people every game and never gets called for it and if he does throw a punch he 'll never get a penalty .
i do n't know why officials have such a hard on for him .
já ciência da natureza veja o que você tem mais facilidade biologia química ou física .
se tem facilidade em tudo ótimo mas se não escolha duas matérias para estudar bem os temas que mais caem .
física mecânica cinemática e energia eletrodinâmica circuitos consumo elétrico corrente etc ... e calorimetria quantidade de calor calor latente conversão de unidades de temperatura .
química estequiometria foco nisso já são 60 das questões e é só saber regra de três eletroquímica pilha de daniel oxiredução e eletrolise e funções orgânicas alcool aldeído amina amida etc ... .
biologia ecologia ciclos da água nitrogênio e carbono cadeia alimentar relações inter e intra específicas e impacto do homem no meio ambiente genética gene dominante recessivo heterozigo homozigoto probabilidade do parente nascer com doença etc ... e citologia dna rna citoplasma mitocôndria etc ... .
acertando umas 27 questões você já consegue seus 650 .
watched these guys for 4 years always solid gameplay and lots of entertainment if you want some kojima in your life this week take a look .
and sadly it still exists this crazy and idiotic thing from the 18th century .
it should have been abolished already in the 19th century .
bartended for 10 years got out of it 2 years ago .
still have dreams where i 'm making a very elaborate drink and the ticket machine just keeps humming .
it 's giving me weed head just typing it .
if he did n't exist in vol 1 i doubt komi would know everyone like she has now .
cus was n't that kind of the point with tadano helping her make 100 friends ?
the plot has got so spicy that i think a lot of people forgot about the 100 friends promise .
i have received blessings from my father 's to help me in nnn
okay is it city pressure or do you have an well and pressure tank ?
idk if it 's only hot water pressure that 's low it sounds like the pressure relief valve on the water heater is slightly leaking or the shutoff is partially closed on the water heater .
i saw this one on my phone last night .
i did n't have these issues on my xr and my previous xs max 😡
do you think the rust dissolver will hurt the paint though forgot to ask that .
yea does n't help that they capitalize the beginning and end t '' .
lawyer and radio show host norman goldman has said that we should ignore trump 's 'i 'm thinking of ' comments because he is n't going to do that.. it 's a distraction .
if he was going to do anything why telegraph it ?
lol me too but since i do n't like my gold saints without their cloths .
that 's true about the black market like you mention i 'm fully on board with paying the mileage fee as part of your registration and paying that debt before doing a title transfer .
for a state like mine where you do that annually it could work reasonably well for those who are capable of lump sum payments .
for others maybe it could be paid monthly over the next year .
what 's up with leaves up someone 's asshole ?
great 3rd down arm punt brady but the punting team needs to do better tackling down field .
subscribe to r/democraticsocialism and join us at r/ourpresident for bernie 2020 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/democraticsocialism if you have any questions or concerns .
just need a framed photo of her shaking hands with president redford .
just now checking it from my phone vs laptop .
in fact i put my name on the waiting list a year and a half ago and no update .
they added more steel buttons that 's about it .
do n't yell at me we 're both so hurt right now
i still think the pats win more but the ravens looking good today
they lost 3-1 to levante in 's saturday though .
i think it 's fairer to say it helps most and it helps almost everybody who is open to it .
it 's weird how the most effective strategies are the ones least likely to be taught in college though .
the more wishy washy the client is always right and it 's all about like their story maaan are far less effective but far more likely to be taught .
i think because they 're just more postmodern and woke and that 's what half of a psychology course is these days .
it could be higher if the price rises back up !
i would keep it or at least get 70 out of it .
there 's blogs and sub reddits dedicated to this r/churning the points guy ...
all her insta pics have very bad photo shop she usually hacks half her legs very noticably .
i 'm not having a go at the way she looks but i do n't get it .
everyone will see the difference when you are on tv ?
if you want to optimize for economic factors then obviously trade deals like nafta are objectively good .
the problem is that some people are interested in optimizing for different things .
it does n't replace values but it gives us important info when weighing future actions .
again we strive to emphasize this because we dislike the we must do something here 's something therefore we should do it '' line of reasoning you see frequently .
it seems to us that modern political debates frequently skip an important part of the decision-making process the part where you look at evidence to evaluate what choices will lead where .
if my primary interest as a voter was to avoid unemployment and reduce drug usage in northeast ohio where i live then it may very well be rational for me to oppose free trade even if it goes against objective economic data .
but on this subreddit we try to be egalitarian and in particular we think it 's unjust to use the power of the state to inflict large amounts of harm on some people to prevent small amounts of harm coming to other people especially when preventing the latter can be done in less destructive ways and preventing the former ca n't .
while it may be tempting to say yeah but the people being hurt by free trade are american so their lives matter more '' we tend to not be convinced by that .
a nation with more free trade will be richer than one without it ceteris paribus .
this is known as ricardo 's law of comparative advantage and one of the oldest discovered facts about economics .
the problem is that though we 'd be richer overall with gains exceeding losses the gains are frequently widespread and the losses concentrated .
but with a creative enough government redistribution program you could in principle leave everyone better off .
libertarian free trade might lead to economic losses in ohio but neoliberal free trade can provide a safety net .
the reason i 'm laying this out is that is shows how a non-trivial but demonstrable fact about economics leads you to an obvious solution demagogues do n't tend to see .
my problem with the evidence based '' ideology is that all ideologues feel they 're evidence based too .
in plenty of cases this is true at which point i can see how our evidence-based '' shtick becomes obnoxious so i see where you 're coming from better now .
but there are plenty of cases global warming gmos vaccines nuclear fission rent control the net effects of free trade and of course immigration where very many people are just plain wrong .
their answers to societal problems are n't wrong because their values disagree with ours but because they do n't have the facts on their side .
the evidence-based policy '' mantra i believe is important for stuff like that .
defense needs to be perfect to close this game out if we 're gon na win
everyone in north america who feels safe right now just know climate change is about to shift their territorial range further north .
alligators coming soon to river or lake near you .
put in the usb stick on the first try .
looks like you 're upset because there 's a 200 pound limit on the water slides at you local water park .
i had a dream about planning on going to the movies with here
home alone 💯 i was a kid and i almost died of laughter
i mean that man is in the right area but wrong approach .
and just a corset without a shirt beneath it is not the look i 'd want to go for .
sadly a really gothic-style look is n't possible currently which is what the concept art i based this off is themed after
this is the first book i bought on my own with my own money at a school book fair in second grade .
africa and south america looking their actual size for once .
ah i see how that would work for you not something i could ever manage lol .
i could have attempted to act cool but i 'm so not and my insecurities just leak through 😝 .
that 's good but occupied by something good something bad etc ?
now can you please come talk sense to my nutcase mom ?
she has stated that if i would get pregnant she would rather me die trying to than saving my life over the baby . ''
was that overthrown or did sanu not see it was a jump ball situation till it was too late ?
i know racism against white people is normally ignored and all so its good he was disciplined .
people say racism against white people doest exist but it does its good it wasnt ignored
res sickness assuming you have money to repair and swap locations there are more than 2 zones where you can level from the 20-50 range and not every zone is camped to heck
if you see a roaming elite you dont charge face first you run around it .
kitchens is also working with a much more talented team than jackson .
allways nice to see hard hitting journalism coming from a publication who 's target mareket is teenagers
puss in boots is the tabaxi rogue with the swashbuckler archetype who somehow convinced the the dm to lower his size from medium to small in exchange for extra stat points
i would n't have thought it was a drawing of a water droplet if i had n't seen the title ... just looks like a drawing of a circle to me
the niners are going to be insufferable if they 're actually the last perfect team .
here on r/thelostwoods we take pride in our women not being thots
cl final guaranteed if they buy lucas moura too .
i was just saying from one guy he said the issue is the amount of fuel-load in these areas that are prone for large wildfires '' .
now climate change may be contributing but the reason they are so large and spread so far and fast is the fuel on the ground .
he did n't get go into why that is the case .
i was n't saying cali is saying they ca n't more so just that it 's not being done or done adequately .
now if you get into why '' you get the right wingers saying it 's the tree-hugging liberals '' who do n't want to burn off that fuel in a controlled way because of the trees and animals .
in my opinion a controlled fire will not damage a full size tree because you just burn off the junk on the ground and extinguish .
and the ash actually can help fertilize the ground .
and animals have dealt with wildfires since the beginning of time so they will flee and then move back into the area after .
i guess my post was more so this is the reason they get so bad but why is that risk not being mitigated '' .
think of a house filled with newspaper all over the place .
a fire will spread incredibly fast due to abundance of easy burning fuel .
why are we not taking the paper out to the trash so to speak .
i was one of the fursuiters on campus and i know it 's not everyone 's thing .
first time years ago i saw fursuits they honestly creeped me out .
but things change and now i organize the halloween suiting and candy event every year .
one of my main rules for the group is to not be a nuisance and to not bother people that are clearly not about it .
we just want to do our thing and have fun and if others like it great !
definitely liked the aesthetics as well as the difficulty !
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with higher '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
please do not message us about this we will probably mute you and move on with our day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
the players running overkill with the 725 are almost always at the bottom of the scoreboard .
looks like a fuckin silhouette of kraid from the original metroid http vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/metroid/images/7/79/metroid_kraid.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200 ? cb=20091012201449
i think a coalition is still on the cards .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fragilewhiteredditor if you have any questions or concerns .
the reason you stated is exactly why i love playing killer honestly .
every one of them is different and requires a different playstyle and i love that .
i just have a basic survivor build whenever some friends want to play and dick around rank 15 but i put all my bps into killers because i enjoy the diversity .
survivors on the other hand are basically just skins with teachables .
i do similar with a staged mental interview and i 've done this without knowing for years .
i just have a conversation with an imaginary interviewer about a specific topic and let them try to ask any question about a subject that comes to mind .
i wo n't be party to a band of thugs who drape themselves in religion to enrich themselves .
to the outside world i 'm just a normal succession of letters but with my team at letter-labs i secretly fight crime .
took a date to see wolf on wall street it worked out somehow
edit i had no idea how raunchy the movie would be
if there is one piece of advice you could give the world from your time here and leave one thing that we should take with us from our time on earth what would it be ?
exactly i 'd look at them and think well yea it 's the browns ''
that being said i feel bad for their fans again .
it 's almost too much to watch how long they 've suffered then get their hopes up only to be beaten back down again .
they never grew up though since my aunt and her husband have paid for everything for them
she always seems very happy when i 'm around especially when we go out for a meal which i 'm going to do but i also want to get her a gift .
this is insane and i could n't go by with a good conscious without doing something about it honestly .
honestly i would want a care package that focuses on me being anything other than pregnant .
once people know it 's like the only thing they care about and you cease being the whole woman you were before .
make a non-pregnant care package with one thing in it that is for her pregnancy .
lets just hope that we can see content updates ... like dlc which is just beyond a joke these days do n't get a full game anymore .
yes that 's why i said a piece of '' the equipment .
it 's not singular ownership of specific elements it 's collective ownership and profit derivation from that collective ownership .
i was responding to a claim that basically said the military is n't socialist because a soldier ca n't take a tank and sell it for profit because he does n't own it .
and that 's absolutely a misunderstanding of owning the means of production . ''
then of course we get closer to the bartz problem where more wcasts might be better if you 're already capping .
he came too close to the meaning of life the universe and everything .
maybe try to tell her what you 're struggling with tell her that you can only look at her sexually and that you want that to change .
if she has no attention for you and does n't want to change and help you change it might be time to part ways .
remember if you do n't feel comfortable it 's probably not the relationship for you .
if you 're scared of losing your relationship because you wo n't be able to have sex you 'll need to kick off of the sex/porn/masturbation .
it may sound hard right now but life is so worth living when you 're not addicted to porn or sex .
a relationship should be more than just sex if you do n't get along or if you 're being ignored do n't continue torturing yourself with it .
good luck i hope you decide what 's best for yourself and your well-being .
you can always talk to me if you need to .
what the hell is a real lesbian '' in her mind ?
what is with women having to be pure '' like somehow if you had to figure out what you are by first figuring out what you are n't you are some how lesser .
or that my sexual history is something to be ashamed of .
the only concern i have or would have with myself and with others just entering the wlw community is lack of confidence and early emotional turmoil getting in the way .
like i would hate to be the cause of my girlfriend loosing her relationship with her mom but it might happen when she finally tells her .
it 's right up there with women telling other women they are n't really lesbians if they are in a relationship with a transgender woman or that some how all relationships have to have a masculine and feminine partner as if dating a butch woman is like dating a man and therefore you are just emulating straight relationships .
nobody but you gets to define your identity and relationships .
radford university in virginia is right at 50k for 3 years .
there are still some programs that are n't prohibitingly expensive but are becoming harder to find and get into .
i 'll have to try it if i can find it .
the reason homosexuality is a sin is completely apparent .
at sasha 's halloween party but it was more like making out and then stealing her clothes..
still not as much sex with women as previous seasons .
specific behavior of the client you 're claiming to be wo n't be reproduced by tixati and can be detected quite easily .
especially if the tracker uses scripts that pretend to be peers in the swarm to do handshakes with your client this will quickly reveal your client is modded and you 'll get banned .
do what i did grab wireshark and sniff out connections you 'll see that it is not easy to detect spoofed clients .
now if you 're talking about faking ratios that 's another thing .
nobody should use tixati on private trackers to begin with
private trackers should check periodically bit torrent clients and they do n't the issue with tix started with a data leak which no longer exists .
instead they do a black list and rarely update it .
i also tell people what you tell but only because of how private trackers deal with these types of things and because it 's too much of a hassle to spoof the peer id per torrent .
instead they should lean heavily on the author to open source the damn thing
just because it 's closed source does n't mean it 's insecure across these years tixati client and its developer have proven to be secure with no malicious intent .
not everything has to be open source this is a stupid mentality .
and yes i am a heavily tixati user which is why i am defending it .
i agree with you when you say to not use tixati on private trackers but for different reasons .
well best not dodd 's point and dress up as a pizza delivery guy next halloween .
pizza box in one hand and i think we know what 'll be in the other..
if it breaks the rules downvote this comment and report the post .
we are stuck between and do n't really have a representation .
we are too old to be with the kiddos too young to be tied to genx .
we have been resigned to watching more than a single generation resist a little bit and then become the man but we lack agency ourselves .
for instance i grew up being beaten on for being gay .
but now as i was in my late 20 's now 36 acceptance grew just a bit too late for it to have a major impact or save myself or those my age from anything .
it 's a weird group we are a part of .
the rest of us do n't care about the single-issue snp or nicola sturgeon .
i think both ford and tesla did market studies and decided against it .
considering a limited battery production is it better to sell many electric vehicles or a few high end pick-up trucks ?
putting so much batteries on a pickup is a waste in my humble opinion .
fresh milk is a thing for me so i always check the dates .
grocery store and supermarkets are usually fine high volume but high turnover and generally good rotation .
convenience stores it is often 50/50 if i find expired milk sometimes all i can find is expired .
i have to admit it never occurred to me to go up to the clerk and tell them it 's illegal to have expired milk on your shelf it 's not and that they have to give me the next largest size of milk that is not expired for the same price as the one i wanted that is expired they do n't .
you refer to him however he tells you to .
a month ago i would have been wtf ? ! ''
i 'm sorry but you are n't the trustedinstaller .
i speak spanish and i have laughed so hard because of this
i honestly preferred the old poe 3 difficulty thing over their current 10 act structure because some of the later acts are just so boring and long .
they basically decided to waste our time intentionally by making some of the zones so big and pointless .
what if they integrated the normal nightmare hell difficulty theme '' into dungeons making it so you could apply say a hell modifier to keys so it the dungeon even harder like an empowered rift 2.0
she was paid to show up and sing pay her half she showed up but she did n't sing and she did n't even have a copy of her song on her phone to play .
well you 're over reacting to being downvoted so ya i 'd say over reacting is sort of your thing
my dog makes this same face whenever he has something that he knows that he is not allowed to have
whatsapp gained traction in a lot of places well before even whatsapp was a thing .
i 'm not sure what was said and this pic ca n't be used as proof as anyone can edit a pic with words .
it did look like some guys were being recalled .
i do n't think it 's an issue of obeying a command but rather an issue of can they hear a command with those helmets on ?
also it seems a lot of cops in hk just have blind rage .
looks gorgeous what finish did you put on it ?
how 'd you make the ring insert for it ?
club du visionaire watergate sisyphos should be more your speed .
peter i do n't know suddenly i ca n't see
i thought you might catch the ledge on the way down ... ..so close
when i was so busy i forgot to watch the clock and my shift was over .
did fucking booger just call zeke the best running back in the league ?
you need to get broken in by a nice guy like me
i have a i7-6700 cpu what else do you want to see ?
the oath ban makes a lot of sense when you think of context for power level .
for the decks that want oath you are actually just playing a card with a similar dig/deck thinning power as ponder or preordain .
it probably sits at a little better then ponder but slight worse then preordain when your strategy is early control and interaction while digging .
you 're right it does look really monotone at the moment and i think i need to pick my values a bit better in that respect .
the bananas are lighter than the background but i made it the same shade which i need to watch out for .
did anyone find a fix for the bloody cross platform chat issue ?
seriously one of her biggest defining traits/pathologies is the need nay demand to be taken care of constantly by external forces .
so of course she ca n't pack some damn kind bars and string cheese in her bag the airport has to have the opportunity to fail to care for her .
not just fail to feed her but to fail to provide her with the care she believes she is owed because that 's what the food obsession boils down to she believes she deserves to be cared for by external forces and food is her primary way to receive care .
god forbid she learn to take care of herself like most goddamn adults do .
if she believes she was neglected by her parents and is still seeking the care she believes they did n't provide looking for it from other people and the freaking atlanta airport is not the way to go about addressing that emotional need .
the only way to truly address it is to learn to take care of your damn self .
okay so there was never any evidence they were shouting racial slurs .
that just came from kareem hunt and his boys .
but of course trust the people who literally stole the girls phone and tried deleting evidence off it or the guy who lied to his football team about what happened .
but of course they clearly were yelling racial slurs at him because him and his entourage are clearly believable in this case ...
i had hangouts installed for an extra year just to talk to him .
i drive down the 19 to papineau and all the way down and just find parking on rene-levesque .
i never have a problem finding parking as long as you get there for 6 and do n't mind walking a few blocks .
i 'm buying at least two packs after the site recovers .
i think when your kendrick 's level there 's too many people wanting to protect you from being bodied by a noname for collaborations like that to happen
i wish i was on reddit when shit like this happens i always miss it🤦🏾‍♂️😂
im kinda jealous of those carbs my 280z needs a new injection setup before i can cam it or turbo the l28 and it 's not running too good so megasquirt or bust i guess
even if it was deadly i 'd still eat it .
rather live a short life with it then a long one without it 😂
i met up with a cute guy or so i thought and realise he used make up to cover up a nasty surgical wound or blemish or something on his face that made me say oh sorry i 'm just not interested anymore '' and went home .
i get it you 're insecure about what others think of you but some people will find that attractive too .
you 're not being shallow you 're not being a dick just simply tell her youre not interested anymore and you 're looking elsewhere .
or just say you 're gay now or have always been gay .
or just call her fat and to stop being fake .
i do n't really drink the sugary stuff much anymore but uhh ...
since numbers are just numbers without a frame of reference how many sugar cubes is acceptable each day ?
you could get an lx with a 2.73 or a p71 with a 3.27 same year and afaik you could swap between them no problem .
he 'd have to do the whole rear end though rather than just the pumpkin if that 's what you mean .
so you literally know nothing about something you claim to hate .
10 10 perfect size shape perkyness nipples are nice and not to big
i know it 's not you i was just making a wide statement on his stats
this is exactly why bernie should get the nomination and warren should stay in the senate .
you need voters for 2020 more than real political power '' which sanders does have .
supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses .
really i think if aoc was running that you would be backing her instead of warren .
and we do n't shit on education like alaska does .
in walker 's first year as governor he cut school aid by 426.5 million from the previous year doyle 's final year as governor .
part of the problem with parnas is that no reasonable person would have accepted this job or money to influence politicians and their lawyers without asking cui bono ?
part of what makes him a great operative is that he 's equal parts dumb and greedy .
if he got caught the oligarchs can just flush him down the toilet .
of course there 's a better question who are the oligarchs working for ?
every christmas we hang a reindeer ornament and tell the boys its rudolph and he watches them and tells santa if they 're good or not .
only works when we point it out but still works
please edit this comment with the explanation in 6 years .
what the eff did you just effing say about me you little bitch ?
i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-bagdadi i called him big daddy and my dog killed him before he blew up .
i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces .
you are nothing to me but just another target .
i will wipe you the eff out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth mark my effng words .
and i do n't use google because it 's immoral .
he 's saying that they are n't really christian .
glad it was n't just me who noticed lol .
they 've obviously gotten close over the years but dayum
this submission has been removed as your elaboration was less than 160 characters roughly two or three standard sized sentences .
if you wish to resubmit the post make sure you include an elaboration/explanation to your post that is has more content .
please read rule 1 correct formatting and rule 6 elaborate and the rest of them while you 're at it .
note that reddit 's character count is unreliable as they count spaces whereas i 'm programmed to not count spaces and there 's nothing the mods can do about it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
everything is split down the middle even if it 's two tablespoons .
the point is that he feels i 'm defiling it by having it for lunch .
they do n't bite or sting and are usually found around moisture .
i am merely explaining to you why your shitbrain logic is wrongzzz
must have been 185 pass attempts against the giants ago .
hey 🤗 mr krabs 🦀🦀i 🙋🙋have a question❓ said 💬 spongebob .
lay it on 🔛🔛 me 🙋🙋 lad '' mr. krabs 🦀 responded um ... how big is a dick 🍆 supposed to be 🤨🧐 ?
mr krabs 🦀 responded whip it out boyo it ca n't be that bad sweet 🍬neptune.. .
mr. krabs 🦀 laches onto spongebobs dick 🍆and ➕➕starts sucking it like a lollipop 🍭🍭 mr. krabs 🦀if you do that i 'll cum 💦💦💦 '' replied spongebob .
but spongebob your dick 🍆 tastes 👅👅 just like my fathers👴👴 used to.. before he passed away ⚰⚰ oh well back 🔙🔙to sucking '' mr krabs 🦀said 💬💬 mr. krabs 🦀🦀started sucking on 🔛🔛 it harder until he blindfolded spongebob and ➕➕ put him on 🔛🔛 a chair and with a smooth voice said spongebob do n't ⛔⛔ worry 😥😥 this will only take a minute '' spongebob panicked 😬😬😬 and replied mr.krabs 🦀 i 🙋 do n't ⛔⛔⛔ want your hairy crab 🦀🦀 ass 🍑🍑🍑 touching an inch of ➡➡ my dong 🍆🍆🍆 !
too late '' said mr.krabs 🦀🦀 the force of mr.krabs 🦀🦀🦀 ass 🍑🍑🍑 made spongebob so horny 🍆💦💦💦 that he came 💦💦💦 all inside mr.krabs 🦀🦀 ass 🍑🍑 and later sold it to customers as soup 🍲🍲🍲
i think a lot of people missed out on that v2 drop myself included .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's like he wants us to call him a boomer .
as a person with more than two brain cells in an industry full of people stereotypically known to be the dumbest mother fuckers on this planet along with no in house it .
i frequently get stuck performing the most boring and mundane it tasks by process of elimination .
one older employee brought in his personal laptop and asked me if i could speed it up .
i thought to myself sure i 'll just do a malware byte scan and backup media to an external drive . ''
if you 've never seen a homemade contraption of leaf blowers angled in just the right way that if you were to squat over them you would be able to propel your fecal matter at quite an impressive velocity into virtually anything of your choosing then i envy you .
let 's just say i found out why this guys breath always smelled like shit and no i do n't think it had very much to do with dental hygiene or perhaps even his breath .
guy from work had a contraption in his garage to blow shit directly from many different asses directly into his face and kept the videos on a barely functional laptop .
i have n't got the 2 first seasonal only had the chance for s3 or wick other than that i got all common gliders
you could say that if one or two players was hurt but we had like half the team hurt lol
do you mind telling me how many mg spironlactone you take daily ?
even if it had n't been killed here it never would have happened .
the american political climate currently prevents any new pipelines cross-border because they are simply to divisive .
people literally lost limbs to the police and national guard to keep them from building one and it originally passed all approvals before being killed .
southern pipelines simply can not happen and it 's got nothing to do with our side of the border .
and you think we will get more money when we do n't have the entire economic leverage of canada behind us .
when has the us ever treated fairly with small-gdp oil producing nations ?
our eye-tracking software has detected that you have not read the offer .
hell even max 's 2015 at fifth place would have a great shot at winning most years
netflix made a movie centered around a 16 year old girl being too tall to meet any guys at her high school .
were any of my past experiences spiritual at all ?
i am nearly licensed in the career i am persuing however who knows how long it will take to get a job in that field ?
should i find a new job for 2 or 3 months before i 'm certified ?
or should i stick it out here completely unhappy in order to salvage my work history ?
that 's what has been keeping me up at night .
if you are asking a question please copy and paste your submission to today 's daily q a https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3a 22daily+q 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day or resubmit a thorough and detailed question including your stats sex height weight age .
if you are posting an achievement sv/nsv please copy and paste your submission to today 's feats of the day https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3afeats+title 3aof+title 3ansv+title 3asv sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day thread .
if you are posting in regards to your day 1 please copy and paste your submission to today 's day 1 start your journey https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3aday+title 3a1+title 3astarting+title 3ajourney+title 3ahere sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/loseit if you have any questions or concerns .
ya but why purposely say anything offensive just for laughs even if it 's not as bad as something else ?
hi spookybabe12 thank you for your submission to r/comedycemetery !
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
rule 5 this post includes personal information that would make it easy for users to harass this content creator .
if you feel this was done in error or would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the mods .
only two but here you go we never ate them .
we adopted them away because we just wanted eggs .
i do n't believe there is even a 60 pcb that would support them
if it was a concern you would hear about it .
but you would be using it under amazon at that time so it would flip .
insurance companies only care about the status the vehicle at the time of a claim .
even skip bayless is giving him shit for that garbage throw
hard to dick punch when you 're being choked out by someone behind you lol .
probably the most flavourful and nutritional part of a subway
does whiteside have the one hand yips for rebounds ?
i find writing when i 'm tired prevents the editor portion of my brain from activating so i 'm basically vomiting words up .
they usually need to be revised but i guess it 's my most direct and personal voice .
he sent us bear shaped bottles full of honey .
if shrek keanu reeves and danny devito had a baby
it 's just characters like cui or puipui and yakon and shit who do n't really deserve one sure they 're cool aesthetically but they did n't do much of anything fight wise/ability wise
he 's good take him as much as you can
last i played around with them i discovered that they reset to the default tone after leaving the planet and returning .
so i gave up on them for the time being .
not much help but i figured you might want to test that before getting into anything too elaborate and possibly getting your dreams crushed .
if damian ever wanted to defend in his career i would be surprised
here https www.reddit.com/r/asktransgender/comments/a866ie/im_a_13_year_old_boy_but_i_want_to_be_a_female/eck0x9i at the bottom might be a few hints .
just be aware that on many of them are also young people so leaving out nsfw content may be advisable .
he 'll always have that memory and that ring .
that picture of him running with the w flag with his eyes shut and his mouth opens as he yells is one my favorite pictures of any cubs player .
i got started because almost because i had to .
moved to a new city and did n't have a job .
a lot of hard work and it worked out .
set aside a small bankroll and reinvest the profits .
his hair/beard and piercings do n't help at all lol .
click or tap here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=sprinkleoffuck to send a private message to the author .
please do not comment your snapchat username on this post or it will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
look at what happens when you get saquon in space and not just run him right at the entire defense
i now realize carlos mesa is a us stooge .
the dutch language '' was created by a drunk englishman attempting to speak german .
why dont the giants try throwing the ball in the endzone ?
i agree that the phone does the same thing but it 's kind of scary how people have no though to this when the alexa is way more transparent about listening to you .
like with a phone you can kind of pretend it 's not listening to you but you ca n't with an alexa
looks like the fat zombie in plan 9 from outer-space
this thread is about the lawrence o'donnell report regarding russian oligarchs co-signing loans .
i 'm saying that just because you do n't accept it as true does n't mean you conclude it is false .
not if you punched them hard enough they do n't remember anything that happened there are n't any witnesses no cameras and you did n't leave any traceable evidence .
does n't need to be the gpu but yes i agree thats the most likely cause .
ive been scrounging online ive gone through sooo many languages especially hitting ones we have speculated he used in that one unknown song at coachella but nothing .
so i have been asking people online for suggestions as to what it may be but they said while it may borrow from certain languages it looks like a man-made cipher .
i have heard that before over 6 people close to me dying .
it is one sentence that can range from just having a conversation to people dying and most of the time you do n't know the context .
so you are afraid if something happened or you will just talk .
people have a right to ask questions just like you ask questions of other companies .
nobody has to answer anything and i 'd hope people would understand that they may be coming from a good place to protect lee 's privacy and their integrity to not answer .
none of that means that anyone is obligated to support them or should shut up and stop asking .
none of that means harassing them or their extended community is okay either .
people are gon na look at the stat sheet and assume he was really dominating the ball but so much of what he does is in the flow of the offense .
dinwiddie and rodi two good players last year have been huge negatives .
inferior to say working out before work every day .
sorry u/lxxdubb but we do not see any evidence that the trade occurred .
the user you 're awarding karma to must have had a conversation with you in this thread .
we do this to prevent people from giving karma without any trading occurring .
but you can do a spritz of oil if you like .
i agree about red flags but i disagree strongly about maturity and the ability to find a good match because that comes as you get to know yourself better and be more confident and comfortable with who you really are as a person .
i do not think most 24 year olds are well through that process .
i do n't think most 28 year olds are at the end of it but i think they 're significantly further on than most 24 year olds .
at 28 i had a 6 figure income and was pretty close to owning my own place .
my taste in men has always been decent but it 's certainly gotten better with age .
but my life is totally different and my confidence in what i want and what i do n't even want to smell in the air was super different from 24 to 28 .
ask me next fall i just finished a 2 year build and resto in this about 2 weeks ago .
such a dumb foul by book c'mon bro you know you have 3 already now you have 4 and you 're our hot hand right now .
if none of those are available or any reason feel free to pm me .
sorry for not replying earlier ive been really busy irl
andrews field ... the norwalk high band practices there so it would n't be out of place and the neighbors are used to it
i would look at the curriculum and see if the material is valuable to you personally .
formal education in management of any sort is not a prerequisite to work at any ad agencies i know of .
most people in agency management start as a project manager and move to other roles .
that being said most higher learning institutions are n't teaching the types of courses that would prepare you for day to day project management media planning/buying programmatic ad ops etc those are all learned skills that you pick up with experience .
perhaps since you have a better understanding of the situation you could get in touch with someone who works at an agency you have you eye on and ask them about their role and see if the investment in those courses is worth it .
maybe not as an alternative but as a supplement you could look at an internship at said agency .
i work in the agency world and my degree is in marketing management .
my coworkers have had a wide array of qualifications but i ca n't tell you of anyone i know at least in my sector that has a marketing management specific degree like myself .
use demon i think when he take damage allies to atk jager will max passive right away .
i think when i just use sink water it 'll get a bit cloudy after a while .
this does n't happen when it 's boiled first .
was the crowd excited and loud before the show ?
at least pedal scooter not so dangerous but then people accuse a pedal scooter of being an escooter
i 'm so sick of posts that say well currently i listen to a paper bag with a hitachi wand in it as a subwoofer so i do n't need anything good ! ''
wait we did n't kill him at the end of that quest line ?
it 's been like 2 years since i 've done it .
please provide the complete sanitized configuration of the edgerouter .
he 's probably crying because he has 2million subs and is worried he wo n't be able to buy that 2nd ferrari .
how do i open the links posted on the app ?
yeah shit does n't do anything for the pain for me either .
i got subs that i refuse to take unless i know i wont be able to get anything for at least a couple days .
thanks for the input ... the thing is maybe its placebo but taking off lots of big ap items going from 270 to 230 but still hitting 270 it feels less damage when we are at 230 .
i 'm sure you are right just something does n't add up .
we know they can fuck stuff up like the ap from bartali being added on and not making brackets work .
they could very much fuck something here it 's just so hard to test during a nw .
literally the most annoying girl trend that was popular for around 5 years .
i bought a deck but i think i need to buy a second deck so i can frame my favorites .
is sticking one 's fingers in one 's ears and shouting but her emails and benghazi and biden 's son is the real crook and fake news technically winning an argument ?
they do n't have that authority netease runs shit over there not blizzard .
he is an amazing character indeed it is indicated that he became lazy after his defeat against kaido mentionned in the thriller bark arc and losing all of his crew he was before that a strong pirate
but he became lazy and relied on zombies and his minions to do his work
he only got ls but maybe because he had not recovered from his fight against the shs
i also like moria tho hope we see him again in the futur
kannst dir ja denken wie offen wir abends um 22.00 waren nach dem ganzen .
they should start making cpus to beat out a series by apple .
newpipe on android no youtube ads ever ublock origin on chrome or firefox no youtube ads ever .
the warriors are 2-5 and have looked atrocious in every game except this one .
blazers absolutely should n't have lost but they are two tough shots from being 5-2 .
well it was n't hammond but it was top gear who destroyed it .
i think you 're overestimating a fucking 5 year old
no but the main character in mine is also shown doing drugs .
i 've seen a fair few cheese x 's and a few diff bf blue cheese runs .
that is hands down the frostiest cheese cross i 've ever fuckin ' seen .
i still think hitokiri will be a really strong hero even after the nerfs .
she 's already a warden with hyper armour so i think she 'll stay top tier .
warden berserker conq are the obvious choices here too as well .
so it would work kinda like ashe from overwatch ?
your not the first to suggest a tex mechanica lever action but every time i upvote so we get some traction going
this is exactly why i am being unabashedly openly trans despite playing airsoft which is a highly typically cis male dominated sport .
people need to realize that we come from all places all races and all shapes and sizes .
i know i have the balls to stand up to assholes and i want other people who may not be out of the closet yet to see me standing up to these people so that they know that they are not alone .
sometimes it 's not wise to come out or even safe .
regardless i would rather live my life as a woman for a short time and be killed in a hate crime then for me to live my life in the closet afraid to be who i truly am .
i came out for me but i am proud and loud for those who feel they can not be .
i think as a female i 'm fa because i 'm insanely passionate about whatever i 'm into at the moment and i inadvertently become my interests .
it 's hard to find and begin a relationship as yourself when every thought you have at the moment is influenced by some specific hobby .
it 's horrible because i can only make friends or have relationships through whatever hobby we 're both into and once i exhaust that thing and move on i manage to move on from people as well because they ca n't keep up with me .
it still has the courage to ask which means i can still have the courage to ask someone out if i 'm ever in a position to do so .
it 's not persistent it only asks when it has the opportunity to do so
i imagine a guttural battle-cry interrupted by sobs and cackles .
the tonality and er ... texture ... of the sound remains the same through the sobs and the cackles .
that 's a lot of good stuff i like the mixtape ideas i 'll have to try out some of these thanks !
well without it he just looks like he 's the personification of why eat at a restaurant when there 's a perfectly good hot dog on the floor right here '' .
i have to reset my tcl all the time because the picture gets all scrambled .
especially when i swap different apps and then to xbox .
oh yeah whoops i totally forgot about that one somehow lol
yeah it has radio hits popular themes and it bangs .
now can the rnc also reimburse the cities where trump held his rallies ?
yeah and at the end lilith gives her the ship like wtf ?
heck i would give it to claptrap and not her .
thought it was pointless at first then 3 weeks later and me and my friends did n't leave our homes creating fake ones online .
aww thanks i dont need no award your enjoyment of it is all that matters to me .
i painted mine for the first time last week !
my response for now at least is that it was from halloween since that 's true ... ... i do n't know what i 'm going to say when i repaint them ... ..
thor after sex i am mighty thooor ! ! ! ''
ith tho thor i ca n't thit down ! ! ''
my bank account just did n't want to accept it .
seems pretty hit or miss taken down a guy with lvl4 with 2 shots to the chest at point blank but also took 3 shots to the stomach/lower chest on a scav at the same distance to kill .
i 'd go with the ap slug over it for anything past 10m .
maybe a glance into future sanctum and how they built it up .
how the fuck can it be when the earth does n't exist huh ?
smh—people are really out here believing that birds and the earth really exist .
reading the german description of the d-day landing and just the massive amount of ships was incredible .
of course the issue is that he has a contradictory statement for everything he says not that people are being mean .
any other president who acted like trump would be treated the same or likely much worse since no one but the gop refuses to punish their own .
anyway if you really are going out of your way to treat your grade school bully horribly based on past offences that is terrible it 's time to grow up .
it will be better for you to forgive forget who cares about him ?
hosmer 's contract starts to drop around the time we should be extending guys as well .
also pretty sure myers is gon na get traded this offseason
are you watching the rest of the west this year ?
thx do you play sports or what do you like to do
you say that yet your science is 300x more complicated lol .
if it 'll come up in a background check just be upfront about it .
when you find out they 're moving forward with you and they 're initiating a background check send a quick 1-2 sentence note explaining what you just did to us to whoever your contact at that point is .
how the company will respond depends on the company the role and the hiring manager .
short of you working with public sector clients finance or healthcare this should n't usually lead to a revoked offer .
somebody really does need to make some actually good youtube tutorial videos .
man all of the ones are straight up trash .
idk why the order is separate but you always get a free redbubble sticker when you order stickers
2018 team was one of the most dominant maybe ever
it sounds dumb when explaining but i forget how to breathe when talking in front of a lot of people or when nervous .
my sentences will be chopped up in awkward breaths and i hate when it happens .
also just feeling so vulnerable to everyone judging me because i know people will .
mgs v has the smoothest stealth gameplay out of literally any stealth game .
it was incomplete for sure but what is there is definitely decent .
it 's at least a 7 and if it would have been given the time it was needed to be completed it would have been a guaranteed 10 .
i would recomend jarrod 's tech thermals checking for both from what i found the scar 3 is running kinda hot and is thermal throttling
thank you everyone for spreading the words to others of our sub 😄
it make me happy and i definetly notice when i come across post elsewhere with pirate cats some have already mentioned our sub 😁
here 's to hoping we will be a very big cat sub like the others !
look how they massacred my babe amazing for a drawing tho
you need a proper decompression routine before bed like dimming lights and avoiding screens .
i think the light in our phone screens triggers something that keeps us awake .
moffat drawing out of arcs especially during the 11th doctors era .
i understand the xulimination aspect bit it gets excessive with all of 11 being one great arc with side arcs
it 's not similar because the french or spanish did n't boot them from the land for their own resettlement .
they just lived with them much like what the romans did in their empire conquest .
they ‘owned ' the territory but the native people just lived there alongside the small groups of french that were there for fur trapping and trade and the spanish with their missions .
else when we moved out west into louisiana purchase territory or southwest into mexico territory there should n't have been any native people there at all .
america purged them from any land they settled through making them move elsewhere aka trail of tears oklahoma reservations chasing them off ‘private ' land or straight-out murder and systematic killings .
i 've always started like short eye contact smile is this seat free ? ''
i did n't pay until they actually listened and started regularly vacuuming and swiffering .
they have a husky sheds a ton and the rug couch curtains are mine and there 's no way to walk outside my room without your feet getting dirty with the new carpet of dog hair .
one day firmly said when they were both out for once that we need a vacuum roatation/more or less told them vacuuming is a daily job and they need to contribute .
they tried saying they do when i 'm gone but..at this point i was freelancing from home and almost never gone just had my door shut .
so after a week of them actually cleaning a little in this way i paid the bill .
their dog is at least nice and well behaved for the most part .
the problem is that they do n't try to discipline it until it does something at 100 ... .dogs and children do n't work that way .
you have to discipline them when they 're doing something that 's 20 or 40 and escalate accordingly .
if you come out of nowhere explosively you just fear monger them and they hate you .
there 's a reason the dog immediately seems to like me more .
they could n't even get the dog to do shake '' or sit '' when i moved in ... within a very long day i had it trained to sit shake lie down go to its room and stay .
i just trained it the same way i did with my cat and made it sit and lie down to chill out at something minorly bad before he escalated and i had to escalate too .
i 'm now realizing i have to take the same way to the humans i did n't sign up to be anyone 's parent !
they 're a lot harder since i can ' t use a clicker .
edit i 'm honestly wondering what questions to ask that i 'm doing wrong with sussing out clean roommates when they 're not the closest of friends beforehand .
these two agreed to a chore chart beforehand showed me their apartment and then upon moving in only was it clear they cleaned before i came over and yeah the chore chart does n't work .
i do know you absolutely should n't live with someone if they do n't agree to one if they do n't it means they 're dirty .
a small three buttoned keychain with an lcd screen and small metal connectors on the top portion .
brown in colour with dark grey tones in areas .
in my experience people who ask for a discount right away before even seeing the place make terrible nick-picky tenants .
i was thinking usman would be an absolute monster at 185 ... although i 'm not 100 about that one
damn you vail for doing this to my memory .
but as i 've stated it 's just more fun for some people .
i 'd never overextend the way i do if i was for example playing in a competition .
i 've done enough actual camping during my service .
but hey man it 's never a real cod game unless half the population disagrees on every single topic .
if you have trouble digesting legumes eat them only in small quantities .
kidney beans do contain a toxin that can be neutralized by proper preparation
what would be the consequence of saying 40 of the non-whites are ... insert negative statement ? ''
the poster was generalizing n-va voters by assuming they are all white and all racist .
i 'm really tired of seeing this rhetoric against n-va voters really .
she looks like could make me cry just by opening her mouth
king crimson 's power as confusing as end of evangelion .
the man who passes the sentence should swing the sword '' ned stark
you are not tricking me into watching this again .
i think the whole game is basically leaked at this point ... right ?
i wonder if this is the leaker 's way of protesting against game freak and the pokemon company .
it just has something to do with fiction and stuff ?
i can almost guarentee that lol although i had said that it was later said that the government did n't allow him to enlist and said he 'd be better off acting for propaganda films those were actually words from his mouth lol and no member of the government and anyone verified from a position of power or even anyone at all had ever stepped forward and could confirm that talk/excuse was ever made and was real hah..
like all i know was that him and frank sinatra were both very well known to have been whiny crybabies about the whole affair and both had tried very hard to try and use their fame and any connections that they had to ensure that they wouldnt be drafted or would n't have to be facing any pressure to do so either and had tried very hard to make things seem as so so that the public would n't know that either person had both set up affairs to make it seem as if they were both ordered to have different duties.. both were made to seem as if they really wanted to serve but the government did n't allow it because they thought they were just__too important and i 'm being completely serious too lol .
the other actors like henry fonda had continued to give wayne shit about not enlisting after the war lol one of the jokes that i remember hearing him say was something about how there are fourteen fifteen year old teenagers that are anwsering the call yet you decided to remain playing the role of a soldier when you could have been the soldier during our nation 's darkest hour or something along those lines lol.. that was paraphrased from another historian 's paraphrasing from either five came back or the ken burns documentary they covered a lot of the hollywood stuff it was amazing to learn about .
i despise frank sinatra more out of the two because he tried really hard to avoid having to answer the call of duty.. even when all of his peers and fellow singers/entertainers were doing so he made so many public statements after the war about how he wanted to join so bad but there were so many things standing in front of his way ... . you know that 's the dodging guilt that 's talking and not him lol..
do n't get me wrong though i believe both are fantastic entertainers and both are legendary in their respective fields of show business but this was an entirely separate affair and i am judging them based off that entirely separate affair by itself lol..
what really pisses me off about all of that was how the both of them had acted after the war they had the ohh i wanted to join the fight but ‘they did n't let me !
! for decades ... . and both had pretended to have the military tough guy persona during interviews and talks about the war like when wayne was having to do press about whatever ww2/war films he was promoting they just have that stolen valor feeling all over them lol probably even more so having to see all the other hollywood actors returning after the war with all of their stories and wild experiences overseas .
i can guarentee both of them got hella jealous of not getting to join in on the proud sense of patriotism and defending your country when it needed you and getting to be apart of the whole greatest generation ever feeling and sense of accomplishment ... and both probably felt that guilt from a mile away lol
people like you need to start taking stuff less seriously xd
oh that 's okay as long as the whole class cracked up still
would you like to provide some clarification to your vague and contradictory statement ?
i really hope he preforms to his true capabilities in front of the big audience he 'll have on saturday .
same way they can believe a dude who used to fuck dudes from the gay bar and whack off with his buddies isnt actually gay .
owen 's mom was standing there crying while owen took an aids test .
same way the bears think owen 's dad spent 250k on dick at 80 years old when he has a closeted lying homosexual son why also happens to be an emotional terrorist
for the first bomb but then it hits russia then china then europe then wherever you are ... one nuke and everyone dies .
he would probably be a better player than half our side
i dont see why you should care look at every character and they all usually have something cheesy its how the game is balanced in a non stale way with so many fighters
then its not that cool if it excludes rookies .
i guess you did n't read the garbage q a 's then ?
a cg\_tophat ... ... we 'll have a road ahead soon wo n't be exactly at the beginning of november but hopefully the middle and we hope that points to some of the new things we 're working on and thinking about .
same way so many people keep using more closer in their comments .
eat loudly especially when they eat something hot and do that chewing and breathing in through their mouth thing .
all 's left is moving things a bit to get ready .
im in a tech company and we get 5-10 raises each year depending on your performance
i have a work phone and set it up with a timer so it 's dead silent outside of work hours .
my personal phone only has the email accounts and authenticator app as a backup and those have notifications permanently off .
i only check when i do n't have my work phone nearby .
no one from work has my personal number only my manager .
you have to set boundaries or you 're done .
nothing like a regular c c but still great .
if it does n't we might wan na raid intel .
especially sharon farrell oily skin type and karina mckimmie dry skin type .
they put make up on differently which is cool because then you learn different techniques
regardless of what decision you make about whether or not to tell adrian or break up with your bf ... i 'd just like to thank you for not being selfish or narcissistic .
i was just cheated on and ghosted by someone not very much older than you when things were seemingly going really well .
attraction to others happens rough patches in relationships happen people grow and change sometimes not together or in the same ways .
but again thank you for not just being another shitty cheater do n't beat yourself up too much over feeling an attraction and best of luck resolving this in a positive way for everyone involved .
i 'd say the chances are high already due to you being a mature adult and not just acting however you want during any flight of fancy .
the idea is mind boggling so we can let it slide for those who do n't quite grasp the idea .
not actually never they released a transfer update for cm3 so you had henry at arsenal but he was still a winger
the good thing is that we only want to use that data to sell you useless crap
but data is already being used for targeting election campaigns ascertaining which political profiles live where and using that data to carve out electoral victories for parties potentially backed by clandestine governments or agencies like steve bannon 's .
this data also never goes away and is accessible forever meaning that when major societal collapse comes possibly within 10-20 years following failing crop yields and global heating when we try to evenly distribute food and water to revolt against those imposing curfews and rations this data mining infrastructure will very quickly be used for targeting people and imprisoning them .
when a person genuinly thinks a lower skilled worker is of so little value .
that there rights to basic essential future protecting benifits have less value then the higher skilled .
as such the response needs to make it darned clear that any right minded person is very offended by the concept .
i did not read many of the other responses to him before my first response .
as such i responded in a polite way that tried to point out what he was actually saying .
that reducing a of income based benifit designed to support the very right for that person to retire as they get old and i 'll .
because that person has a in your view lower value then someone you are already paying a higher income .
i did so politely and very much pointing out the flaws in ops argument .
a then discovered before hand everyone else had also responded to suggest his response was both unacceptable and disgraceful .
the op then took my reasonable questions about rights to a future based on of earning and called them
anyone who can look at a cleaner as so little value they have no rights to the same rights to retire as a more skilled person .
they clearly lack the empathy to engage in a conversation on that level .
and expressing you view on there complete lack of empathy is the only way to end the conversation .
and take my word for it the second i read the word hyperbole related to pensions and the right to retire based on earned income .
i really really wanted to end the conversation with this person .
sorry i never followed your link i thought you were trying to teach him what a foreward pass is .
imo elemental affinity is not a creative choice it 's a silly and overly convoluted system it 's irritating and complicated for no apparent reason i can see or justify .
i hate that i do not feel comfortable sharding things i always have to look 2-3 times and i still second guess myself will i need this in the future ?
what if i do n't ever get another piece of crown of sorrow arms w void so i can slot x and x mod ? so i usually end up putting it in the vault which is always full because i 'm afraid to get rid of stuff .
so much for freedom and playing how i want .
please bungie just get rid of the shackles that is elemental affinity .
i was reading through the comments thinking yeah maybe i should buy this '' .
then i read your comment and my partner hates having to count in games or keep track of numbers .
she 's had some bad maths experiences in the past !
i will still try it though it might be something that i'd really like .
the whole point of the stone is to revive teammates .
maybe instead of joining random people that do n't play the same as you you play with your actual friends ?
i do n't see you having many with an attitude like yours but someone out there must put up with your shit .
would love to get your thoughts on my track as well !
i do n't think they care for the population very much .
usually a bass audition is you go through the packet they do n't have time for everything so they randomly pick ones that they want to focus on for the season .
you need to be able to play everything on every drum and you need to be able to play like an upper battery member .
most bassline members are snare/tenor players anyways so if you think you wo n't need chops think again .
they will outperform you if they have better chops which usually mean they can subdivide pretty well also .
me and my girlfriend gift eachother a citytrip to do during the year .
we do this every year for 6 years now .
this time i 'm taking her to paris and i 'm bringing a wedding ring .
well tornado was pretty useless before the update especially in 11 you want the knockback of scythe or bow .
its easier now you can master the game with all weapons .
i actually have a hat that just says queer '' on the brim for this exact purpose .
being the ceo of mcdonalds probably pays better than whatever anti-job ben has
i do n't want to degrade anyone but your post is kind of judgmental to the point of being ridiculous .
you should be able to respect that some people value individual duties over individual wants as i am able to respect that you do the opposite .
multiple monitors and especially if one is a 4k hidpi monitor is what is keeping me from using mint or any other distro as a daily driver .
either the scaling is too large or performance on intel igpu is abysmal .
here 's the perfect bloodhound buff in my opinion .
increase the ultimate 's movement speed from 30 to 40 increase the tactical 's tracking duration to 3 seconds and make the enemies blinded with a flash like a flash grenade in cs for the same amount of time as the scan .
edit i just saw another comment saying the tactical should reveal the enemy 's body shield level or if they do n't have one and also reveal the characters there which i agree with add that up onto my idea .
and being able to summon artur to scan an area and return info to bloodhound and i agree with that as well .
edit 2 i know it 's a bunch of ideas thrown together but i think the ideas i suggested along with the tactical body shield/character reveal would solidify bloodhound as a viable legend along with the other often played ones .
suns and lakers have never really been a rivalry .
it 's just one regalue season loss '' lebron steroid grandpa '' james very soon .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
wenn du dann ein paar unsichere jugendliche erwischst die nach bestätigung suchen und die geschichte die man sich teilt eins der wenigen dinge ist die einen mit anderen verbindet flüchtet man schnell in diese richtung .
yeah and i honestly dont care that much about sex tbh i just want love from someone and then sex is extra but nowadays its at a loud ass club or dumb ass tinder and it sucks how the fuck am i gon na talk to you with dubstep blasting lmao
that 's just even more proof that islam is n't true .
everyone 's saying that the appearance of mahdi is the only minor sign that did n't happen yet and i do n't think it 's gon na happen anytime soon .
unless they try fulfilling that prophecy themselves do n't want the prophet '' to look like a liar eh ?
much more people nowadays are supporting the freedom of speech and belief which kicks in islam right in the nuts .
you have been removed from the match for team killing
bible class is mandatory in catholic schools in ontario .
when i calibrated this season i got a higher mmr .
i wonder if i put aspercreme on it will it give me some numbing relief lol ?
you can find it here https mediearkiv.forsvaret.no/fotoweb/archives/5017-luftforsvaret/indekserte 20bilder1/2019/05/20190525_331skv_-9318.jpg.info c 2ffotoweb 2farchives 2f5017-luftforsvaret 2f .
it 's surely more likely they 're making the right decisions and the story we are told is lies .
why would they keep partnering with the usa if it was n't in their interests ?
yeh the tres bestias may not get along with everyone but they 're loyal to hallibel so if she joined the gotei 13 i could totally see them following her and being lieutenants .
also the thought of them training new students would be hilarious
grimmjow never struck me as wanting to join though they could maybe sell him it as letting him fight loads
i was trying to find the mount in the screenshot .
as an acting kid being confident is something you eventually become natural at .
many kids who do classes i ca n't hear at all when they are speaking they so shy so just fake it .
classes wo n't help you only people who are successful are people who can either fake or either fake it .
even tho g2 is in my opinion pretty much at the same level as skt in macro except in lane assignment and gold distribution which g2 is the best team in the world imo a lot came down to micro execution and fast decision making and every g2 member can at least match their skt counterpart at those aspects .
hell look at the games g2 won every kind of fight from flank to front to back kiting back engaging ...
g2 generally wins by macro but that was n't the case against skt .
sven noplease do n't downvote this is ironic as if the one saying it is cring r/dankmeme pepole
i read that and i instantly grew rabbit ears ... .
i could n't figure it out either i think it 's some sort of game .
must be missing some pieces so they were using dried broccoli stalks to make up for it .
i now think her new appearance fits her personality better .
how do you put a monetary value on it ?
helmets were my weakest point more precisely the reflections .
ikr i live in australia and now have legal rights to a refund .
fuck em though i 'm just gon na do a chargeback .
tag me in a reply to anyone or mention me as u/scountbot u targetperson '' anywhere if you want me to count how many times they 've said '/s ' !
in welchem maße welches mittel angewendet wird unterliegt der einschätzung des gesetzgebers .
i 'm still learning but my opinion is it totally depends on your intentions .
if you are working on some personal issues abstain .
if you are past those and now your intention is to connect deeper with your partner go for it !
i abstained because i was working on issues between my wife and i and other interested issues .
i wanted total clarity without influence it distraction so i abstained .
if my wife is uses the medicine in the future and resolved all her life issues i 'll be very excited to do it together .
the state can still provide bounties for innovation that do not permit monopoly.for example imagine if patent infringement instead of being criminal simply attracted a royalty to the patent owner .
this would also help to decouple the roles of inventor and commercializer rarely are inventors the most qualified to commercialize their invention and rarely are the most qualified to commercialize inventions the best able to produce them .
imagine how much innovation would be spurred by the knowledge that you can simply fart a patent into the void fire-and-forget style and if it is sufficiently useful you will receive royalties when industry incorporates it into their products or processes .
you 're still avoiding to talk about the subject at hand .
you have less than 12 months of experience in cold approach pickup and try to act like a big fish .
but please go ahead and make another comment where you attempt to save face while avoiding to talk about your experience or the results you 're getting .
i do it because it 's fun i fail to se why people ca n't comprehend that .
what you do in a video game that is n't real has no reflection on the quality of your character
the proton cli is working well although i use aliases to shorten the commands but a gui would surely be useful .
my balenciagas are probably my most comfortable shoe i own i love that you can dress them down and up depending .
i would just like to say how beautiful you are .
what would i do to you first i would eat you out till you came in my mouth then i would lick you clean you and then i put my huge cock inside your hot pussy
i voted to trial moving meme monday but i wo n't downvote this thread because even if it 's a bit premature we 've not even got through meme day yet it has provoked some good discussion .
with setup mentioned above cat druid is able to outrun anyone as far as i 've experienced .
monk has 2 leaps dh 2 rushes warrior 1 leap while you can keep on running for 30 sec non-stop using all you 've got
sjekk din lokale høgskole universitet om de har en spillklubb det er ofte slik at alle slike ting warhammer d d brettspill magic pokémon er å finne der .
i do n't know this guy but i remember watching a video about a guy that died by a gun and the gun was attached to a balloon or something ?
sorry i do n't live in america anymore so i do n't know if it is n't please tell me what it is .
like is your name on it and not his ?
if you can change your locks before nex tries to come back it will make it clear without you having to break no contact .
or at the very least if you want to break no contact to state that he 's not welcome anymore do so after your locks are changed .
if i told my nex that he would be over that day trying to start a fight and barge in my home that 's why the locks being changed before hand is good .
bonus if you get a security camera and have it hidden some my nex was violent and out of spite would try to break the door or damage other things .
best thing that happened to me was moving so my nex ca n't surprise visit but i 'm a apartment dweller so it 's easier .
i love my new ring camera though never needed it as i got it after the fact but the peace of mind pays for itself .
with the lighting and stuff it 's kinda hard to tell that it 's purple imo
i dont trust any vpn who seems to spend more on advertising than on r d .
if i see a lot of ads then i assume the product is trash .
if memory serves that was the one track where i got the footage first .
i may have gone a tad overboard with syncing the music to it .
i did not a/b tested the q150s and the ls50s but i can agree that the q150s really sounds good
and you also beat the clippers who are the favourites to win it all
if you 're talking about wakefield he still stands by the study it was retracted by the publishing journal the lancet .
it turns out he was working on his own vaccine and wanted to discredit the existing one his procedures were sloppy and amounted to child abuse .
he lost his medical license in the uk so he moved to the us where he still ca n't get a license .
however he 's seen as a martyr among anti-vaxxers and he lives off the money he bilks from them .
he also refuses to take any responsibility for his actions .
if i focus on the things i 'm grateful for and the things i am looking forward to i find myself much happier .
hi i 'm johnny knoxville and welcome to jackass ...
i think you 'll find that 90 of people who celebrate guy fawkes are completely oblivious to any catholic connection
i 've only been in the netherlands for a year and have only been living in dutch working talking with friends talking to my partner for about 4 months and i can already see dutch slipping into my english .
i think switching between languages is a learned skill .
sometimes it takes me hours to get into the dutch headspace if i 've been speaking english to much .
now i 'm picturing a giant carrying a huge slab of steel as a shield while human troops take cover behind him .
the way to know if a fine is hurting a company look at the share price .
the share price for at t went up because the fine was not as big as expected .
we need a new methodology for fines like start at the top and take the ceos full salary for a year.. 20m done the cfo..5m done and so on till you recover the 60m fine .
will it hurt a few people in top mgt ?
but at least it will be actual traceable impact .
trump won '' in 2016 because russia hacked the electoral systems in all 50 states and millions of votes were n't counted .
there was no statistical chance for trump to win in 2016
a 7 chance is like winning the lottery while riding on the back of a great white shark of happening
it has never happened to me but i would definitely opt out of a situation if the sex was n't at least a bit good even after some time of getting to know each other .
even if i were madly in love with them .
i did n't even notice the add banner dunno if it is affected by adblock .
i 'm 36 just getting turned on to fire but a dave ramsey disciple for 15 years and if i was in your shoes now i would reconsider the car .
you probably are n't driving much and it 's a really cash drain when you are n't making money yet .
can you bike to and from school or get rides/bus/uber ?
there are a lot of expenses that come with car ownership like property taxes tires and major repairs that can kill your progress .
your 20s is a formidable time which gives you the flexibility to do extreme things to get good financial footing like house hacking working 3 jobs living on very little expenses etc so take advantage of that .
and avoid friends that alway want to blow money all the time they will be working their whole lives and that 's not what you want .
in the short term you should look into house hacking and set about getting a down payment asap once gainfully employed .
if this means living with parents for an extra year or two do it you 'll be glad you did .
if you hate being there and are dying for freedom get 3 jobs and work all the time then you 'll never have to worry about it !
ie is currently the staple first item for jhin .
why would it now suddenly be stronger later in the game when its always been his best 1 item spike except lethality .
this is not gon na change ie is still gon na be the staple first
the guy with the most has over 80.000 on lifeline
will meed help with dancer soon if you 're up for it ...
along with about any nut and some chili powder .
if you want international tracking you need to use a private company like ups/fedex .
typically postal services do n't update when the package enters another country .
if you send a package from the korean post office via ems express mail service http www.koreapost.go.kr/eng/subindex/4418.do you get reliable tracking and in some most ?
cases it 's cheaper than private delivery services like ups and fedex .
and since there are post offices everywhere in korea it 's generally more convenient unless you just happen to live close by a ups or fedex office .
i turned off the main water supply when i first found the leak .
this is my first time trying to figure out the ins and outs of a water heater .
our plumber just located our isolation valve so we could have water just not hot water .
i just forgot to ask if it 's ok to turn the main water supply back on .
agreed i 've won 80 drafts and made around 3,5m
your post has been removed for the following reason s
your post here has been reported as a potential troll or falsified post .
if after doing so you believe this was in error or you 've edited your post to comply with the rules message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2flegaladvice .
do not reach out to a moderator personally and do not reply to this message as a comment .
ask her if war crimes are easy to dismiss as a simple political difference if he 's just a goofy friend .
juggling weird shit on fire is the illest thing i saw all day .
look at me applying newtonian physics to time manipulation and near-light speed momentum lol .
then again hopefully there is some happy middle ground window that allows for good lift without cracking the pavement .
i wanted to say it should be part of opioid pain relief but you know not a doctor and all that .
does it include the attempted cover up of church leaders ?
if not then its dishonest and still lies through omission .
the action of church leaders a century ago has no bearing on the substance of the accounts none .
the fact that this has become your premier complaint illustrates the vacuity of your criticism of the four accounts and in my view is a losing argument .
as someone who was approved believe me when i say screenshots are fine .
no charge got nerfed to 4 shots each uses 3 bullets still op tho
no even with outrage he would be at spot 12 in dragon rankings behind black kyurem white kyurem rayquaza palkia salamence garchomp zekrom dialga reshiram dragonite haxorus .
with his current moveset he 's 15 with latios kyurem and latias in front of him too .
everything close to each other on the galvanic corrosion scale is fine .
what you have is probably a bit of plasticizer depending on what tubing you have and definitely growth .
that is why i always go with a premixed fluid .
i never saw any growth issues with premixed fluids anywhere .
it 's very versatile and useful in a survival situation but it 's also much easier to obtain so most everyone is likely to have one in a fight the others are more scarce with the next most common being the bat and that 's still a lot better in combat
lmao cant fault him for not cutting off his arms
if the 2060 super 's price is less than a 100 more than the 2060 then get that instead .
trust me on this one get the 2060 super instead .
do n't make the same mistake i made that i regret to this day .
i bought a gigabyte 2060 gaming oc pro for €390 but later when i already bought the parts i looked at the 2060 super and with the exact same cooler the price difference was only €60 .
just walk around tokyo until you see someone doing the naruto run .
his ugly game was almost entirely due to rain though which you can mostly factor into decision making .
then kudos for admitting your mistake and coming out clean .
i 'll admit i 've been kinda harsh too .
i believe it happened during the kernel update and it was clearing out the old kernel downloads and filled up .
i noticed after running the command everything was normal and additional kernels were deleted .
could you please post that here if you still have it ?
they ‘have a policy to be able to use a taser even when the person is restrained ' ?
i think of the aliens as the 'farmers ' while we 're they 're 'cattle ' .
i do n't necessarily mean to attribute ownership of us to the aliens which is an odd way of putting it but they could own us and they could have genetically created us or at the very least altered us .
but perhaps they do not own us at all but per chance stumbled upon us and are now abducting specimens for scientific cataloguing and perhaps genetic manipulation .
also it is apt through horrifying to call them 'farmers ' for the label automatically demotes humans in the most horrifying way with especial illuminative self-reflexive reference to how our farmers treat our the earth 's animals .
it is a certain form of cosmic karma that aliens might be maltreating humans for their own ends just as farmers engage in breeding and husbandry of animals for morally blind gluttonous gastronomic satiation .
further arguably even more horrifyingly we could label the aliens the 'scientists ' as the new prometheus alien covenant films call them engineers but in this case if we once again with reference to our kin/brethren here on earth and their practices as 'scientists ' take our cue from our morally righteous selves then we can look forward to at least some of us being strapped down and injected with foreign substances in experiments just as we do to lab rats mice monkeys as was recently made public regarding some german lab experiments etc .
whether farmers or scientists the aliens are looking like bad news for us and the demotion of the leaders ' humorously so called is kind of the least of the worries of our species kind of like worrying about getting one 's clothes dirty on the way to the gas chambers .
but i must confess it fills me with a perverse kind of delight a schadenfreude that our species might be reaping what horror we have sown for our poor flesh kindred here on earth .
that we eat torture beat carve kill brutalise farm breed cage earth 's animals then perhaps it is only fitting that the same be done to us .
fuck us to the extent that we farm and eat animals .
fuck us to the extent that we thought we were top dog but found out we were on the lower rungs of the cosmic hierarchy .
it strikes me that a radically odd form of prospective liberationist potential exists for the masses for the poor for the hopeless in the alien problem/question/promise curse ?
for they the downtrodden have nothing to lose in cooperating against the elites of our species with the aliens but their chains and enslavement to those smug denialist climate change deflectionist china 's fault war-mongering saddam had wmd 's phoney democracy-fig-leaf promoting sham/scam elite .
the authorities know this they know a fifth column could exist on earth and it would not be just a genetically modified externally inserted chimera form of us imbued with an avatar-like infiltration of the indigenous population but the indigenous homo sapiens population itself willingly and for the sake of justice would forge a political revolution and undermine our very species in cooperation with the aliens specifically in seeking justice for the dehumanising brutalising destruction the master-slave hierarchies/socio-economic structures of our planet wreak upon the masses and animals and planet itself .
the left-wing might ally not only with the refugees and outcasts minorities of all descriptions but perhaps with the engineers the farmers the others with the emancipatory glee the monkeys flung open the cages in planet of the apes to taste freedom again .
it is an especially apt question the most interesting aspect being how do we situate our taxonomic schemata with respect to the aliens .
peace friend for we 're all fucked sideways but only some of us know it .
if darwin had seen in life what dostoevsky saw he would not have talked of the law of the preservation of species but of its destruction.
― lev shestov in job 's balances on the sources of the eternal truths
i used to suspect it was my retina picking up hints of ultraviolet that i never noticed before but i was never sure
ah i must have missed the notice that hunting cthulhu is in season .
👏👏 amen👏👏 finally someone with a thought of their own ... ... no man is an island🤣
i 'm sorry is this some sort of middle eastern joke that i 'm too finnish to understand ?
any defender can look shaky if constantly exposed that 's why the constant windmill of blame by the fans is pointless any player will look bad if the tactics are n't right .
defenders can be exposed strikers can be starved midfielders can be crowded out .
a phone call usually needs to be made i do n't think it 's that unusual .
it 's just a conversation and you do n't have to speak exceptionally loud or anything .
they 've done this to a degree in battlefield 4 's second assault expansion .
i distinctly remember being able to torch the grass in the garden areas of operation metro 2014 .
tungsten look an awful lot like a famous amateur porn star from the 90 's ...
ss james white renowned christian apologist during an apologetics conference in australia openly acknowledges that planned parenthood are the worship cult of moloch and says they 're protected by the government they fund .
very interesting take on the social justice movement as well .
do we have document effects of skooma to argonians ?
they seem to be highly regenerative people with intimate relations to narcotics
i sorta know the feels man my 800 hardtail marin was stolen .
of course that compares nowhere near the quality of the bike you had. but they cut the bike lock and my heart i had saved up for a whole summer just to buy that bike .
but hey tragedies lead to new beginnings i bought my first fs bike a 2020 specialized stump jumper !
disable it and you wo n't get the weekly horde .
edit just saw that someone already answered this below .
is bilal powell worth an add with bell hurt ?
your money your stuff so do what ever you want but personally i think its a terrible idea all stars souvenir are special plus the all star stickers are nice and you would be ruining a very nice souvenir to apply a sticker of the same player that is already on the skin .
you are better of using the extra money to get a perfectly position all stars with the shroud about mag hell i bet you can even upgrade to a mw with that money .
so is a 1070 blower card used for 150 a good deal now that this has been out ?
even big races we lost came closer than they have in years .
the gop is barely holding onto strongholds and even then sometimes failing .
well then i agree with leo and the 1950 's aesthetic .
for me they just start looking beat up real quickly '' is the same thing as they are not durable . ''
relics are a trend i hoped would go out of style the day they came into fashion .
i want my guitar to look like it 's been through 1000 gigs but i do n't actually want to play 1000 gigs . ''
any language except for japanese can be played together .
the japanese cards have some alterations that change the function of the card .
zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom zoom .
will ea get these politics out of my gaming ?
and it seems he would have moved his po anyway so it was back what it used to be before dst .
if true no one is going to have an answer for you .
a real grown ass man would either a not notice or b pretend you did n't think what you just said .
if you feel that strongly about her you should go to australia and visit her .
thats how it works if you go by whats written on the cards .
not really related to your case just wanted to share that both these cards are nuts in a high powered cube .
i once had sbd with backup plan time vault two keys and i think multiple artifact tutors .
the thing was even though his deck was clearly broken due to this i had a deck with sovereigns realm and it was just chock full of the best cards i could find so thoughtseize hymn to tourach real good counters like fow and spell pierce and arcane savant saheeli 's expertise as wincon .
it was kind of crazy playing that kind of magic .
that 's all possible but the prongs are blunt whereas the other edged tools are carefully drawn as sharp .
i 'm not positive it was used for eggs at all the loua/lova '' does n't have an apostrophe l'ova while the apostrophe is used everywhere else .
maybe it was a dainty way of serving hardboiled eggs/olives at the table ?
you were supposed to destroy the 725 not join them !
i 'm not sure maybe you 're right but he said he was ultimately worried about my salvation and did n't like the haram shit i did as he pointed out all the time .
i 'm not saying the religious differences were what made us break up but i think it had a part along with societal expectations he thought he needed to conform to .
i 'm willing to rp with you as long as its plot-based with an original character or you can just make up one .
thatcher had much more support from the powers that be .
the financiers and investors in the media loved her and her work .
they funnelled a lot of positive attention into her decrepit ideology and it led us here .
where the ordinary man from clapham is not one bit better off than in the early 80s .
corbyn is facing an uphill battle even against his so-called party members .
who are terrified of being attacked and will turn on him in an instant .
i 'm not a commie whatsoever but i have no fear of a corbyn government .
whatever harm he can do to me among all the benefits that a dem sox government would bring to me and my society can be easily and quickly undone at a moment 's notice .
like do n't get me wrong a lot of pacers were salty in the game thread for good reason but somehow the hornets fans were worse and completely delusional .
i definitely feel like if we had a game go our way like that we would at worst at least say we definitely got a lot of 50-50s or something .
hornets fans were arguing somehow and kept bring up miles getting elbowed like that one play was he only wrong call in the game
i 'm 32 and just saw less than jake last month .
luigi 's mansion 3 is so fucking good and refreshing .
there 's a ton of video games that are just cool or artistic or beautiful or challenging but i feel like nintendo is the only aaa publisher still focusing on fun .
lm3 is just pure fun with no bells and whistles .
it 's a nice break from the constant seriousness of the other games i 've played lately .
highly recommend if you just want to have some fun and smile a bit
you can go to a shoppers and get a gift credit card for cash .
works like a real card just needs to be registered !
when the latest ver of your bios is 1.0.0.3 abb ...
ruined so many relationships due to drug use but things are getting better and i 'm clawing my sanity back
i see good things in our future or prehaps it 's dumb optimistic lies i wan na believe either way i have hope
the most i have waited is 5 days for a 4k render .
'' the scientists on the target committee also preferred kyoto because it was home to many universities and they thought the people there would be able to understand that an atomic bomb was not just another weapon that it was almost a turning point in human history ''
they would reflect back an see that the instrument of their death certainly was nothing to sneeze at
my abs of wagon is forced off the playing field .
this turn i play ... ok boomer '' in defense mode and play one card face down to end my turn
i need give me the h e n t a i
english 101 and maybe how to phrase a question 102 ''
something like that is going to serve you very well .
on of the inherit quirks of the e46 chassis is that awd was an after thought that came midway through the vehicle life cycle and most of the aftermarket companies had already done all of the r d on the rwd chassis could n't justify doing it all again for the awd chassis since there were many differences between the rwd and awd setups .
once you start to get lower than 1.5 inches in front you 'll start to run into issues with front axle geometry .
for the tl dr set coilover for awd e46 do n't exist for a reason .
get lowering springs and sport shocks and if it is n't low enough sell the car and get the rwd variant .
u/stannybananny your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please check the sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly .
the tag should be located at the start of the title and there should be a space after the tag .
you can retry this post right away rule 6 does not apply to posts removed by automoderator 1
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/borrow if you have any questions or concerns .
to help make the experience more effective for everyone we do have some resources and rules for you to keep in mind .
• do you need to understand terms or acronyms ?
check out our links https www.reddit.com/r/narcissisticabuse/wiki/resources and book recommendations .
• looking to contact the moderators of the sub ?
we ca n't respond to individual posts all the time so please post your issues to the community rather than the mods if it 's not about a rule breaking issue or sub issue .
you can message the mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnarcissisticabuse subject message .
please review the rules to ensure your post meets the standards of the sub .
no crossposting or direct linking to other subs or posts .
if you are a narc or abuser you will be banned .
we want you to have a good experience and get the most out of the community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/narcissisticabuse if you have any questions or concerns .
getting a human being to adult age and training them is expensive .
mass executions may make you seem tough but they are a huge waste
for cheese that can be used for halal and kosher or ovo-lactic vegetarian .
to be fair i probably spend upwards of 10 hours each day on my computer .
granted most of that is for coursework and essays hist major but i do spend a chunk of that on league .
as long as i get an hour and a half of exercise every day i feel like i can sorta justify being plugged in for so long .
it 's really hard to limit my screen time when i need to use my computer to study and do assignments though .
the polarization you 're seeing is in large part a fight between people who have been hurt deeply by those policies and people who have benefitted greatly from them .
without some kind of accommodation for the group that has been left out it 's unlikely to be resolved any time soon .
politics isnt a winner takes all game because a lot of the time society 's winners are drastically outnumbered by the losers '' and the losers '' still have a vote .
in dire circumstances they tend to have a lot more guns as well .
the observation i 'd make here is that many of the policies proposed by parties that supposedly represent the losers '' of globalization would do little to nothing to help them arguably even worsen their situation and what these parties actually sell and thrive on is redirecting the fear and uncertainty as anger against an elite/the foreigners/etc .
dude wants to make sure that him and the coaches are set up for success and rutgers is like what ?
i agree furthermore it would n't make any sense for paradis to team up with marley .
nta just because she dedicated hers to you and by the sound of it rightly so it does n't mean that you automatically have to do it for her .
hell she does n't even really support what you 're doing .
dedicating it to your son makes sooo much more sense and she would be ta if she gets mad at you for that .
i typically identity as pan within the community and bi outside of it .
i 'm comfortable with either label because i only see slight semantic differences between the two .
he is pedantic and sees the semantics as important enough to make a difference .
i know pikachu is done to death but a fossil ancestor with electric/rock typing rare if not totally unique would 've been an awesome twist instead of just rehashing each gen 's electric rodent .
yeah i restarted again without the ultrawide fix and it worked .
have your run into any other scenes it breaks ?
you fix it just like you would when anything else breaks .
your comment has been removed for not properly wishing peace upon newcool1230 at the end of your comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/darkjokes if you have any questions or concerns .
he has a book but i guess it is just a collection of memes .
it was a good discovery seeing people who follow and interact his content .
i mean its okay if you follow him for the humor but setting up weird behaviors to them .
there is a better way and that exploiting people to get attention wont work .
this is an excellent post full of useful info and very well written .
i 'm curious on your perspective on overthinking during meditation as counterpoint to a structured approach .
it 's the reason i found tmi not a good match for me in the end .
i am a perfectionist and ended up being more busy with all the rules and details of tmi .
i find that i get more benefit from a more relaxed metta .
if the issue persists i 'd look at a new key fob .
if it still persists you should go to the dealer .
you could have an issue with the sensor in the dash .
but hopefully it 's fixed with a new battery .
one thing however is its easier to take out a corporation than it is to take out a government if the either goes rouge .
a corporation is a smaller entity than a government .
their job is to babysit and be cash cows for the union .
if a union employee was good at their job you could hire less of them which is exactly the opposite of what the union wants .
they want as many worthless bums soaking up as much taxpayer money as possible .
i fumbled a couple calls at first before getting into it .
i think thats why they 're being so careful .
so meet has built a whole live stream platform kind of like twitch for gamers .
you can tip '' people and subscribe to channels .
its a bold concept that has gotten a lot of bad press not all undeserved .
i think this is pushing too far but in a way it does validate the idea and the audience for match .
not all dating apps need to appeal to all people so if video becomes big in tinder there could still be hinge for the introverts just an example
you do know you do n't need to use a turn signal when the road bends right ?
i do n't know if he stopped but even if he did n't these allegations were known to law enforcement before abc interviewed her .
they would n't have arrested epstein or prince andrew just because she went on tv and repeated them and if she had additional or new evidence why did n't she take it to the police ?
besides the red/blue he has a few other common deficiencies but i 'm not 100 sure on which ones or to what extent .
lol i 've also had 1 or 2 sunbelt runs cut short by the ragin cagins hurry up nonsense
i reckon there are a bunch of modells around the city .
otherwise westside in sunnyside or the rink pro shop at chelsea piers .
what is this madness on a stardew valley subreddit !
i do n't know i 've been doing it for a long period of time .
what i am saying is that the decline of the western roman empire started much earlier than when it officially fell while the east started to move gradually away from it much earlier .
the split was just the logical conclusion of that by the time the western half fell the east was already a distinct entity with their own culture .
the west was in decline while the east started doing things their own way and later started to thrive in their own right .
during this process they became culturally linguistically and legally distinct
new classifications specify that you have an abnormally small penis .
bernie is polling first or second in all the early states .
honestly naut 's mid waveclear is n't that bad not too good but not terrible either compared to many laners especially if you builds ap like dark magician doinb
ever consider the catholics get shit on all the time because jews own tv and media ?
as a newcastle fan i think he 's pretty safe for the time being .
he 's been one of our stand out players in recent matches and really adds something to our team offensively .
i could see ritchie more likely replacing one of yedlin almiron or hayden before willems .
same here we 're just going to have to wait for a patch .
even his powers ca n't do anything ... . here .
or how about people use what they want and play how they want when its within the rules and stop blaming your failures on gear .
learn to lose its a great skill in life .
right but walmart is n't taking a loss with its low pricing .
its low pricing comes from changing its sourcing from the us to china .
disney on the other hand has n't done anything that could arguably lower its production costs .
hell the mouse has admitted to the shareholders that they are going to lose money on disney at least initially which is major evidence that they are pricing the service below cost in order to kill their competitors because why else would you do that ?
your submission appears to be a repost https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules wiki_3._no_reposts .
or a meme https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules wiki_what_is_a_meme.3f – a violation of rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules wiki_3._no_reposts .
or rule 2 https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules wiki_what_is_a_meme.3f respectively – and has therefore been removed .
if you feel this removal was done in error you may contact the subreddit 's moderators for manual appraisal .
i normally add cayenne chili flakes and/or hot sauce to make it spicy ... but if it 's for a group you might want to leave it out .
cook the bacon first so you can cook the cabbage and onion in the bacon grease .
you could also make mashed sweet potatoes with coconut sugar or maple syrup cinnamon and coconut oil .
both of these dishes are pretty easy to scale up for a group of people .
plus they are not obviously '' paleo so you will have no problem with people complaining about eating special food '' .
also ok boomer is a lame meme and u suck for using it so shut up .
bombarda never really works for me my go to defensive is the weather spell .
the line is left to right so they 're definately still cutting in line .
nj drivers are desperate for a 'win ' anywhere they can get it .
i was a total geek my dad was/is naturally athletic and did weightlifting as a serious hobby .
i moved in with him when i was about twelve years old and i was just truly getting to know him after many years of him being dad my friend '' more than dad my parent '' .
funnily enough i developed a small interest in sports around that age and i told my dad i wanted to start engaging with the teams at school .
he told me i would never make it and he was right i never made it because i believed him and i never tried out because i was twelve years old .
i dejectedly took his advice to heart and later when i grew up to have a body shape almost perfectly suited for athletics and weightlifting i resented him for not encouraging my interest .
my father made fun of me for being nerdy my entire childhood he literally mocked me to my face .
i liked sports and then he ruined it for me .
he destroyed the fragile self-confidence i had as a child .
my point is if i were you i would simply do whatever i could to kindly and happily encourage his interests as long as they 're good ones .
tell him to go for it and practice and do his best .
if he fails at least he wo n't blame you for it .
all you have to do is be in his corner and support or build up his self-confidence and can-do attitude .
ok see what you 're doing is using exactly one example as some sort of proof that money is the only factor .
you 're also assuming every biased reporter is just after money which is a laughable assertion that you have no evidence to support .
biased media reporting is basically all that is available on any major cable or network news network and largely in print media as well .
there are any number of examples of things being ignored even if not completely buried to help democrats and on the side of fox to help republicans .
this applies to coverage of trump controversies from both angles to coverage of clinton 's email issues to the clinton foundation to trumps businesses and other issues farther back for decades .
it is so common that it 's actually hard for me to imagine that it is n't apparent to someone .
keep talking about money as if that makes it better if that 's the only reason it obviously is n't .
you are trying to speak for hundreds of people at these organizations making a claim that they all together decided it was more profitable to lean on way or the other .
i 'm not going to keep acknowledging that money factors in i have never refuted that at all in any way .
you 're refuting that their are other factors which is just plain silly .
it 's honestly just the model like the effects and trails and sfx are good but i wish we got another model ... looks something out of a power ranger movie
is it salted or unsalted butter and half cup of melted butter or room temp butter sticks ?
that 's a good start for a remake of got 's end .
and s9 can start off where season 6 left off ... . oh with better and more competent writers that actually cares about the characters and storylines .
we have tried that and it did n't help .
she will even puke when shes sitting upright in a chair .
edit adding a quick mention that i had beaten the full story and all bonus objectives prior to experiencing any of the following .
you also need to go with klondike as an ally on a free mission in order to recruit him .
also i beat red dog in lunar mission investigation or whichever map he has a 7.5 chance to show up in and he did not join me .
i later beat him in the other mission where he has a listed 30 chance to show and he joined me after i beat him there .
insert ascii shrug here but i suck at ascii art
do your best to repent and make it up to whoever you wronged .
if the person you wronged is dead then try to make it up to the world by doing good deeds
there is literally no difference between here and instagram other than the people here thinking we are still better than insta
it was 5 home games against 4 sec teams plus tcu for 350 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tipofmyjoystick if you have any questions or concerns .
if you maintain it it 'll be great if you neglected it wo n't .
heck in many ways they are much easier to maintain because of the low slope roof and easy access crawl space .
there are a lot of stigmas with manufactured homes .
people see shitty singlewides in parks that have been neglected and assume they 're all that way .
manufactured home on land is a completely different animal .
they can be low end of market or high-end .
well it 's as much of a crap shoot as meeting anyone but on the whole i 'd say yeah that should n't be a problem .
only bad teams they played are the bulls and the grizz
xera offers traders and investors detailed reporting multiple order types and price alert system with your real-time profit and loss updates .
he accomplished so much even well into his 30 's .
yes i am aware of that and i 'm just going to put the rare monsters i have inside then deduce how many diamonds are required and then buy the diamonds i need to power the monster .
i 'm using him as cam too and he is really good
i appreciate these wacky golf bounces for better or worse .
recent round my friend was hitting from the rough like 180 out with a palm tree a little in front of him so he went for it .
proceeds to hit the tree into the roof of a house and back to the fairway .
009 hover to view match id 5101317057 db http www.dotabuff.com/matches/5101317057 od https www.opendota.com/matches/5101317057 stratz https stratz.com/match/5101317057
source http github.com/nntin/reply-dota-2-reddit on github message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=lumbdi the owner on discord https discord.gg/dkg79tc deletion link https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=reply-dota-2-reddit subject=deletion message=t1_f6oatw3 only works for bot summoner and r/dota2 mods !
this reminds me of the boomer zombies from the evil within .
so many holes in his story and situation in general .
it honestly depends on the item and how many are ordered i ordered the memories of bts 2018 which i 'm guessing is similar in weight and that was 20 dollars excluding the domestic shipping payment .
but again it depends on the weight and how large the batch they 're shipping is .
it 's the post that gets a bunch of people focusing on him not wearing gloves .
now we need the people who come in and tell everyone how they clearly do n't know anything about catering for big groups and the you 'd hate to know what happens in the kitchen of the restaurant you frequent comments .
thank you for your post or comment but unfortunately it was removed as it was off-topic or otherwise does not meet the rules and guidelines for posting to r/dogfree .
please refer to the sub faqs for additional information https www.reddit.com/r/dogfree/comments/bnuc4n/welcome_to_our_community_please_read_our_faqs
it was definitely an embarassing loss but with osu at 1 the comitee clearly thinks that was a pretty good win for them which is what makes 20 seem a spot or two too low
that 's literally the first argument any american makes when i claim that rifles can not defeat a first world government .
that fruit is hanging low enough for a child to reach it .
clearly i have not been convinced by the argument that a revolution against a dreadfully distracted and multi-tasking england with the assistance of multiple interested countries over 200 years ago has any semblance of a relationship with a modern-day civil war against a modern-day government using modern-day rifles against modern-day military armaments .
gee whiz i wonder why i have n't been convinced by that argument since high school .
you dont know the first thing of rape if you genuinely believe you wont suffer mentally from it especially if it happened every day .
no google i do n't need a router anymore you processed the damn transaction .
a friend of my got a title nine for inappropriate conversation . ''
basically made a sexual joke that everyone laughed at and a person who heard about the conversation filed it not even one that was there .
everyone enjoyed it except for the person who heard it second hand .
i would n't get a message since i have messages turned off to non-friends .
it 's like you work at the wharf doing handsome caricatures '' and bob was forced by the kids to get one done of himself .
see that 's kind of what i 'm hoping for honestly !
edit reading and income do n't go hand in hand .
some rich people do n't read anything but tweets .
some poor people do nothing but read any type of advanced topic .
what sort of idiot looks at the sun with binoculars ?
for the night sky they are perfect to get into astronomy ...
it does not take much to open up the sky beyond what our naked eyes show us
how awesome to know at 14 who you are .
everyone around you is still trying to figure themselves out and youve got that checked off your list .
you are way ahead of the game and the others are hating on you for that .
well you do you boo and hold your head up high .
middle school and high school will soon be over and from there everything is just better .
do the best you can study and get the best grades so you can go on to have your best life .
getting hornones sorted out is best before hitting the dating pool .
get to know yourself enjoy going out and have a fun time .
switching timelines and confusing the audience was literally the franchise 's gimmick
please note that a response does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship .
this subreddit is for informal second opinions and casual information .
the mod team does their best to remove bad information but we do not catch all of it .
always visit a doctor in real life if you have any concerns about your health .
never use this subreddit as your first and final source of information regarding your question .
by posting you are agreeing to our terms of use https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/wiki/terms_of_use and understand that all information is taken at your own risk .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
over population of tylenol pussy in the trailer hood can be hard on the census bureau
salah aguero and mane up top is pretty lethal in my opinion .
sure she 's really pretty now but when she 's in her 50 's and 60 's it 's gon na look terrible
i love aliens i named my dog ripley '' lol .
that 's nice it must have felt weird holding it after the experience you have mentioned in the comments
the go-to response when trying to say something of substance makes your eyes fog over .
holy shit that was fucking amazing that 's allowed i did n't know that was allowed
i had a tough time getting it running on my ab350m and 3700x .
turns out i had to update my amd chipset drivers .
your personal favorite is the default middle school insult ?
i 've been considering getting one for my mk23 .
this just makes me want to save my brain in a jar after death even more .
ali 's outfit reminds me of the damn civil war re-enactments i had to do as a kid for my aunt and her wedding ugh
dems have a chance to win 20 of 25 seats
100 reporting and jessica mccormick leads district 15 by 46 votes
why are all your double f 's in bold ?
lol i 'm a teacher in texas and this sounds exactly like us !
our state just made a law that every history class has to spend a week going over the holocaust in class .
now that sounds great when you first think of it but think about my 8th grade us history part 1 class that goes from 1500-1888 and talks about you guessed it the united states ! .
i literally have no idea what they expect me to do to add it into the narrative of the class .
and skipping ahead 40 years in europe there was the most famous ethnic cleansing of the 20th century .
lip balm is fine chocolate flavored lip balm is great
i do n't think it necessarily gave me an eating disorder but it was definitely something that made me even more obsessive around food .
when i first started into my eating disorder i did n't count calories but i was super conscious of them .
i did n't even download or start weighing my food until i was like 1-2 years into my ed .
i do think it can cause you to become very rigid around food and can trigger an ed .
being that rigid about calories and what 's going into your body is definitely going to cause ed behaviors to pop up in someone who 's already predisposed to having the illness .
i 'm a year into recovery and i 've gotten out of the calorie counting cycle .
i do still weigh my food to make sure i 'm getting enough but i 'm slowing trying to let that go because it 's a huge control piece of my ed
other than that no other theme seems to work .
if you think there is n't a planet of corrupt fucks ready to take down each other you 're mistaken .
to rise to the top of the cesspool ... .all i 'm saying is to underestimate the faceless men '' behind trump would be dangerous .
you do realise trumps the klaxon drawing attention while all sorts of shit is being done under the radar right ?
medicare for all is not the same as medicare for all .
where in the current bill are you getting your information ?
i 'm only asking because many people seem to not even know there is a bill and not recognizing the pundit they follow has not read it .
asoon as the other 2 goons showed up he went hulk on the window lmfao like if i 'm pulling up and have hardly any info and my co worker is pulling some dudes window off in probably throwing him to the ground and being like wtf are you doing you want to loose your fucking job
but we humans are complex and losing weight is not only a physical process but also a psychological one .
and we have to be aware of the dangers so that 's why we share our experience here .
she thought i knew all what stitches are called .
idk why but you of having alot of smiley photos is hot as shit so you already got a 7/10 for personality 9 if you were n't a stranger and you got 7/10 on looks .
i lived in the us till i was 11 and then we moved to italy where i lived till i was 18 .
going back the us felt like living in a movie because my memories of the us were dim and i mostly knew about the us from watching america movies .
i said it over and over just like the movies !
about wal-mart about traffic cones about huge gallon milk jugs about vehicles about wendy 's about thrift stores about houses about ice about people in flip-flops and shorts in december about people in pajamas at the supermarket about ac— it all felt like a movie .
if you 're a human you 're evil trash so do n't worry what generation you are from
it 's for their safety as much as anything else .
there 's plenty of foxes and feral cats out there i do n't need to contribute to the destruction .
he has a weird voice but his tone is right .
i thought seasons 11 and 12 are better than people remember but season 12 was a big change .
of the regulars 7 have been there less than 3 years plus with derek gone and literally all of the core couple except for ben and bailey jo and jackson are no longer together so it feels very different but it has some amazing episodes and acting .
season 12 could have been a fairly decent ending point .
i disagree be it as it is the war on drugs began officially from the reagan era and propagated to entirely new levels by cia fundings of foreign exmilitary personnel for anticartel operations they took the millions and became the zetas and further fueled violence and competition .
it 's a far more complex situation and i called it years earlier that in the end they will need to bring the black market drugs into regulated markets with actual rehabilitation programs let 's not mention any statistics of their prison system to combat ruthless terrorist multibillion dollar cartels in favela shoutout mw2 environments will be difficult .
i dont know what will be done after the legalization and regulation .
edit a new sentence a wording correction and a comma
edit 2 to everyone saying nixon he was most notable for the enactment of the rico bill in 1970 to convict mafia dons ' and commision members nevertheless they did n't have a significant on the drug and the war on drugs would eventually occur in the coming decade after he resigned from presidency and we saw more structured and very profitable gang operations with rising drug related incidents in the late 70s and early 80s
3 choosing a slightly ridiculous way to wear your clothes is not the same as being obtuse and refusing to listen
because they 'd rather watch the proverbial trainwreck rather than try to prevent it from even happening .
note i am wheelchair enabled and people would rather watch me struggle than step in and help or they go to far and just take over control of my chair when i do n't need it cuz they 're doing their god instructed christian duty to help this poor afflicted soul '' direct quote from more than one person and people stare at me struggling to get the person the hell away from me .
do i understand correctly that it only became debilitating after surgery ?
and is it normal that it hurts or did something go wrong ?
i was genuinely thinking you meant shite '' in some overly edgy scottish accent to begin with .
you made an extraordinary claim it 's on you to source it .
what sources do you have beyond him sitting at a table and trying to be diplomatic about a foreign elected body steeped in conflict ?
i have n't heard anyone else tell a story like this before ... .
the wikipedia entry on on the jcp shows it flying above their headquarters though .
it seems to be the one exception where a communist organization does n't have a good flag .
if they do let her know maybe she likes you it wont always be as bad as you think .
like when i accidentally brought a practice knife to school all the fucking retards knew it couldnt do damage but still told everybody .
the cops game patted me down searched all my shit and let me go i thought i was going to jail cause of those stupid ass kids .
for drone chips that you will use in combat u want to have revive skill em interference and extra dmg .
for med drones you definitely also want decontamination skill .
i think it 's pretty weird jones is always commenting on yoel 's posts about israel .
odenton and laurel are indeed meh but the distance worked out for my particular work location .
haha all good i do n't know why people are downvoting it 🤷‍♂️
up to 72 hours this is a standard timeframe for rockstar
this is a friendly reminder that we have an official discord link here https discord.gg/pvbncbd in there are instructions on how to join our official minecraft server as well modded java edition no it is n't cracked
come on in to play some mc talk to the mods and just hang out !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/minecraftmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
insulin is an inelastic good with no real competition no shit it 's expensive people have to buy it .
it 's also completely unrelated to the price of college .
as for the price of college in sweden i guarantee the way sweden pays for it is different from the way the us government does .
blaming everything on hurr durr stupid capitalism '' is ridiculous when there 's nothing capitalistic about most colleges anyway .
i have n't i guess i should have but if it works on the other inputs does that mean an hdmi one is faulty ?
and i considered it might be hdmi cable but i never had any issues on my 2016 vizio p65 set .
edit okay i perform the following actions i switched to hdmi 2 turn off cec and turned off hdmi control on my avr
follow the included instructions to make sure they 're set-up for use with mixamo animations .
it has denuvo aka never because it 's a low demand game
did you know that the same thing can happen to units like the skeleton warrior and the brawler since they have a shield too ?
and this has to do what with the power of television ?
also so wie ich das leben in meinen noch unter 30 jahren erfahrung bisher verstanden und interpretiert habe
du musst erstmal selbst verstehen was du überhaupt willst .
das wird auch erstmal schwer weil du von außen jetzt so viele eindrücke erfahren hast dass du jetzt nichtmals genau weißt welche davon auch wirklich deine sind .
nicht bis nächste woche nicht bis nächsten monat und vielleicht auch nicht nach einem jahr eine beziehung suchen .
eine gute freundin von mir hat jahrelang den selben fehler wie du gemacht .
am besten mindestens ein jahr und finde erst heraus was du von dir und vom leben willst .
basically every now and then i do something along the lines of
from what i 've heard branches and stuff are supposed to be used constantly but i just do n't know in what way .
like am i supposed to make a branch for every change and merge instead of pushing every little addition to master ?
am i supposed to have a dump branch '' to which i push all my stuff and merge it every now and then ?
the gordon ramsay recipe is very good and there even is a video showing you his techniques .
just in case you want to try it at some point .
i personally am not a fan of mustard either but i did n't taste any mustard notes when i cooked it .
i have n't been around that long to know off the top of my head but the command logo would be much much more rare and i could n't see any with a quick search .
i think ppl most of the time just skip to the end anyway .
when i get of work i put my headphones on some techno and i get the urge to dance .
man i hope i do n't end up doing this somewhere down the line coz i have decided to stay single forever
also why did we put in a rape button ? ''
he 's been a disappointment but it 's crazy not to pick him up right ?
i currently have mclovin and parker on my bench .
is it worth dropping one of them for woods ?
it referenced 'i want to break free ' 'bicycle ride ' and 'do n't stop me now ' i like it .
i am eating about 1000 calories a day and yes i know that is very low .
... i am ok with doing anything diet exercise etc .
as long as i have a 6 pack by february 1st .
we do n't unsafe behaviors and nobody should be on 1000 ㎉/day .
because the general public reads these posts and answers we have to keep our advice and counsel safe for anyone who would read it .
either work with a medical and athletic professional who will safely guide you using more tailored methods or keep your calories above the minimums ... 1200 for inactive normal-weight females and 1500 for inactive normal-weight men .
youre criticizing us for not saying more positive things about her leaving the land praising her .
you literally want us to say more nice things and were saying she doesnt deserve it and listing the reasons why .
youre the one who thinks things are black and white if you think her getting the kids off the land at this point counts as a good act she didnt do it for them she did it for herself and money .
could be using a skeleton similar enough to gore 's that some moves are transferred .
i mean he also uses one if g.jagras moves lol .
nta she should have kept her nasty comment to herself 😂🤣
am i crazy or does your character look like ray romano ?
you got ta be either stupid or be absolutely sure you 're immune to make a comment like that on camera .
for a new way to farm karma on reddit .
give them some responsability and see how they handle it .
they are nice but please do n't use gold on yellowish dice .
it is really hard for dm 's to see the roll across whole table personal experience .
what parameters did you adjust in order to have the shrimp breed ?
back in the day x-files lost my interest when the metaplot became too important .
until i at some point in college then i flipped my view completely but by then the metaplot was way too complex to simply pick up you could n't binge easily back then .
is there a reason faimon hell is better than aiden hell ?
35 yen than can auto aiden hell already but no reliable faimon auto .
should i try to make one or just rely on yen in aiden and focus on other mons ?
i fused lapis a looooong time ago when i was n't really playing and did n't know better.😅😅
i can auto db10 and gb10 reliably if not too fast 1:30~2 and want to try getting to 100 on toa .
yes you are right smashing into an iceberg is the correct cou of action ...
fml you brexiteers are blinkered did you even think for a second it would be better not to hit the iceberg at all ?
the recent review bombing of call of duty modern warfare by users upset at its portrayal of russians means it 's sitting at a 3.2 audience score .
unless you care about that one issue that score is totally useless to you as a yardstick of how good is the game ? ''
you work 1 to 2 year for a french company abroad for a salary scaled on cost of living etc around 3000€/month in japan i think .
apartment healthcare benefits etc are all taken care of by the french gvt/the company you 're working in .
i 'm ready to feel those lips wrapped around my cock
i agree reminds me of film noir all that 's missing are those cuts from the blinds !
its also sickening imo to walk past someone and just get hit with a sickeningly sweet or otherwise smell straight in your nostrils .
even for my minis i paint very clean and then i have to dirty them .
if you have any tuto on rough '' painting i 'll enjoy it .
read this comment in its entirety or get banned .
if you contact us with a question that can be answered by this comment you will be banned permanently and your internet will be revoked .
because your account is new under 4 days old or your account has very low comment karma your submission has been removed .
both conditions must be met in their entirety and no exceptions will be made at all .
this action is not directed at you personally r/entitledparents requires all accounts to be at least 4 days old and have at least 100 comment karma in order to create new threads .
participate in the subreddit if you want to post in the subreddit .
new users need to have a feel for this website before we allow them to post on this subreddit .
comment karma is not the same thing as link karma .
you get comment karma for making good comments that people upvote .
you lose comment karma if you make dogshit comments that people downvote .
if you have less than 100 comment karma it is easy to get simply participate in a few discussions and you 'll have the amount you need in no time at all .
on your user page you will see a breakdown of post versus comment karma you may need to hover over the karma number or the i icon to see the details .
if you 're on mobile use your fucking browser .
go to https old.reddit.com/user/me to see both kinds of karma .
the moderators will no longer be manually approving posts .
if your post gets removed and you choose to accumulate comment karma you will need to post your story again this post will not be automatically restored .
everything you could possibly ask us has been answered .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/entitledparents if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's strange nato accidentally unveiled 16 missing missiles in the hands of european governments a week ago .
but ... . that sounds like the fun part .
facts i think they will remaster pubg for the xbox 2 next year
also pubg struggles on pc and people be having 3k computers so rip to console lol
honestly thought it was some kind of joke i did n't understand because i was like but that is helen mirren !
claim climate change is a hoax vaccinations contain aborted babies complain about lazy millennials playing games all day .
harken back to the war despite being born after it .
idk fuck all about it but i 'd say it just delayed your recovery and/or intensified symptoms .
really got ta sell the lie to the kiddos .
i 'm new and do n't know any of the top guilds .
is maw the same one that mandalore is in ?
you get very sweaty when you 're fencing and leather is n't the best material to wear when you 're sweating so much .
it 'll hold in the moisture and would be hard to wash afterwards since it 's leather .
that 's why most fencing gloves are designed not with leather .
the country is about a lot more than just the economy .
that 's why i 'm not 100 certain but it seems likely
sadly this might as well be r/grossquestions some days lol .
we get the stuff that 's rejected elsewhere despite not being actually morbid .
remember that girls are n't entitled to your affection so as long as you reject them nicely you will have done nothing wrong
i might try run over to them on my lunch break and see if i can ask them .
its a skillbased gun why am i being punished for good accuracy ?
also why does everyone on this subreddit immediately think they need to stand up for respawn
how people can be so careless but there 's few accidents .
i know with the situation in syria nowhere is in paradise but i hope you guys are mostly unscathed .
nice to see someone familiar with the area here 3
would be even better if it was a girl !
i 've used alba schultz and rousillon and alba is the best
alaba has been a beast whenever i 've come up against him though
kimmich is not a great rb plays better as a cdm
also its dark and they might even accidentally hit her .
a cop 's duty is to protect the ruling class and preserve the status quo .
they get paid shit ... .but they are class traitors because laws are only for poor people .
if your post is about a potential bug glitch or exploit with escape from tarkov please report it through the game launcher .
if it is not a bug glitch or exploit report please ignore this message .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/escapefromtarkov if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's strange i wonder if it 's strictly related to hormones .
i split my time between cardio and lifting for a time never really ran much more than 4ish miles in a day .
my wife on the other hand has ran multiple half marathons and other assorted races primarily focusing on running and other cardio activities .
recently i started to take running a bit more seriously and when we jog together she has a difficult time maintaining my pace despite the fact that she 's trained much harder in that category than i have .
in juxtaposition it would be as if we went to the gym and she was out lifting me after a few sessions .
i figured she 'd have an advantage running long distances considering she 's lighter leaner and of similar height .
i 'm really curious now and i i 'll leak out more research .
the one on the right is gyokuro the one on the left im not sure but most likely sencha i guess its called eighty eight nights ''
if these are gifts and your not that into tea i would suggest looking up brewing instructions online my guess is these are expensive and fine japanese green teas are pretty easy to mess up .
there 's a book called fatal subtraction that 's about hollywood creative accounting .
a writer sued for plagiarism because he wrote a treatment very similar to what ended up being coming to america but was n't credited .
he sued and won 10m but despite the film earning something like 300m at the box office they claimed they could n't pay and it was a 10 year legal battle
people just happy to see the guy happy after a series of unfortunate events in his personal life .
so hard to test without shattering my dreams ross hornby
newer landfills are getting better all the time at capturing methane and turning it into energy .
but i agree it 'd probably be better just to incinerate it right away rather than like it up and wait for it to turn into methane .
2025 they will start building the new office buildings on top of the new slussen .
so there will be cranes around at least to 2027 .
mr. bean would totally kick that clown 's ass .
the word estimar can mean estimate but it can also mean to cherish esteem or admire .
you need to really know a person before you can have respect for them .
how can you know all that from the get go ?
no one is entitled to respect you need to earn it and it takes time to build just like it takes time to build trust
wrestling has historically been categorized as a sport and fox bought smackdown as a live sport .
and meltzer is the most successful journalist covering said sport .
heavy early team fight meta means invoker must go quas wex especially with the cold snap cd at 15 talent .
i dont think there is a hero who can out teamfight invoker with nado emp cold snap urn to disable a carry for that long !
i would like to continue to rp the way that i am and maybe pick him up on my next play through .
du kan komma och hälsa på mig i manila om du vill uppleva raka motsatsen .
albeit this saying is ment for a different situation the coach does n't play '' seems applicable .
learn about positions rules training activities you can do together .
put up a hoop or a goal in the backyard or if that 's not possible try to find areas with public areas .
if he 's going to training then he 's bound to find friends to play with .
be as supportive as you can be even though you ca n't directly play with him still having involvement goes a long way
not gon na lie i sat there in shock for a bit .
it was like a scene from a cartoon or something .
yes that also i got told be cautious if i ever need and mri also and i definitely will 😂 hopefully that does n't happen
theres a good chance any doctor you have hates your guts .
tfa hair is perfection until i see how his hair is in tros before things get serious .
i point to tmi chernobyl and fukushima as demonstrations of uranium being safer than solar and wind http www.caithnesswindfarms.co.uk/accidentstatistics.htm
what solar farm produces rated output 24/7 in december ?
lmao wtf this is the coolest part about this video .
i love how reddit is able to take something as fucked up as what ti is doing and turn it into a rant about dt
support for joy cons would be great then someone could make a frame that they slot into with the phone
c was sarcasm and everybody know this would happen .
what has any d done if the mountain of bills they pass just sit on mcconnell 's desk ?
national elections have little to do with local politics .
i 'm not calling for overseas voters to vote in local elections .
do n't know why you want to blame the community for that though .
because that was how the french tried to do it at first those on the roundabout had to yield to those joining since it was a hard rule priority to the person on the right .
result total gridlock if traffic got above a small level .
wenni eins chan sege denn dass d region basel bis jetzt der reudigsti ort zum autofahre isch woni gseh han .
in rom wirds zwar sicher no schlimmer sii aber basel isch schomol e glanzleistig .
fahre chan in basel niemert zum eine will sis nid biibrocht kriege und zum andere wills d strosse nid erlaube zvill velos und fuessgänger immer stau .
wenn me denn chönnt fahre findet der durchschnittlichi basler der dritti gang oder s gaspedal nid .
so kriegt mes aber leider an der priefig au biibrocht .
ich bin gester zum erste mol mim charre in bade gsi und han fast freudeträne grinst will me eifach chan fahre .
i never explicitly stated they were the big bad i said i hope they were n't the big bad .
s m gave me a big surprise with the aether foundation being the bad guys .
but with the lack of promotion on the game i 'm saying that i have no idea who the evil team could be .
so that was a miscommunication on my part which i apologize for .
im i supposed to see a face looking thing on setzer boot ?
except when the added latency between the long distance of aws and the on-prem dc is too high for your liking and you need expensive direct connect to mitigate it further ...
if you think this is incorrect please change the flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/selfpromotion if you have any questions or concerns .
the vast majority regret their decision later in life and wish to transition back .
exactly i noted at least three times he said he could get banned .
he even told his followers he set up a fake account on a separate computer so he could fool the epic servers .
so why he is claiming now he did n't know is absurd .
the black eye sounds like a good place for a knuckle sandwich..
by store i assume you mean hotel since retail stores and hotels are completely different monsters .
you 'll almost never find a hotel that actively tries to discount their rooms most of the hotels i 've dealt with never ask if you get a discount you have to let the hotel know .
usually if you qualify for a discount other than aaa or senior you 'll know .
you are always welcome to ask if there are any deals available obviously do n't be shitty about it but if you are being nice and just hoping to save a bit of money most fd agents will work with you to make it happen .
if an fd agent gets upset just because you ask if there are any discounts thats an issue on the fd agent not you and they need to think about whether or not they are in the right job .
at the end of the day my job does n't exist without you the guest so my goal is always to get you taken care of if it can reasonably be done
ps ill only assist those who apear on my assist list .
if you want any help on world cup just comment your link below but please assist me back on big sale first 😭 .
i 'm right here and i 'm doing great !
null should show a black screen and undefined a clown or something
is he supposed to cry and then ask you ?
the trans suicide rate is high but not that high .
we used to have soccer and basketball games every day needed a minimum of 30 minutes just to get out and get the game going .
the middle school i student taught at did n't have recess at all .
and that 's completely normal for asians see no problem with that
just stick the word gaming in there somewhere jack up the price and we 're gold .
for some reason he just feels so fair to play against .
oh boy the cocaine spirit possessed sk 's body and wrote that
i do n't generally care about story so i do n't mind the shitty translation my alphabet is cyrillic so no issues there .
you can switch to the korean voice over which sounds great to me as i watch some japanese chinese korean stuff .
so looking forward to getting through the questing part and into some gameplay .
it is a lie if they knew you are n't an american citizen prior to their statement .
i 'm on the northside though so that is bit of hike .
i 'll definitely have a look into her though if i ca n't find anything good closer .
and the books are n't looking to be better .
sure she fed a man to dogs in the tv show but that 's because it 's what d d thought would be empowering and badass '' .
my assumption was that you can simply get hardware ensure proper networking and have that as a seedbox .
and i do n't think it should be that expensive to get a board to do the job .
yes i would guess home server hardware with external storage is what i 'm looking for .
but not in the sense of a pc my initial thought was to get a better performing board computer and do the rest myself setup and etc .
p.s does everyone who posts here gets offers for renting seedboxes in their inbox ?
if you 're going to do that you better have a plumbers crack happening
i know man i 'm hoping most people are joking about it if people think eren did all of this simply because mikasa told him he 's like family then i do n't fucking know man i 'm not saying it 's not important just that it is n't the sole cause .
i 'd love to but it 's not available in my country .
finally a good happy post from someone i can feel happy for .
your doctor always warns about worsening depression or intense suicidal feelings but you never really expect that it could possibly be that bad ... . until it is .
considering there is little or no correlation between the two axes for either director ... very very low .
if you taxed the corporations to death it would n't be enough money to cover what the government has spent in the last two decades .
the people expected to make the biggest financial sacrifices are the working class and this has to change .
sure bill gates has paid the most in taxes and if you quantify sacrifice by dollar amounts you could say he has sacrificed the most .
but if you consider he does n't have to choose between paying a medical bill losing the roof over his head child care or feeding his family .
he does n't worry about how his tax dollars are spent .
if he was taxed for everything he 's worth maybe he 'd start asking why the people in power claim they need the money to provide for the country but are spending it on luxury dinners for office holders endless overseas military action and overpopulated prisons .
this feels like r/waterniggas propaganda to get you to drink water
the black as soot creatures behaved stranger than even the other protogenoi races where the lizards seemed only interested in killing each other and everything else and multiplied like weeds the black shadows wandered aimlessly their sentience could not be denied but some unifying force that had once driven their existence seemed missing .
they were made from shadows wrought by something powerful .
there seemed to be no method by which to kill them but what kept them alive was outside of seri 's sphere to discover .
as they were made by darkness and from darkness their bodies behaved more like sacks of liquid the just reformed if they took damage .
some of the creatures still had weapons buried inside them of the finest make seri had ever seen .
run finasteride with test e and you 'll keep most of your hair.also your hair thinning could just be hormone imbalance .
jace alec are parabatai so are will jem but they chose to be each other 's parabatai .
how is your day d all so happy b-day d d d ! ! ! !
we challenge ourselves to climb with a different role/champion .
we wager with friends to see who can get a certain rank faster .
we challenge ourselves to have a really high winrate .
its all about spinning your mouse with high sensitivity like a madman .
so yes it works especially people who accel their blows by looking away from you they become impossible to parry .
its why i think for honor combat system is much more interesting .
its more like chess instead of mordhau which is pure reaction .
received an impressed holy crap well the french equivalent from my nutritionist when i stepped on the scale last night .
i 'm also down another 2 cm from my waist .
i did send a message it was in the chat feature .
this is n't super common in millennials but i do n't want only my wife/gf to cook and clean and raise the kids .
my grandma told me to find a girl who 'll cook and clean for me .
brilliant dude at the helm sap putting real effort into the project and nice token economics .
high unreleased supply mitigated by current dirt cheap price and ongoing staking with 20 rewards in genesis opening phase .
yeah that 's why the article was linked which includes the headline .
but if we secure another week or two of tv ads in iowa and suddenly pull out an extremely strong poll number they will talk about that .
nah have you talked to your sil about it ?
since you 're close she may be understanding of you and your wife going to different weddings on the same day .
you will after all be around for the marriage and all the holidays and special occasions that includes .
just like my ex husband ... but he 's unaware .
well of course ... i have to make sure you go away satisfied and walking funny 😘
this is the best fucking thing i 've ever seen
oh no i agree that history can not prove or disprove the existence of god .
but if i remove presuppositions about his existence then it allows me to engage church history from a lens by which i can evaluate claims made by the church vs its own history .
i came here to say this but not say but . ''
practice the the touch pass ... ..it 's super key
i just started playing ruined yesterday had it for the longest time on steam .
the ambiance and mood of the game is so well realized .
the combat i 'm not so into but i just started playing it maybe it gets better .
it 's not just the teen mom '' thing .
i went the most dickish route because i and from what i learned and other people were fed up with her preaching .
sometimes you get an overzealous employee but they mostly do n't care about collecting coupons
i do n't need a race medal and a t-shirt and a swag bag and a catered lunch for a 20 minute run .
why the heck do these things constantly cost 40 for a single race ?
wow that sounds like a wild ride 😂 i 'll try to do more of that my mum tried it a bit and she said she enjoyed it so it 's probably worth looking into
however the checkbox might appear if the installation was through an actual release from google play which has the flag android hasfragileuserdata '' true '' .
i 'll drop an alpha build tomorrow just to see if that 's gon na work .
i feel like there should be an option to hide it by default though .
they were saying the same thing about the internet in early 90s .
or on the risk of being downvoted to hell it could be that they got offended by the fact that you seem scared of them and hence the comment .
the comment is still inappropriate and unwarranted i agree .
it 's everyone 's plan to split it up eventually they wo n't make it .
i 'm a grown ass man and i sleep naked .
it 's more comfortable for me and i like feeling my lady 's body heat as we sleep .
i guess we 're stuck learning from our mistakes but at least we can try our best to prevent them from happening again .
the aasbs i really just got lucky picking up .
i am hunting for more coverage now ice and holy physical plus any magic but lit .
the chains however i went out of my way to pull on banners with chains i needed for over a year so i worked hard to get them .
finally got an earth chain for ingus on the the chain select we had a few months back
no it does not damage it in any way shape or form
here 's a sneak peek of r/slavelabour using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/slavelabour/top ? sort=top t=year of the year !
1 offer i will make your dating profile diggity-dapper .
2 offer i will remove the wires off of any picture with you wearing earpuds so you will look cash money with airpods .
for 5 i will call you and ask you about your job and why you are n't married yet https np.reddit.com/r/slavelabour/comments/9yfhx2/offer_going_to_be_alone_this_thanksgiving_for_5_i
please look up the difference between that and liquidation .
took me 9 over 6 months for my first at a no name tiny local company for it
everybody using one form of transportation hates every other person using a different form of transportation on the road and often people using the same kind as well .
i 'll toss mastadon 's leviathan onto the list .
it 's a pretty loose retelling of moby dick '' .
the protests in lebanon are n't centralized there are hundreds of locations across the country that have been active over the past 21 days .
i 'll be happy to answer anything as soon as i can .
and i 'll also be correcting some misinformation in this thread .
could anyone give me a breakdown of all the amp models in the new yamaha thr10ii .
list the setting on the amp and the real world equivalent .
i 've found some info for the basic thr10 and the thr10c but less so for the thr10x .
from what i 'm seeing the game has a problem specifically with non ht/smt processors .
could be the reason why restricting/disabling cores with some setups is fixing hitching .
ppl making fun of this are just so fking sick ?
no the truss is not resting on the door frame .
you can see it goes behind it in the upper right corner of the opening .
end all the bad things now in your life and you 'll also end all the possibilities for good things to flourish .
people in your position and worse have been able to turn their life around .
there are a million other ways out of your situation better than the easiest and simplist one .
and really you want your life to end on the worst note possible ?
as a last resort if you still want to go through with it fake one first .
you 'll be omitted into hospital and they 'll care and try to help you even if you do n't want it .
it 's worth a try to get immediate help .
it might be awkward and embarrassing but its better than death .
at least that way your prospects for a better life improve and your family will be somewhat prepared if you do decide to go through with it .
can you stand being without engram and hilton for a few weeks possibly ?
he 's my most likely option as of right now .
i 'll probably go for the 89 and slap an engine on him
just the sum of all probabilities should add up to 1 .
it 's just baffling because they legit do not believe in science .
if you have unprotected sex science says you could likely get pregnant .
i 'm not sure where god fits in to all of this .
but they believe every move is dictated by god like they are living some preprogrammed sims game .
but lets keep josie on all the science created machines so she will live
kawhi is better than at least 40 of these players listed lmfao
you do n't need money to help yourself feel better about life sometimes !
it 's a way of living/mindset not just the fact that op has a cozy space to be in .
edit at least that 's how i took it .
do n't even bother this clod and his word salad are n't making any valid points or even attempting coherence .
the fact that there 's actually a noticeable correlation is hilarious .
ca n't wait to see this stolen by barstool and other clickbait sports aggregators in the next few hours hopefully they all give you credit .
maybe do n't get dunked on by our sweet fatboy https streamable.com/3ighq
you 're currently 3-4 10th in the west with 2 of your 4 best players out for months .
vue 's shutting down by the end of the year so its safe to say there 's a better chance now
ah no worries let me know what type you want and roughly what level you want them and then dm me when you 're back and i 'll help you out my dude
do n't forget the part where she gets honked at incessantly by the smoothbrain in a stanced out jdm skyline behind her
normally i would say you 'd be crazy to pass up free housing but in this case i think you 'd be crazy to stay there if it 's even half as bad as you say it is .
you ca n't put a price on your health .
how shortsighted would it be to stay there and save money only to end up with some chronic illness that prevents you from working or requires expensive treatment ?
i would look for housing that you could afford on just your gf 's salary so that if it takes you a while to find a job when your contract is up you 'll still be able to pay bills .
only the real og 's call it by the true name bread co
honesty i was promoted because i was the most senior was good at what i did and i wanted more money so this was the solution presented .
i 'm embracing the role and want to build a strong team .
but i ca n't stop selling on my side of things .
well it was going to be used as a multi room speaker amplifier but it could also be used to amplify individual speakers of a surround sound system as well but would need a surround pre-amp .
the greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world that he did n't exist
90 of the time kids say low key '' it 's low key completely unnecessary .
it 's pretty common for people to commute from farther out through park city and into the valley .
guys i think donovan is my favorite player of all time .
you found it glad to have you join in on the fun
i dislike that it 's so similiar but it is .
but reading the first part of the history of terminus might clarify what it actually is .
and it 's been over an hour since i got an offer
but would love to see that beautiful body in these undies from behind .
honestly i just want another viking hero who looks like an actual viking .
a varangian hero would be amazing in my opinion .
cranes like that are a real distance away from where they are needed .
if we are shipping a container from just about anywhere in the world to the west coast of the us the container is a fair estimate at 5000 .
so if you have 130 trucks that 's 747,500 just in container moving .
insurance ... budget another 1250 to load and offload per container .
then set up of this would take a couple of weeks .
i 'm going to say 1.3 million is a minimum .
they may even need a special barge and then the pricing really gets fun .
i looked to move a 600 ton crane from alberta to the west coast of the us .
conjecture but i think some for-profit bsn programs straight-up dgaf lol i think some spin it that because it 's a bsn program they 're focused on training their students to be leaders instead of entry-level nurses which is kind of like going to a culinary school and learning how to taste and plate food without knowing how to prep or cook .
decent pay at least in my area flexible hours not a boring af office job gets rough have all kinds of exit routes off bedside patient care when you get sick of it
getting fired after three bad reviews sounds like bs to me .
or maybe if you work in a really shitty workplace .
last person i knew who got fired was caught stealing narcotics .
tbh ur right i mean i posted a snippet not knowing we have already it .
also probably not having insta probably has something to do with not knowing if we have already heard a snippet that someone is using to pretend to have the actual song .
if you can get them all to 16 or close
idk what the fuck i was thinking when i commented this as at first i thought it was my real name aaron or my fake name eggron but yeah turns out it was edison .
banning someone from any platform is censoring them on said platform .
that is a lot lower than i 'd have guessed for a two way contract
i did n't mean to say she did n't like guys .
i meant chances are she wo n't get pregnant .
she 's not that type of person to settle down and have kids .
so she worked four jobs and paid off 32k ?
i guess the bs call is more on the sitting side hustles they mention .
cause uh no side hustle pays you for doing nothing really .
as a guy who has run a tower crane many times the mobile crane seems like it takes far more skill ...
did you see the story about the crane collapse in seattle recently ?
the mobile operator literally told the rigger to unhook before the crane collapsed because he figured out the tower was in trouble ...
holy sh*t. i would need a week off after that .
this is a super unique event and i 'm loving it .
you straight up do n't need to take your portfolio i 've been doing alumni interviews for an ivy and as a former area chair for alumni interviews we are told to inform the applicants not to bring anything only themselves !
so just fyi do n't take what op took .
we have n't been given a lot of info on the blue morpho and even less the relationship between him and jonas sr .
a lot of what you described sounds exactly like what i 've been experiencing so that 's reassuring .
i have played a tiny bit of all of the previous souls games except for 2 .
no reason other than i just never had it .
i actually own all of the others except for number 2 at this point through really good sales or gifts .
i 'm just terrible at all of them and for whatever reason they 've never been able to keep my interest .
which is disappointing to me because i know there 's something potentially great there that i would probably love .
actually saying that i 'm not interested in them is n't entirely correct .
i think i just have had a lot of moments for a while where i think this requires more attention and effort than i 'm wanting to give right now and i 'd rather just zone out and shoot stuff . ''
however there 's something about the story '' in sekiro that really appeals to me .
that aspect in the other games always overwhelms me or goes over my head .
anyways thanks very much for all the advice and reassurance !
i 'm waiting for news on them if not my goal ends on me not having 5 each of all of them
you say goodbye to everything when the little one is born .
have n't had the chance to try it yet but i 'll def give it a go tomorrow .
i think the tsp as well as 403 b s have the same limits as a 401 k .
i would n't be astonished if they 're controlled by separate sections of the code and different formulas and could separate but i would be surprised .
for future reference one would use whoever instead of whomever in this construction because the entire clause is the object of the preposition from and the pronoun is acting as the subject of the clause .
thankfully my company actually deals with renters who breaks oc rules .
three breaches and your evicted placed on a black list .
it 's a great system and keeps renters in check .
sadly owner-occupiers are the problem we have zero recourse on how to deal with them breaking rules short of calling the cops for things like noise complaints or airbnb parties .
it 's sad that i 'm on a first name basis with half the officers at southbank pd due to calling them several times a week .
white has an advantage of ! 4.74 pawns ! .
as a casual i could n't care less about which team has which player on the floor .
i care about my favorite team the teams i dislike and the games that are available on basic cable .
who the hell cares that kawhi takes games off ?
if you 're watching for the star players and not for the team or the game watch their highlight reels or wait for the all star break .
i think not cause i still have n't completed mine even though been purchasing the auto tap at merchant xd
basing on how you write id think you 're 14 now .
even the same job with a different job listing number .
it took me a few months of applying to get an interview .
do n't think just because you did n't get picked once you 're out for future openings .
i mean technically the game title ranges back to 1982 front line when searched .
as for mobile there is other games called frontline such as frontline commando but you may be right about that
there is a whole sex work industry of fat women jiggling their bodies squashing customers and stuffing their faces for a predominately male audience .
there are cultures where if you have the biggest wife she 's your status symbol that indicates you have the financial means to keep her fed and fat .
i have n't seen any clothes shop with the never worn tagline .
i do n't think the average person actually cares because everyone knows when it 's guy fawlkes .
it 's just the cunts who set it off at unreasonable times days before or after the annoys people .
which is fair enough if you 're their neighbour and have a baby or a dog or something like that .
lol the way you say it sounds like the type of person you 're complaining about though .
just do n't be an asshole and set it off at a reasonable time on a reasonable day and i doubt anyone cares .
and if they do it 's because a minority do what i described above and piss off the neighbour off by the time the night actually comes around so you bare the brunt of it .
just go set them off at a local park or something .
then it 'll just annoy other people you do n't live near
i 'm 27 and even i think they 're a waste of money .
i 'd only get them now if i had kids .
absolutely love my tacoma but if the opportunity ever arose to snag a nice fzj80 i 'd jump all over it .
take it from someone with shoulder or longer hair and for a while a very thick long beard .
looking at wedding pics oh i forgot how young and trin you looked with that hair ... .
i really liked your facial hair like this ... ''
i will give in one day just not yet .
what 's wrong with being a bartender working your way thru school .
these are the exact two things they are always bitching about that no one is and that 's why they need to get beat like their daddies and mommies used to beat them .
the kickoff is caught in the end zone and returned .
it 's for 45 yards. ! https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20successfulkickoff message=the 20kickoff 20is 20caught 20in 20the 20end 20zone 20and 20returned. 20it 27s 20for 20 7byards 7d 20yards .
it 's 1st and 10 on the charlotte 20 .
that 's a fair point but then why even say it at that point .
everyone knows that generally when you say it you 're not actually fine so it just feels like they 're asking for attention in a weird backwards way
when i was young my father said to me knowledge is power ... .francis bacon '' i understood it as knowledge is power france is bacon '' .
for more than a decade i wondered over the meaning of the second part and what was the surreal linkage between the two ?
if i said the quote to someone knowledge is power france is bacon '' they nodded knowingly .
or someone might say knowledge is power '' and i 'd finish the quote france is bacon '' and they would n't look at me like i 'd said something very odd but thoughtfully agree .
i did ask a teacher what did knowledge is power france is bacon '' mean and got a full 10 minute explanation of the knowledge is power bit but nothing on france is bacon '' .
when i prompted further explanation by saying france is bacon ? ''
in a questioning tone i just got a yes '' .
at 12 i did n't have the confidence to press it further .
i just accepted it as something i 'd never understand .
it was n't until years later i saw it written down that the penny dropped .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
eu increased 0.6 in 2017 and decreased 2.5 in 2018 .
in 2017 greenhouse gas emissions in the eu-28 were down by 22 compared with 1990 levels representing an absolute reduction of 1 240 million tonnes of co2-equivalents
a nonsense meme you have done nothing to support .
and i doubt anyone is going to give up economics growth to reduce emissions
i 've got noob covered do n't worry about him .
she thought it would by nice to have a man around the house .
do n't forget all the new people sum ting wong brought from doing david attenborough in snatch game .
consoles are almost confirmed to have 3ghz 8core zen 2 tier cpu 's with one of the cores likely reserved for os/etc overhead .
with what is probably going to be a 5700xt tier gpu in them and an increased emphasis on 4k the aaa games are likely to keep aiming for 30fps and either adding complexity to scenes to absorb the additional 100 more single core power they 'll get or spend less time optimizing cpu side to get 30fps .
given that some games hit inexplicable limits ie probably cpu related and sometimes struggle to hit 30 on consoles it 's likely the per frame cost is likely to go up a good amount in about 2 years once current consoles are not a dev priority .
thus to get 60fps you 're probably going to want about 1.5-2x a 3ghz or so 7 core zen 2 cpu with a bit of fudging for better multithreading and stuff once the next consoles are fully mature ie 2022 or 2023ish .
so no if you want a cpu that will make it to the end of next gen consoles ' life span in 6-7 years you need to budget for at least one cpu upgrade in 2022 time period .
leadbelcher highlighted with stormhost silver and then two coats of casandora yellow shade .
i put them as far back as i could though it was a bit harder since it still snapped to the dirt walls .
i guess your invisible walls are going way behind the rocks and you placed them over the barriers ?
the last 2 games the earned gold total was definitely larger .
i 100 agree if we do n't tackle the problem of climate change soon then all this research will be for nothing however an interesting scenario i just thought of what if catastrophic climate change happens just after a major breakthrough in genetic engineering and we genetically engineer ourselves to withstand extreme temperatures ehh ?
obviously i hoping i live in the timeline where we solve climate change soon and can continue productive research on ending human suffering .
lady gaga did work at a starbucks for a day so the chances of another pop star doing the same thing are n't too slim 👀
i dont even know what this means but i know it 's funny
now if we 're talking a spinning back kick by joe rogan i might change my mind .
i was just messing with op but thanks for being actually helpful p
also they 'll get used to this happening more than once lol !
tbh i get the anger but ye got ta roll with it you 'll still get to see a game
its going out of trend in new schools ... and rising in trend in older schools .
haha yes reply with no u x10 plus small peepee '' 'dd
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
so she is getting sued for an attempted joke ?
i thought she actually said that to a child .
some people have all the time in the world !
lol yeah you definitely have not lived in an area with many strays .
i 've seen cats not give a shit about other cats being injured or even killed .
they are animals they are not the ideal moral beings you play them up to be .
and by the way there are plenty of other species that could n't give a fuck about other animals from their species struggling and dying .
i mean animals like bears will literally eat each other from time to time .
i omit it because that was the first thing that you sent to me .
that was concessions you made after you realized that it was worded horribly .
it is one of the most beautiful games ever in my opinion .
i did see a pretty bad case of name stealing on a r/amitheasshole post though .
this woman wanted to know if she was wrong to name her daughter the same name her best friend whom she knew was actively trying to conceive despite fertility issues had confided in her op as being her dream name for her hoped-for daughter because it had special significance in their family or something .
it was a really uncommon name too if i remember correctly .
op got pregnant before her best friend found out it was a daughter and decided she too liked that uncommon name and named her daughter the same name .
now i totally get not laying claim to a name but imo that op was a total jerk .
i know you 're struggling to conceive and telling me the unusual family name you have for the daughter you dream of having was you confiding in me but eh i just liked it so i named my daughter the name first .
the game needs all the streams n youtube popularity it can get .
a small sacrifice to gain more publicity is healthy for the game .
also gm also provides educational content along the way .
so if i 'm a bronze i would love a gm to come see my game n expose my weakness so i can improve .
they are far less of a nuisance if any compare to toxic player who intentionally throw games n what not .
people who just go out there to spoil other people 's game n day .
that 's a bigger problem than an occasional gm doing bronze to gm climb .
oh damn i feel like i won this one .
they would definitely get that n more from moi ... .
companies are n't going to absorb the tariffs forever .
if the tariffs are not done away with in 2020 expect to see them passed on .
i do n't see any costs on the materials that means i can use my component pouch right ?
it 's definitely your right to set boundaries but as they are your in-laws it should really come from him as a joint decision .
maybe soften the blow say that you love having them around but it emphasises your anxiety when they go in x y or z room and until you 're healed you need their help in creating those safe zones .
wandering in and out of your personal space like that is not normal at all
there 's a not-insignificant chance swinson could lose her seat surely ?
no need to apologise mate your english is far better than my swedish .
but mainly because it 's hard for tories to win the war of ideas with corbyn
that 's exactly where i am and my faith has been strengthened soooo much !
you simply reach that point where you just ‘know ' it 's all coming .
and you are completely right saturn has taught me that unshakeable self-worth .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
damn i did n't get him konami wants me to have gold players that i will never use
dirty packing cube inside my scrubba washbag or in a mesh bag .
share your cakeday and have a chat on the cakeday discord https discord.gg/wzs5mdy .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cakeday if you have any questions or concerns .
thatniggaephy bigdaddyliberty you keep saying that we deny something but you can never explain what it is we deny .
we agree on the problem but you 're not proposing a solution just nitpicking at it not explaining what you are proposing acting superior .
you 're not engaging in dialog you 're just heckling .
oh no no he did n't just marry sakura he had a child with her .
a loving child that adores him and resembles them both with wants and needs also an uchiha with the sharingan .
oh you 're very happy you have your own little ways of saying i love you and everything .
i find it so hard to appreciate being single .
perhaps it 's because i 've never been in a relationship or even had a date before i want to know what it 's like .
perhaps if i ever get the blessing and luck of having a relationship and it does not work out i 'll know what it 's like to appreciate being single .
this is super confusing since i have completely different experience and i 'm using webrender .
i have n't noticed any sort of battery drain connected to firefox other than playing videos but that 's just pure cpu drain since firefox for linux does n't yet feature va api hardware decoder other than that for just browsing it 's probably comparable to any other non-ff based browser .
i mean i deffo do want to be a woman
it 's just more of should i transition ? ''
and he entered the temple and began to drive out
those who were selling and buying in the temple and
amvr makes a cover replacement for the rift s that pulls out the stock foam and replaces it with a pleather like material .
it 's on amazon for 35 i think and can be wiped down using alcohol etc .
roll over and pull your butt cheeks apart and i 'm yours
i grew up in the world of possible nuclear armageddon and we all understood that nuclear weapons were a deterrent .
if your enemy wants to wipe out your way of life and they start amassing nuclear weapons to achieve that aim you do n't just sit around singing kumbaya '' hoping you wo n't get attacked .
you need to put enough fear into your enemy as humanly possible so that they will not launch an attack .
it is that very concept of mutually assured destruction that brought about the superpowers lowering their nuclear arsenals in the first place .
but now we are in a better place and only rogue actors like north korea and iran and the pakistan/india situation threatens the current unsteady peace .
in many ways they are far more dangerous than the us and the soviets ever were .
if there was a possibility to not have to sleep anymore i would pay a lot of money for it .
i packed him and he honestly was n't really noticeable on the pitch .
are you that naive that you think those are his own words ?
there 's no value in the market '' does that ring a bell ?
youre aware the mueller investigations actually made a profit due to all the illegal funds seized due to all the crimes they found ?
if you view that as a win for the republicans and the democrats being delusional then there isnt much i can do to make you see a rational point of view .
i 've typically seen small differences like a 5 higher numbers reported in g ads .
1 the provider is tracking clicks on your ad while analytics will look at site loads .
if a site is slow and people give up waiting fb will count the click but analytics wo n't register them as a visitor .
2 the source medium info might be loading incorrectly in analytics for a bunch of possible reasons so they might be visiting your site but showing up as direct in analytics .
thanks for taking the time out to do that .
seems it 's old cable internet and i 'll contact optus .
we need to study this comment that just came out of cryostasis from 2008
breakfast is n't weird to me well pancakes are weird they 're a dessert food but i 'm not american so whatever .
but breakfast in bed just is n't nice to me .
you 're not sitting properly to eat crumbs might go in your bed it 's immediately after walking up i like to shower before i eat .
useless if it does n't work with a 3rd party launcher
so basically it 's looking at quick play and other game modes ?
i thought it was going to be based on the new true skill '' system that reset with shadowkeep and had to relearn people 's skill levels in order to place them properly .
and if that 's the case that 's why i was so confused when on my very first match i got placed against some 5000 point players because i had 0 points and no games for it to judge my true skill '' off of .
i 'm trying to get my nose on it .
i actually sampled spicebomb yesterday and really loved it ...
they lacked national dex for the pokedex but in this case dex is still referring to the pokemon in the game .
transferring pokemon forward without being able to use them is also silly when the whole point of them introducing bank was to be able to use your old favourites in the future and the argument for taking out half the dex falls flat when you actually look at how much memory each pokemon actually takes in the game and the fact the game is 1.5x the price of main series pokemon games beforehand .
you still did n't address my point about the fact they are n't actually promoting the use of newer pokemon with the removal of older ones because they are still bringing out more forms for some of the oldest pokemon to encourage using them ...
you just received a letter saying you had to be out by the 8th ?
i think you need r/legaladvice as you should get 30 days notice after that they would start the eviction process .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
is it because you hate being a cad slave that you do n't want to do it ?
you can go be a cad slave and have the easiest of lifes just contracting .
i started off doing cad work at 17 in a design apprenticeship and now i 'm a lead mechancical engineer within my company been here 9 years straight from school .
but 'designers ' aka cad jockeys can get paid well if you 're good at what you do and it can be an easy gig .
i class myself as pretty good with cad and when i need to go back to use it in my job i really enjoy it and it 's easy just headphones in and model away .
my work pay lead designers anything from like £40k £55k probably dependant on experience and it would be such an easy life for someone who does n't want a career as such and just a decent paying job that 's 95 stress free .
that appears to be one of the long-legged sac spiders https bugguide.net/node/view/3383 .
because they traded for a power forward and signed a center to make 4 out of 5 starters either a power forward or a center ?
yeah they are a well stocked store with lots of brand name stuff .
i 've been going through them and bho for the last few .
and they both have rivers going through them though the deschutes is way more clean than the french broad .
ok so i would n't say they deserved their trodden fate but they themselves could control their fate .
well there 's an example of an illegal business practice .
cosmetic skins for all the people in your dreams .
depending on how the shot was taken this could be real .
the coefficients of static and dynamic friction just determine whether keeping the chair turning is easier than starting it turning .
and while it can certainly help you turn farther if you 're fighting less friction along the way you still have to break the static friction to start and you have to not break the static friction to move back to your original position with the chair turning with you .
when i was 20 i could have put holes in walls .
20 years later my spunk comes out like like some fat lazy hungover mid-level executive on a monday morning .
the attitude is something like i was getting plenty of girls but i transitioned anyway 'cause i 'm too cool to care . ''
i just wanted to discount the image of the traditional trans narrative '' of me being some incel in hs that most trans women were .
there 's nothing wrong with being proud of who you are or boasting a bit .
the twist is that you 're clearly proud but are attempting to boast about how you 're indifferent .
at one point this was true but the initial euphoria of the new experience has largely worn off and i need to seek new experiences to feel that way again .
well what you say here about the ease of manipulation as a woman seems closer to truth to me .
you do actually care about how you present yourself and it does matter .
not sure where i ever said i did n't care about my appearances .
your recent r4r posts point to this too there is n't a history of that sort of behavior on your reddit account only normal attention seeking attractiveness-affirmation which seems confident today coupled with your decision to post here .
quite curious as to what you assume that part of the puzzle is that does n't match up ?
just realized my sweater selection for the season is way more logan roy than i had planned .
what he did was reckless and stupid and you know it .
the difference between him breaking the law and not in this clip is essentially moot .
he was close enough that the officer decided to pull him over .
if the cop thinks he 's breaking the law i 'm gon na side with the cop in this case but you can keep defending people who do reckless shit and put other people in danger just because well ackhtually he did n't tecknickully '' .
já viste o que é que o avante oferece considerando o preço dos bilhetes ?
aquilo só é possível com trabalho voluntário e durante décadas foi o único festival de verão em portugal com uma importância cultural muito importante .
além do cartaz musical variado e muito bom tem teatro literatura feiras gastronómicas sem o chavascal de comercialismo vazio dos festivais normais '' .
d5 and up is less than 5 of the league population .
even if every high elo player made a smurf to climb the odds of you seeing one are 1 in any given game .
hi just want to share a new how-to '' video i 've created on neville goddard 's technique of revision .
when i 'm overwhelmed and exhausted i use the small wins as a catalyst to get through it .
they literally state he is still alive but he 's just in a dormant state .
joseph had to run the fuck away from him and he then just shrugged off stroheims grenade like nothing .
the sun killed '' him when the water was reflecting back at him not because of joseph 's hamon and stroheim .
neither of the things you said actually killed santana whatsoever
i actually want to run a sotp sherpa at some point .
beside time i do n't know what can improve your reads from bounces ...
it 's probably not the only weakness in your game though i 'd say .
if you intentionally make more work for someone else it means they have that much less time to deal with the rest .
the update is n't even out yet stop asking for changes
basic piece manipulation is very difficult at this moment .
more specifically rotating to specific angles like the angle of ramps and pixel precision .
are there plans to refine the basics of prop manipulation ?
good comments already provided but i read you only georeferenced corners of the map .
if your projection on the map and and project were n't the same you could have have greater error elsewhere .
2 approaches that worked for me are to match the projection before georeferencing hard to do with these maps no doubt or add a few control points through the middle .
not to mention a high lotto pick mle ability to go over the apron a 17m tpe and several promising young players on cheap deals .
warriors are going to have a lit two or three seasons after this one .
is it better to try to upgrade uru of one type or just mass upgrade randomly to 5 ?
it 's not like you are 30 and she says you are 27 the difference between a 16 yo girl and a 13 yo girls ca n't pass unnoticed .
i used to do workouts 3 times a week 2hours a day which would hit everything twice .
but it was just a bit too much for me my goal is healthy lifestyle not having a bodybuilder-like body
there may be quite a few options that could accommodate this .
something like data entry admin work/virtual assisting transcription content writing etc ?
because you think the labour respondents are lying to two separate yougov polls taken over 2 years but voters from other parties are telling the truth .
just 1 in every 1,250 labour members have been accused of antisemitism .
by comparison 54 of tory party members actually believe islam is a threat to the british way of life .
45 believe muslim no go zones exist in the uk .
just under half would not accept a muslim uk prime minister .
i am on a mission to do find a good deal .
i have a 1st gen ipad so i would need a newer model .
i bought a new phone charger😂 a good durable one ... and i hide it from my kids and my husband !
glad i was n't the only one who though this
at this stage in their careers de minaur would win but in 1 or 2 years an upgraded sinner would blow him off the court .
mgt 6203 has been a very light workload and very easy in my opinion .
the lecture video content is longer than other courses i 've taken some weeks there are 5 20-30 min long videos however the homeworks quizzes and tests are all open book .
as far as what you 'll get out of it that 's subjective .
the main topics are regression investment/portfolio analysis digital marketing and operations management .
depending on which path you take in oms you 'll get some exposure to these topics that you would n't get otherwise if you do n't take the electives for them .
i think it would be really funny to have a pandas disposition .
be really clumsy and fall over a lot while just having fun all the time .
yeah sam rockwell hears the guy bragging in a bar .
i 'll ask one thing cuz its bugging me so much how do you guys have such clean art like no smudges no pencil marks
yeah there 's a good deal among cricket fans tests will always be most popular with the general public .
indian fans here are just very dedicated so they take the once in a three or four year chance to come and see the indian players in person .
and in altered carbon vr is used for torture .
every day most of the world goes to work to create value for themselves and their fellows .
and you come along and say i think that whole group over there is dumb and their work is overrated and they are not going to figure out how to make things better for themselves. '' .
and you 're not just talking about the sad story you intend to profit from it ?
and then by the way it becomes your best interest to try to make sure the subjects of your judgement do n't succeed .
its completely possible that someone starts a company and does n't succeed .
and it 's possible that they make great products that just cost too much and are n't profitable .
and it 's possible that people lie and cover up problems to try to keep themselves in power or at least in control .
and it is pretty rare that someone like musk comes along and transforms several industries payments space access automobiles energy .
at some point you have to look at the track record and ask yourself is it worth betting against this guy ? '' .
musk is exceptionally smart creative takes big risks and works like a demon .
how is it a good idea to bet against that ?
i wonder that guys like einhorn would short the whole planet if they could .
dangerous and illegal and 'middle of the night ' means you know it .
for starters it is far better to be official so the obstruction is on fire department and ambulance maps .
and warning signs so you personally do n't get picked up in a personal injury and damage to property law suit .
just say you were simply following mayor daley 's example when he tore up meigs field .
do i have to finish the raid to unlock that part ?
johnny would be he only person in show biz david knows that could hook him up with anything because mtv would n't help him like they would be helping jenelle .
johnny is fine with it cause he is likely to get some fees from david once he eventually sells his side to some terrible you tuber .
and for the record one square of zoning is 8x8m
they do n't really have a global perspective as a chronically neutral 4th way country .
at least here in central europe the servers seem to be stable .
that other donald is totally a faker he is fake news !
i know one or another realm i could sub30 .
like in a few minutes ago after buying eiko usb after making a ticket draw in ffix and granting me a random usb for freya and clearing ffix in 50:00
still reducing to sub30 needs specific relics that i 'm not willing to chase/buy just for the sake of sub30ing them .
i 'm going to focus on creating teams to beat odin now since i 've been stalling this .
if i revisit some realms maybe i 'll find some unseen script to my team or some unseen relic that could help although my clears were pretty much with the best team synergy i could find .
for example i 've traded my whole ffxiii team from physical to magical because cid raines bsb and nabaat usb carried me and i have sazh usb that raises mag while i 've been having a hard time keeping my team alive with vanille bsb as main option in the realm and keeping snow for his last stand effect .
like i 've said i know some of those realms i can sub30 still it 's going to be a huge effort that i do n't know if it 's worth it .
but i 'm surely will revisit some of them if my future pulls grant me some new toys .
lol i 'll take that as a compliment although when i speak english i definitely do n't have such a thick foreign accent .
also the interaction in my story was in my native language d
i 'm waiting for that sweet digital foundry video from alex
we have to go to the weddings all the time .
and all the people just dance and they get and boom !
if you come to turkey do n't go to weddings .
or do you believe that the devs made those earthquakes '' to tease us ?
great story as always and i was fooled until the very end !
so ultimately buying used while sending less money to game freak still sends a non-zero amount of money to game freak .
you have to say alleged if you do n't have 100 solid proof .
even in the most obvious cases it 's proper to use that word
it 's such a satisfying gun but it should n't be a sniper .
stop fucking your mother and start fucking your sister ?
start around gold 4 mmr does n't mean bronze and gold players play together all the time .
if that happens it 's because their mmr is very similar but that 's not the case if people play more than 20 games a season .
just lose 50-100 games in a row so your mmr drops a bit '' if someone loses that many games they 'll probably drop 1-2k lp so basically they 'll be iron at that point .
mind showing an example of a 30 winrate account with 100 games played that plays in gold mmr ?
se precisa do supremo e perda unificar jurisprudência e decidir temas controversos eu não elogi está gente alimentada a lagosta caviar para soltar bandido proibir que se tenha arma e legislar para prender por opiniã
do n't brush and do n't kiss him afterwards .
if he wants kissing he needs to get over his issues .
depends on rolls ... more rolls..more chances to win .
i 've seen 2 weapons to be a norm for 25-30 rolls .
chiar am vrut ieri sa postez video asta da ' m-am simtit prost ca cine-s eu sa rad de aspectul omului .
my soon kept begging for the battle pass before i started playing and i never gave in thinking it was dumb to spend money on a free game .
now between myself and three kids playing i have spent a fortune .
and also without disappointing them with how weak u are
i 'm even playing on potato internet most days and would still know the problem is with my xbox and not the game if it crashed every time i tried to play fo76 .
i think the game difficulty also has something to do with it .
if you play on rookie instead of legendary difficulty you will be more likely to take wickets .
i feel like i 'm more in my head after shrooms and lsd but i can keep smoking but i never can get to where i 'm hella high anymore but i can get pretty high
i slipped on ice once and my coccyx took the full force of the impact .
it 's an amazing full-body world of pain falling on it from a height like that guy did must have been soul shattering .
the expandable supply model based on approved minters was a bit flawed firstly approved minters were 3rd parties that would essentially mint xrd so there was a risk of non-contentious fork as well as the fact that the model was possible playable effectively not allowing the supply to get higher .
jos ottaa pohjaksi anssi kelan 6€ soitto https www.teosto.fi/teostory/mit c3 a4-hittibiisill c3 a4-tienaa niin pelkästään suomipopilta on kilahtanut wiskarille tuosta yhdestä biisistä toista tonnia kuussa .
which is both highly likely and hilarious because özil 's performance against leicester last season was magnificent .
did you have a shoulder issue or is it more apt ?
i also did a long stretch session last night as well as used a kieba ball on my shoulders and chest and i feel better but am very sore !
i was pointing out the sub 's tendency to drop willekeurig dutch in over 10 of the posts .
also you ... ..sound like you might have some issues .
hard to get 8 anessix lobbies if you play hobgen
lol dident see the uk thing at the top slowly steps out of room whispering freedom
i had the shoulder pain with my ectopic but it was the last symptom to show up and the one that really solidified for me what was likely happening .
i started bleeding a week before my period was due but it was really light .
by the time my period was due the following week the bleeding had heavily ramped up had what felt like really bad period cramps for a few hours and i was passing clots .
i took a test because clots are not at all normal for me so i thought my maybe it was a miscarriage .
test was very positive so i just assumed that was what was happening this was a saturday .
it felt like i had to use the bathroom but just could n't .
i left work feeling dizzy and sick to my stomach and thought i might pass out .
the next day i was fine most of the day but again late afternoon the awful stomach pain came back .
i wasnt even associating it with the bleeding i really thought i was having bad constipation .
it did n't go away this time it got worse and worse and worse as the night went on and eventually i was balled up on the bathroom floor in so much pain and throwing up .
then the shoulder pain came and at that point i knew what was likely happening .
the shoulder pain comes from the internal bleeding the stomach pain getting so bad it 's touching nerves that are attached to your shoulders .
it was right where my shoulder meets my arm and was getting so bad o could n't use my arms to lift myself up off the floor .
at this point i made my husband take me to the er .
it was there i was diagnosed and and had to have surgery immediately to remove my ruptured tube .
i felt relieve as soon as i woke up from surgery .
long story short i 'm terribly sorry if this is what you are going through but i 'm hopeful for your sake it is n't .
your appointment is soon enough and your symptoms still minor enough that i think you are okay to wait without needing a visit to the er .
as far as i know cuphead and mugman made a deal with the devil and lost but they can keep their own souls if they basically collect the souls of others
one of the great disappointments of my life is that twat sounds like prat and not ought .
i 've been mentally calling people twats forever and it 's not as enjoyable correctly .
ozzy is great any of you ever listened to some black label society ?
my favorite group b. alweez loved blt and that one member who died in a suicide bombing right leg topaz .
the battle royale mode in csgo has tighter mechanics the new mage battle royale game i think it 's called spellbound has a better hook .
yes it has been suggested lots of times in the previous years but fdev are still ignoring this request by not providing any feedback about it .
yeah true but i was more implying it 's weird how wags has not played a single limited overs match for nz but has played 42 tests .
surely that 's a record in the limited overs era ie players after 1971 ?
this is a reminder to please flair your post if you have n't done so already .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gusjohnson if you have any questions or concerns .
also do you trade records on here a lot how does it work ?
palm from h×h is the same type and she also goes a bit yandere
i 'm not i just did n't know if they were real or not
despite the fact that they knew he had a dnr the short time in verifying the dnr might have been enough to administer the life saving intervention .
the article says they gave iv fluids which is the first line for sepsis treatment .
these fluids are n't special by any means they are meerly volume replacement .
while its astonishing and slightly hilarious to think that the bare minimum treatment saved his life its definitely a possibility .
to me it depends on what type of fluids they gave .
if they administered more than normal saline that is messed up .
i would not every have a i or ii power in my team .
nah we 're getting the bloodlines instead and then the chicagos in february
i imagine it would be difficult to build a rig that fits a 3 year old as well as adult wife .
wheelstand pro center column goes up and down nicely .
attention unpaid participants you have 10 minutes from now to pay or i will remove your slots and move to the waitlist .
itt idiots that do n't realize that everyone ca n't be as progressive as we would like them to be .
while every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy of this report mistakes can occur .
in the event of any discrepancies university regulations prevail .
you have the responsibility to report any perceived discrepancies to your major department .
i hope they reissue all of them at some point because i only have the cinnamoroll one it 's my favorite accessory
are you sure you do n't mean it the other way around ?
i think that 's the great question how did it get this bad ?
only thing as fans and the media can conclude is the coaching is worst.. and maybe the players are done with this system and culture
no he will go into the power up just fine you 'll just have to put abilities back on him
and the same scene pic from a scene posted 30 times with very slight variations
ok i do n't have a full list because i 'm not home and i do n't remember everything i have but there 's also a
3 two shot combat rifle with reduced weight and 10 damage while aiming i think
i 've also got a 3 fatman with two shot and 90 reduced weight and a third perk i ca n't remember
all i hear from doctors is that you made it through !
had one girl motivated enough to do that once ... god i miss her..
so what did they use the flashy thingy from men in black on all of them and never found out what they 'd been working on until they recognised each other at your school ?
i thought about it and i reckon this is the case the route plan probably did n't say they came into the close and cb expected them to deviate from the plan to come to their house .
it 's entirely possible he 's just being stupid .
edit he admitted he was just being stupid and misread in a comment below .
that one where i owned my own planet of women that all looked very similar my wife ie hot but my actual wife was there too .
and we ruled over the planet together for eons .
not sure where you 're located but i 'm in the us and we have some amazing ruins hidden in our own backyard particularly in new mexico .
centralizing https business.financialpost.com/news/retail-marketing/canadian-tire-revenue-misses-estimates-on-growing-competition its banner ads seems common sense .
but there is something afoot in the wide world of the web that is ads are taking up more and more bandwidth and this is evident when third party ads are loading into the banner and sidebar sections of web pages now .
ask yourself is youtube service getting slower to load ?
this is terrible advice to have as an adult sometimes responsibilities are more important than fun .
calvin is a kid so he thinks life should just be fun but that 's the point .
the catholic church writ large—i.e. not only the latins but also antiochene byzantine chaldean alexandrian and armenian these are the various ‘rites ' which exist within the catholic church same church different expressions put simply —is the only church whose hierarchy is traceable directly back to the apostles .
of course the modern orthodox church still can claim this but only because it split from the catholic church in the great schism of 1054 .
various sects exist within orthodoxy but i 'm not qualified to speak on those lol .
i believe they all trace back to the cc as well .
other than the catholic and orthodox churches who is the third large group that claims originality ?
i would either invest out of state or put that money in the stock market .
just glancing at loopnet you could get big multi-family properties in wisconsin or indiana for your money .
more doors means more stability since you 're unlikely to have them all be vacant at once .
oh my gosh i just watched that stephen west video for the first time and i lold !
fuck this old witch feeding some homeless piles of shit honestly all of these fucks in the photo including the photographer can go suck my penis inside out .
i can care less what anybody thinks this my judgement that 's absolute so go kill these homeless waste shits .
when life gives you a kinda lemon eat the meat ?
but he says that after mentioning benioff/weiss departure which movies were coming in 2022-2024-2026 ...
you might want to check out r/indiemusicfeedback https www.reddit.com/r/indiemusicfeedback .
it has a 3 comment requirement before posting so you will be much more likely to get feedback there ! !
so tomorrow i have a coffee date with a girl from tinder .
she 's beautiful smart we have a lot of similar interests and texting chemistry that is better than any i 've had with an old connection in ... .like forever .
and also this is my first time ever going on an actual date with a girl i 'm also a girl have identified as bisexual for a long time but have never actually really acted on it outside of silly drunk shenanjgans .
then on sunday i 'm going out to brunch with friends to celebrate the fact that this week i passed my comprehensive exams i 'm officially a doctoral candidate now !
the past few weekends have been kind of awful because i 've been stressed depressed and isolating myself ... but this one 's going to be different .
but john first put the idea of the ace forth in a flashback episode when sera was still queen
volkov has only been ko 'd twice and by two huge hitters minakov and lewis some people here are acting as if he has a glass chin .
i just think volkov is going to pick hardy off very easily dance around him tire him out and then slaughter him i dont think he 'll flatline hardy but i think he will make him quit once he gasses .
obviously anything can happen but on paper this is the surest bet there has been in a long time .
please reply with verify on this post to confirm our trade
as a super casual how do you get your starter to be shiny ?
that type of content is completely inappropriate on a work computer .
you should report it to hr because your company needs to investigate and address any issues .
that is exactly what i said when i read your post .
no issues with dv on 2019 panasonic oled 's either .
people with dv problems need to state their specific tv brand and model .
... and then they built it in a way a strong wind could destroy it .
agree with the other guy trade opj if you have to but do n't drop .
we have a male cat and a neighbor cat also male started hanging around our back door .
our cat started to mark his territory a bit by spraying .
we cleaned and used the stuff to keep him from doing it .
but he started to run up to my spouse and mark her leg !
the very first time he tried that with me ya he sprayed my pants leg !
i grabbed him and stepped into our downstairs toilet unzipped and pissed on him .
the problem stopped immediately and he has never done it again .
but now with the introduction of alchemist steeple that allows you to transmute lower level mats into lv .
85 mats it is way easier to grab the required gear for w11 .
craft any lv.85 2x hp or def mainstat golem piece disregarding set bonus and sustats then slap it on ur tank done .
pulls out ar-15 this is a whole different level of unacceptable
cubs might have their best sp prospect under theo making his t100 debut in brailyn marquez .
brennen davis looks like he could be a potential all star cfer making his debut too on the lists .
i always felt the cubs did n't have a bottom three system this year so it 'll be nice to see them return to the teens .
stand-alone but it 's downloadable dlc for the first game ?
late afternoon sun gives light that is soft and warm go for it .
there are people who can do great pictures with flat lighting from an overcast noon sky but it 's easier in the afternoon .
try to use a longish lens that gives you a bit more distance between you and your model and everybody will be more relaxed .
again some people do great portraits with a 35 mm lens on full frame but a 80-200 zoom will make things easier .
some facial expressions might just pop up for a fraction of a second .
great photographers have done portraits on sheet film whee the frame rate is like 1 per 10 minutes but you should make use of your camera 's abilities
have somebody come along ideally a friend of the model .
they can help with holding stuff but again if there are three people things are less likely to become weird
buy one or bring a sheet of white styrofoam .
yuri ntelligent kind amazing fantastic and best of all you know epstein did n't kill himself .
normally this would be good but when players have the chance of being boosted really high it only makes it fun when the players are affordable .
so what 's the companies ' non-sexist rationale for it then ?
you 're not going to get an answer that makes any sense from those who are complaining .
people genuinely want to be put against worst players so they can increase their k/d and smash the other team .
you have people who say they ca n't use their meme loadout because they always have to try hard .
which is an actual thing i 've seen someone say on here .
then you have people who complain about sbmm not prioritizing ping and connection .
which is fair but even if that was fixed you 're still going to have people complaining .
there 's also people who want a ranked and casual playlist separation but those people will likely never go into a ranked lobby .
again because they just want to go against easier opponents .
socialism is exactly about rejecting a system in which the value generated by your work enriches someone else .
it was in a lesson as well and the teacher had no idea what had gone on .
we were only a small class which made it even better .
for me the shark one at the top of the map never spawned back idk if this is a bug or what
buyer sent gold first and got the infusion right after thanks for trade
good thing you ca n't become leader of the bard 's guild .
that way you 're just the most important person in skyrim not the only important person in skyrim .
when it snows you 'll find lots of them in ditches and the like .
i think you 're right but to be fair the movie really does n't make this clear .
i feel like as sweet as these dogs can be you do n't get three dogs with horrifying reputations unless you 're trying to intimidate somebody .
this card prevent the skill from being canceled when affected by status effects ?
can u cast taunt while selfless shield is going on ?
it was my first time playing with it but i do have some thoughts so far .
i found it quite difficult to layer some darker pigments on top of the lighter ones .
packing on the pigment onto the crease/outer v was no problem until i started blending .
my skin is quite dry atm so i did n't think more of it at first .
i did create a new look where i used e5 again and stumbled upon the same problem .
the shimmers are absolutely beautiful imo but as most shimmers they apply better with either a dampened brush or fingertips .
in my case they layer beautifully on top of each other as well as on top of the matte shadows .
i do generally go for abh palettes and love the quality of their other palettes .
i know this palette is supposed to be a brand of its own under abh but i did find some very noticeable differences compared to other abh palettes .
the pigments are packed very firmly into the pans this was new for me because i 'm used to abh shadows flying all over the place with kickback .
although i prefer using my fingers when it comes to shimmers you can not pick up any shimmer shades onto a dry brush with vol .
the shimmers also have a drier formula so the shimmer/glitter particles transfer after a couple of hours of wear .
this does not really bother me as much because i 'm somewhat used to it with my eyelid shape .
it is not my favorite but i find the pigments very decent and unique .
the palette is also easy to work with for the most part if e5 wanted to cooperate .
while it is true that akb48 has around 100 members they are all split up into different sub units team a team k team b team 4 and team 8 each having around 20ish members with team 8 having around 45 members .
around 5 ish members from each group are notably recognizable with the top 7 members in all of akb48 known as the kami7 almost always take the center spot in each upcoming single due to their sheer popularity .
that is n't to say girls that are n't in the top 25 ish members go completely unrecognized .
some of the middling popular members still get massive support from superfans known as oshi who willingly drop 1000 per release to get fanservice meeting with idol getting to shake their hand etc .
the center position or idol with most screen time for each single is voted on by popular vote in an event known as senbatsu .
the lowest popular idols are at risk of just dropping/graduating from akb48 due to limited support .
if i happened to be a part of a big group of talented musical artists vying for a center spot for an upcoming release but in each senbatsu i was running against taylor swift i would lose to taylor swift every single time .
the janken/rock-paper-scissors tournament is a great way for the least popular idols to get a chance at being a center in the next upcoming single .
they are given a chance to rise to the top instead of having to unfairly compete against a kami7 in regular senbatsu rules .
i got him roughly 2-3 weeks ago his dropping were all normal green sturdy with a white plop on the side .
it 's not just water split over it i watched him poop out a watery moosh .
his bedding is changed daily and everything gets deep cleaning once a week .
his diet has been the same since i got him pellets and some seeds along with extra seeds for training .
he seems to be the same screaming flapping biting stuff .
i do n't know what could 've gone wrong .
it 's a step towards not turning into california .
i 'm out of the loop could someone fill me in
i 'm so sorry to hear about your brother .
i truly hope you can find comfort and that mil somehow vaporises in time for christmas because she 's a cow .
lucy doggo absolutely loves it among with toilet paper but we do n't talk about that xx
i think i 'm the only person who does n't care and does n't think this is a deal breaker 😂
i do have another drive a 1tb hdd but windows is installed on my 240gb kingston ssd .
the mb is now loading the bios i have no clue what changed but it was n't before .
no biggie you can acquire that solayu many more copies easily with event currency .
but as earlier reply try to lock things up except fodders .
the downloads folder is just a temp folder and there should not be an issue in clearing it .
then play anivia and clear every wave so he will never be able to finish and is forced to surrender if he doesn‘t want to stay .
well ok you kinda waste your time aswell but you could watch youtube videos you only have to press r anyway .
they seem to do that more often over there for some reason .
i even built a trap tunnel far enough away it should not have concerned them in the least .
they still chopped it down did n't replace it with anything either .
well far left politics is much more prominent among millennials than far right is
it actually started out to prevent masturbating so it forced you out into the real world chasing the real deal .
i 'm pretty sure this is n't a black friday ad as these deals are up now .
an exact copy of everything memories and all only they do n't remember dying .
but as of yet there is no evidence they are negligent .
there are only so many companies that can cover contracts of this type .
we all know that it is a minority of your support that are horrible people i do n't believe we judge you all as one supporter base but it 's easy to use language that might imply that .
this is the thing though.. people absolutely do judge every single fan as the same .
its enough to say you are laziale online or have a lazio flare here or wear any sort of lazio branded clothing outside and you are judged .
i live in rome and the only thing i have that i take around with me is a keyring on my house keys .
i have shirts but i havnt worn them in years .
the bullshit that the normal fans have to put up with thanks to the actions of these braindead cunts just isnt worth the effort .
dennis has been an inefficient player his whole career and i 'm not surprised he led russ because russ was horrible from the ft line last year and from anywhere beyond 0-3 feet .
tl dr girlfriend says she wants to bang another guy does n't want me to bang another girl .
does n't want us to bang anymore despise satisfying her .
bro 1 year from now you are gon na read what you wrote here and mentally kick yourself
it seems that shipping price is a little bit higher than the cost of the book itself .
the german shepherd and the saint bernard is a good example of why purebreads is a bad idea and should be avoided .
both have a high risk of developing hip dysplasia .
another example is the cavalier king charles spaniel whom by the age of five more than half of them will develop mitral valve disease a serious heart disease .
a dog with a nice appearence is worth nothing compared to all the genetic diseases they most likely will carry on or even die from .
all the arlong park forum is having the same problem .
most millennials probably have n't heard of ok boomer along with nearly all boomers .
it 's not that hard a mission but my god is san andreas a frustrating game .
there are so many awesome plot directions they could of taken and just went for the easy option .
if it 's for the views would n't they have killed her ?
every other video they broadcast is someone dying so why just take her powers ?
and if he weak from her attacking him could n't he have waited the extra 2 seconds tyreen needed to turn her into a husk ?
i did n't see a fix for the spotter perk not working in ffa mode please fix that .
no gon na lie as a 27 year old guy .
haha yes we are alts and you are immature joe mama is that all you can say ?
u are not 23 lol also we have a totally different post history he 's had his acc for 6 years are u even thinking before u say this shit ?
it was about that time i realise that girl u/scoutu was an 8 story tall crustacean from the paleozoic era .
oof ... you need double the size of the game you want to update because the console copy the game and delete the old '' version after the update ...
dont act stupid if the console says they need more space they useally need more space..
shadow blade is overrated even on bladesingers if you ask me .
like that kind of damage per attack while also having a high ac is nice at first glance but by that point in the campaign you probably have a magic weapon .
cant forget that the spell results in a conflict with using your bonus action to enter a bladesong .
also you 'd be concentrating on the shadow blade spell when instead you could concentrate on something like animate objects if the whole dpr '' thing appeals to you or wall of force .
nah glaz just made a new friend who can camp on rooftops with him wait for 3 teammates to die then wait for the timer to reach 0:30 before deciding to move to the objective .
i 'm devastated that it 's not being released until january in the uk .
waited 2 years already another 2 months is just plain cruel !
the huge window is nice but the ceiling is so tall compared to the actual size of the room and there are just walls all around at eyes level .
also the way you arranged your furniture does n't make much sense imho it looks untidy and cold .
i would not feel cozy in there matter of fact that 's the opposite of cozy .
kommt stark drauf an ob es ein hackfleischspieß '' oder ein normaler dönerspieß ist oder sogar ein selbstgemachter mit echtem fleisch und keinem hackfleisch .
just keep handling him in short bursts while offering treats .
there will also be a 6 flanking line 9 deep strike denial line objective marker radius length of path measurements around terrain radial measurements around bases for auras and range finding ...
and it will support multiplayer in the second major release and customizable ui to fit your paint scheme ...
oh and persistent annotations on the table so you can make notes like wound markers without ever touching a model or leaving a die on the table .
the emperor protects but rightful ruler saves you time .
sooo what would you have arthas do in what clearly strikes as a ‘arthas ascended the throne ' au skin ? ?
not wear the crown that comes with the title/job ?
i 'm wondering if it got you just by saying the monthly equivalent value of the full price and you skipped over something or they just straight dicked you
yo do you have a time when this update launches ?
because i am in kosovo for 6 months and my internet is very slow so i can start the download punctually when it comes out
nothing special to get a tested machine these days ...
to be fair almost everything can be a tool for smoking weed .
wait till the mother finds boku no pico and reaches enlightenment
zur handyversicherung schutzhülle und panzerglas sind günstiger und erhalten dir zusätzlich auch einen kleinen wiederverkaufswert in 2-3 jahren .
boxer briefs long johns tucked in long john shirt tucked in shirt pants sweater then the bibs .
sometimes i just take off my jacket and pull all my tops up unzip the bibs and just grab all my junk after digging thru 25 layers and pray i do n't piss on myself .
indeed tobacco naturally contains a number of different β-carbolines that act mostly as rimas .
the specific β-carbolines present belong to a class sometimes referred to as the 'harmala alkaloids ' which are better known for occurring in the ayahuasca vine and in syrian rue seeds .
they include but not limited to harmine harmaline tetrahydroharman .
some have other activities like inhibiting sert or negative allosteric modulation of gaba-a receptors .
i 'm looking for conservative commentary on the roger stone trial .
greenland belongs to the people living there if we want independence and we are the majority we have every right to demand it and if denmark refuses well lets just see what the eu would say about this totalitarian dictatorship pretty sure the u.s.a would n't like denmark breaking international law and violating human rights either .
for me it 's law school but i 'm broke so no chance i have a b.a
that would be like having an irak 2.0 '' right at your us backyard but i guess we dont have much of a choice p
taking a joke is obviously not one of them .
as a runner i have found myself lacking the motivation to get in my weekly runs in due to a limited schedule in-game goals work etc ...
but this project was eye-opening and as the winter approaches i might go find myself an exercise bike !
if you update mobile then you wo n't get the new button
1. erik actually looks kinda healthy in this one ?
5. is this the first aspect ratio change in internet comment etiquette ?
6. pretty sure you need to be high on salvia to understand the plot of mulholland drive
i got your disney character erik billy the big money babboon
9. did n't know robot got that human upgrade .
anytime i see a reference to queens ny i 'll never not say out loud you kidding i am queens boulevard ''
nurk is the best defender on our team and is amazing in pick and roll offense
one other person in er also with a head injury and waited 4 hours before bitching out the only nurse there about the mri he needed .
then they sent him home with the wrong medication .
it may be better where you are but it is not universal .
and i 'm in a big city and this was the biggest hospital in the city .
ok well i 'm not sure if you 're a troll stupid or insane to think that you 'd have the first idea how i behave in real life .
i 'm the only one of us who knows that and so i can be confident in assuring you you 're wrong .
the reason i 'm on here in the first place is because i care about men like i care about all humans actually
hey i saw your dangers knightmares kaijus super poly true draco core have binder https reddit.app.link/pkygg5jfs1
the smartest way i can think of trading for a project like this if you know nothing is to buy a company similar to one that is trending upward .
like if pepsi is going up start buying coca-cola because it will probably go up too .
i mean this was bond to happen him signing a new contract or plotting his move was always going to happen given the two options .
kid likes psg and wants the team to compete but it has a lack of history and prestige in the ucl that makes it seem hard for them to win even if he pops off on the competition .
if psg ca n't get to the final this season or next given how much they 've improved he 'll end up going to madrid cause with madrid they always have a chance to win .
➤ do not entertain private messages reddit chat invites or friend-requests on steam unless the same user leaves a comment on this thread banned scammers will see this post and pm you but can not post here .
➤ a quick search of someone 's reddit username on the universal scammer list https universalscammerlist.com/search.php and their steam profile on steamrep http steamrep.com steamtrades https www.steamtrades.com is absolutely recommended before committing to a trade .
always copy-paste into these websites instead of typing nolife can be easily misinterpreted or misrepresented as nollfe or n0life .
➤ cryptocurrencies and paypal personal payments friends family are as good as irreversible in nature you can not get your money back once it 's sent .
paypal purchase payments goods services offer a certain degree of protection to buyers for a nominal fee you can dispute such payments if in case something goes wrong with the trade .
➤ for your own good spend a few minutes going through this safety guide https www.reddit.com/r/steamgameswap/wiki/safetrading that outlines how best you can protect yourself against scammers and common scam tactics .
ignoring this recommendation could very well result in you getting scammed you have been warned .
➤ we have announced a few rule changes in this town hall thread https www.reddit.com/r/steamgameswap/comments/b6vxwt/announcement_sgs_accepting_moderator_applications read through the post at-least once to avoid getting banned because of the new policies in place .
➤ if you have any questions or need assistance with something message the moderators or jump into the chat-room of our official steam group https steamcommunity.com/groups/redditgameswap .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/steamgameswap if you have any questions or concerns .
depending on how prominent you want it i would go in the 1 1.5 range
took four days off for the release of classic wow .
not really to spend all day playing but so i could spend time with the family and still put in a few hours of gaming during the day .
this will be my 3rd election in this sub and it goes the same way every time for the last two occasions
i am a man among men i want all of them and i specially want avenger medusa most of then all i specifically mean it when i say it i really want '' her .
how high chances do you think asim has to win this season ?
he 's the only one who seems sensible and a selfmade recent fanbase .
mostly because they have pr and get support from the show itself .
that is one sad kitty please take him home and show him happy !
you could easily equip a civic or corolla to that price .
but you 'd never get an interior as nice as the mazda 's no matter what options you check
i like to imagine the drama on the inhabitable planets these stars may have served .
did they intelligent life observe the coming phases and work together to develop the technology to survive/escape in time ...
this way you 're guaranteed to not see the camper sitting in the dark corner .
the alternative is let 's get rid of slurs and make sure 100 of people are nice to each other all the time .
so you might as well be offended all the time .
i am allowed to sell beer and wine on ebay but i went through the proper channels to get a license and approval through ebay .
with it it 's perfectly fine assuming you follow the law .
he became a fox news guy he is n't doing it for free .
couldnt it be argued that its just part of the skillgap and people should learn to do it if they want to compete at their top potential ?
depending on where you are positioned when the wave hits it can be seemingly impossible to retreat .
i was stuck behind a car with no cover near me when they started blacking limbs instantly .
if they keep this feature '' i think it would be tuned .
after so many kills it should quiet down imo .
done this three times i wis dells about 10 years ago .
apparently there was an accident and they closed it down .
yup he would be nanned there ias well if i was a mod for that sub .
i 'm interested in seeing level 49 twinks who go in to do old raids at level '' since the raids will be scaled for them with this .
imagine being able to do ulduar firelands blackrock foundry black temple etc .
all available to you scaled to your level on a single character .
it 'll probably require many less people than originally since i remember playing a 70 twink in tbc content with only like 10 people but that 'll still be pretty fun
i 'd say it 's likely because you 're being dishonest but i 'm betting that it 's just because you 're dumb and have no clue how to use reddit formatting .
importance severely energy-restricted diets are the most effective dietary obesity treatment .
however there are concerns regarding potential adverse effects on body composition .
objective to compare the long-term effects of weight loss via severe vs moderate energy restriction on lean mass and other aspects of body composition .
design setting and participants the type of energy manipulation for promoting optimum metabolic health and body composition in obesity tempo diet trial was a 12-month single-center randomized clinical trial .
a total of 101 postmenopausal women aged 45 to 65 years with body mass index calculated as weight in kilograms divided by height in meters squared from 30 to 40 who were at least 5 years after menopause had fewer than 3 hours of structured physical activity per week and lived in the sydney metropolitan area of new south wales australia were recruited between march 2013 and july 2016 .
data analysis was conducted between october 2018 and august 2019 .
intervention participants were randomized to either 12 months of moderate 25 35 energy restriction with a food-based diet moderate intervention or 4 months of severe 65 75 energy restriction with a total meal replacement diet followed by moderate energy restriction for an additional 8 months severe intervention .
both interventions had a prescribed protein intake of 1.0 g/kg of actual body weight per day and physical activity was encouraged but not supervised .
main outcomes and measures the primary outcome was whole-body lean mass at 12 months after commencement of intervention .
secondary outcomes were body weight thigh muscle area and muscle function strength bone mineral density and fat mass and distribution measured at 0 4 6 and 12 months .
results a total of 101 postmenopausal women were recruited mean sd age 58.0 4.2 years mean sd weight 90.8 9.1 kg mean sd body mass index 34.4 2.5 .
compared with the moderate group at 12 months the severe group lost more weight effect size −6.6 kg 95 ci −8.2 to −5.1 kg lost more whole-body lean mass effect size −1.2 kg 95 ci −2.0 to −0.4 kg and lost more thigh muscle area effect size −4.2 cm2 95 ci −6.5 to −1.9 cm2 .
however decreases in whole-body lean mass and thigh muscle area were proportional to total weight loss and there was no difference in muscle handgrip strength between groups .
total hip bone mineral density effect size −0.017 g/cm2 95 ci −0.029 to −0.005 g/cm2 whole-body fat mass effect size −5.5 kg 95 ci −7.1 to −3.9 kg abdominal subcutaneous adipose tissue effect size −1890 cm3 95 ci −2560 to −1219 cm3 and visceral adipose tissue effect size −1389 cm3 95 ci −1748 to −1030 cm3 loss were also greater for the severe group than for the moderate group at 12 months .
conclusions and relevance severe energy restriction had no greater adverse effect on relative whole-body lean mass or handgrip strength compared with moderate energy restriction and was associated with 2-fold greater weight and fat loss over 12 months .
however there was significantly greater loss of total hip bone mineral density with severe vs moderate energy restriction .
therefore caution is necessary when implementing severe energy restriction in postmenopausal women particularly those with osteopenia or osteoporosis .
dr seimon reported serving on the nestlé health science optifast vlcd advisory board .
dr gibson reported receiving payment from the pharmacy guild of australia and from nestlé health science for presentations at conferences .
dr fernando reported being employed by the university of sydney as a tutor .
dr markovic reported serving on the novonordisk obesity advisory board and the nestlé health science optifast vlcd advisory board receiving funds for performing a clinical trial from the australian egg corporation and giving talks on obesity for novonordisk .
dr center reported receiving support and honoraria for educational talks and/or advisory meetings from amgen teva pharmaceutical industries and bayer and receiving an investigator-sponsored grant from amgen .
dr caterson reported being a past president of the world obesity federation receiving funds for performing clinical trials from the national health and medical research council of australia sfi the australian egg corporation novo nordisk bristol-myers squibb and pfizer giving talks on obesity for servier laboratories and novo nordisk chairing the independent steering committee for the action io study and receiving grants from rhythm pharmaceuticals .
dr sainsbury reported owning 50 of the shares in zuman international which receives royalties for books she has written and payments for presentations at industry conferences receiving presentation fees and travel reimbursements from eli lilly and co the pharmacy guild of australia novo nordisk the dietitians association of australia shoalhaven family medical centres the pharmaceutical society of australia and metagenics and serving on the nestlé health science optifast vlcd advisory board from 2016 to 2018 .
funding/support this work was supported by the national health and medical research council of australia via early career research fellowship 1072771 to dr seimon and fellowship 1122190 to dr keating as well as a project grant 1026005 to drs caterson byrne and sainsbury and senior research fellowships 1042555 and 1135897 to dr sainsbury .
the university of sydney and the endocrine society of australia additionally supported this work via a sydney outstanding academic researcher fellowship to dr sainsbury and a postdoctoral research award to dr seimon .
the australian government department of education and training also contributed to this research via an australian postgraduate award to dr gibson and an international postgraduate research scholarship to dr fernando .
the rebecca l. cooper medical research foundation and the university of sydney/national health and medical research council of australia provided grants that contributed to the purchase of equipment used for this trial .
dr grieve acknowledges the support of the sydney medical school foundation the heart research institute the frecker family trust the parker hughes bequest and the university of sydney .
dr liu was supported in part by grant k24hl13632 from the national heart lung and blood institute .
for the tempo diet trial prima health solutions brookvale new south wales australia provided in-kind support in the form of below-cost kicstart meal replacement products shakes and a gift of associated adherence tools shakers .
this relationship with prima health solutions was established after the dietary protocol for the tempo diet trial had been established .
tl dr in this group of older women faster weight loss was better for compliance and for achieving greater total fat loss but more attention should to be paid to nutrient intakes and weight-bearing exercise during fast weight loss regimes .
southeast florida especially in the boca raton fort liquordale '' miami area .
lmao you literally said it looks like trash and it looks like a shitty cut spring job on a civic .
you 're just trying to save face bc i called your ass out .
be more respectful of other people 's builds man we 're supposed to building each other up out here .
political career. the article you link clearly says she left the republican party well before she entered politics .
you don´t want a significant other who loves you and has deep intimate feelings for you ?
bruh this is a three day old discussion thread how and why did you find this
you did a wonderful thing to save a person 's life.a good restful sleep is the difference between making good life choices or poor ones.the person who was homeless had the gift of your trust !
yeah but he had a huge ego so saying he was wrong quite a bit probably fucks with him if he ever searches himself .
battery https myanimelist.net/anime/32947 is a coming of age drama that uses baseball as an aesthetic .
unfortunately it was only ever compared to traditional sports anime instead of similar sports dramas .
production wise the show has few flaws and it 's probably one of the highest quality shows rated under 6 .
wizardry https myanimelist.net/anime/1076 is a low budget d d style adventure anime with a similar aesthetic to record of lodoss war although it pales in comparison .
as far as classic high fantasy goes it 's still a decent watch despite it 's short length .
cipher https myanimelist.net/anime/11867 is an 80s music inspired ova that is one of the most unique out there .
the soundtrack is comprised of actual 80s licensed music and the dialogue is limited to these mtv-style interviews where the characters speak engrish .
although the story is unexplained and almost non-existent there is still enough to keep the viewer interested .
the weirdest part of this one has to be the 15-minute making of segment that follows the 25-minute ova where the crew basically pats themselves on the back which alludes to the fact that it was more of a new york city vacation than anything more serious .
and yet it still worked out pretty well for both teams
angela rayner for labour leader please shit would be unreal 🤣🤣🤣
had a seated bungee and the guy that checks my safety belt pull out a fake safetybelt before launching me .
we 're expected to memorize every exonerating nuance of the deflategate and spygate scandals but bring up ray lewis and r/nfl devolves into the comments section of a youtube video . ''
religion people every society forever and will be has some sort of religion people need salvation like they need acceptance .
call religion what you will but everyone has some form of it it 's humans that do fucked up shit whether they justify it for whatever reason is beside the point .
obviously an exaggeration but it was a lot more objective focused than mw
i find saks sharpen rather easy and you dont have to go crazy with them so go with a 600-1k edge no stropping and you should be good .
pretty much like all my debates with blinded liberals .
i just answered ghost recon is supposed to be a tactical shooter not a looter shooter '' in every text field .
additionally the first option for things you want in gr '' is remove tiered loot . ''
as much as all these whales are yelling at you to wait they are right .
but i got a belrain to 10 star and do n't feel regrets about it she helped my team loads .
i loved using a ring sling but other people i know never liked them .
my advice is try out a few different kinds of carriers mei tie ring sling wrap tula ... and see what you like .
it will also vary by the age of the baby and what you 're using it for .
for example i loved using the ring sling when i was running errands as i could pop the babe in and out of it easily but for long days out i preferred something like the tula .
i blame the nba season for the drop in ratings .
hard to compete when nba is on around the same time
i love the feeling of finding a treasure at a thrift store or resale place haha !
curious too.. on the top i would say yes ...
it does use https and i would definitely recommend getting an actual ssl cert can get one for free from letsencrypt .
definitely use your best security practices here as well if its internet facing .
if she 's not reaching out her interest level is very low .
it will utterly destroy any ability for conservatives to win national and increasingly state elections .
our culture will become a mix of latino culture and neoliberal degeneracy .
i mean it depends if there was a car like the rimmac no but a little coupe i think would be ok .
you do n't like it do n't play the ops .
before impacts the only ways to open walls were with a shotgun or using a nitro .
impacts now give serval defenders ways to reshape the map .
you can impact trick with them or occasionally kill a dbno enemy but that 's about it .
closing your eyes and listening to music on ketamine is nice at pretty much any dose they 'd give you in an infusion .
it can get really intense out of body experience crazy visuals ect .
but it always seems to come with far less anxiety than other psychedelics
but you also have to factor in some of his insane jutsu like shuriken shadow clone multi shadow clone and that one ash jutsu
no you threw a temper tantrum like a 5 year old .
disregarding my questions diving further into your own delusional world and not in any way shape or form providing answers that specifically addressed to the question asked or you just asked a question .
the funding or how much of it is n't the problem !
it 's the lack of direction and regulation that 's fucking things up .
australia has govt sponsored student loans too as does the uk germany france new zealand .
what they also have is a government sanctioned price ceiling on domestic degrees calculate interest owed based on cpi and only start garnishing from pre tax money after reaching minimum salary levels .
my cs/business double degree was from an g8 university in australia and cost 27k .
my partners medical degree was from ucl ranked 8th in the world and cost £10,000 in student loans .
meanwhile someone doing law or med from a prestigious university in the us is looking at 450k and change and will be paying that down for life .
fundamentally the main benefit of the single payer system in any industry is the ability to tell suppliers to fuck off if they do n't want to accept the regulations being set .
free enterprise works well in luxury good markets but in necessity markets it fails spectacularly because businesses need profits and growth to succeed and necessity based markets do n't provide that .
many voters are sick of being told that small government is best and that private enterprise will drop prices only to look at their rising bills for toll roads power and gas internet and other modern necessities and feel conned because they were .
i 'd make s1mple go back to awping and get qikert
theres one guy in particular thats gunna shut this amazing concept down .
the guy that talks to much on the smite update streams..the reason we dont get summer of smite anymore..funny he was the one that announced it himself .
the sole reason i went from 5 matches a day and buying everyskin to 1 or two matches a week and not buying skins at all this past year .
the guy that basicly runs the show and ruined smite for me .
the guy thats basicly scared of women it seems .
even if they took the concept he is gunna take it as is and against everyone elses will tell the team to cover it up with bs cut down on the thicc and just not let it bee
but you 're talking about apples and oranges here .
you 're asking if we could take military action against china then finish your question by saying a boycott is impossible '' .
a boycott on the other hand implies grassroots efforts by private citizens .
there is a huge range of options between those two things .
the u.s. government can prohibit trade with china without actually blowing up its ships .
my mom got realy mad at me for looking at the s*x stuff !
that 's fair but call of cthulhu is as traditional a ttrpg as d d .
a video game modeled after it is far from tapping into tabletop 's creative renaissance . ''
if only there was some journalistic entity made of professionals who paid attention to the methodology employed by these pollsters and provided ratings for them based on their accuracy and methodology .
pick a respectable poll and dig into its methodology and show me the evidence to the contrary .
i figured the other samurai would as well but when i went to look no one else had it .
he was pretty busy looting highgarden and getting burned alive .
bawitdaba dabang a band diggy diggy diggy said the boogie said up jump the boogie
some phones have screens that are designed to work with gloves such as the cat phones .
i owned three of them but i never got to try it with gloves .
i had n't thought of that but yeah i think you 're right .
always put ulpt '' at the start of your submission title .
if you are submitting a request prefix your title with ulpt request '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unethicallifeprotips if you have any questions or concerns .
i knew they were fakes but i wanted them to be legit .
the trailer is misleading in the same way that writing 50 off all products while doubling everything 's before-sale price is misleading .
they 're both technically correct but many consumers would understandably not read between the lines because it 's reasonable to assume that the most logical scenario is truly what 's being advertised
my favorite orion was the one where it had a more starliner looking service module and a giant sm engine .
destruction of corals land reclamation managed to find some thought-extinct snek haze
claw blade probably or blade just as a literary device
i have n't seen a kiosk in that structure so i 'm not sure .
i bought mine online the day of it 's all digital now so you do n't need to print anything out .
hunting your own food is ecologically friendly healthy and ethical .
the only paint pack i bought was the breast cancer one where 100 of the proceeds are donated to different organizations .
you look like david spade from grown ups if he had a have way sex change performed by the person who took the photo .
also your face looks like a kindergarten finger painting .
build for 6s there 's no longer a benefit to build using 4s components if you are starting new
3000 mmr players are closer to complete utter trash in a harsh way id call them alright than top 10 .
the real top 10 players are below 3000 mmr .
pretty sure majority of the true top 100 players are below 3000 mmr .
these discussions are genuinely laughable to actual top players .
coming from ex challenger trolled my way casually to multiple 3k mmr accs in the past you should feel sorry about ur wild misunderstandings .
is anyone playing call of duty modern warfare remastered mp ?
i was looking at the steam charts and the player level seemed pretty low is the multiplayer community pretty much dead for that game ?
cod4 was one of my favorite shooters and the remaster is on sale right now so i was thinking about getting it .
everyone at my gym is either a fat ass a beanpole or a genetic freak .
lol 😂 i just love how anyone can edit on wikipedia it makes for some interesting things !
the thing about religion in general is that it 's a tough term to nail down .
lots of people think that a belief system must have a god or deity to be a religion when in fact there are religions out there that do n't even have supernatural elements to them secular humanism and satanic temple satanism come to mind .
sounds like a lot then you shoot some chrome ...
the lower skill ceiling combined with high elements of chance really is key here .
a simple focused drybrush of a lighter version of each color over each group will take this another level up .
these are without a doubt the most stunningly gorgeous nurglings i 've ever had the honor of looking at .
you have surpassed every precedent and have frankly made my entire year .
way to suck the enthusiasm straight back out of me again .
i agree though if you are not aware of the horror you wo n't see it if it happens again .
i 'm stuck between two companies that are haggling on who should pay for the second monitor for my staff .
on a single monitor it 's not even big 19 '' single monitor .
i 'm amazed they get through anything in a day ud have imagined at least three monitors given what they do .
we possibly pay in thousands of dollars for other things but need to justify this expenditure up the hierarchy .
in a different office all staff are given one monitor as the default .
it 's like people making decisions are going well i get all my work done on a laptop so nobody needs anything different '' not even better !
just do n't get how they can be selling 10 month old weed .
i though those were just reddit glitching out since it .
no wonder people hated them half the point of reddit is it 's threaded comment system .
not sure how those were supposed to be live '' either they looked like a normal post except for the comments all being locked .
i think i got like an l or l kicking around that i never use .
do not stop filing complaints until you get that 15 back .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
it 's the tank and extra maintenance that i think pushes people away .
also tapp has alot more publicity at the moment and people usually ask me if that 's what it is .
this is going to sound nuts but i stood on mine after i got it just to test it 's durability as i figured if it broke i would have broken it soon anyways and it barely even flexed .
i honestly do n't even want to use my brand new krytac crb because i have way more fun with my pistol .
i 'm just so excited to find out what feckless empty excuse you 're going to use to dodge out of it .
first the most recent admission another person involved directly admitting to quid pro quo .
then donalds ' refusal to deny mulvaney 's admission from last month and then mulvaney 's admission again in case you missed it where he admits to quid pro quo and tells people to 'get over ' the president committing a felony .
max every sneak perk over 15 agility max light frame extra light armor mods and i ca n't talk anywhere without being spotted .
the design is gorgeous but the flipper is not .
and yet people are still gon na watch it and nothing will change .
it might be inaccurate translation i 'm only a beginner in arabic .
but there 's no point arguing with a democratic boomer .
why are no democrat voters banned from the lf conference that 's my question .
there 's a difference between running around a yard to play and running running .
i hope you 're talking about letting her run around the yard or running running in very very short bursts .
i 'm surprised the vet office you go to does n't see a problem with running a lab that young when the breed is already prone to joint/hip issues .
ok high wall pw is trade red nirnroot is the summoner
the ending of this movie will suck the breath out of your lungs enjoy
i mean okay monkeyballs you gon na shovel the coal then ?
let me see if i can post the before photo
i love e7 as well and gave up on my super lucky account as what frustrated me the most was gameplay rng and the recent rebalance just made the rng worse with more 50 to do stuff '' .
hence why i wanted to try crossing void but the server disconnects are not letting me t t
it was such a grind to get the 6 pieces challenging battle and then a bit of a let down it does n't have a badge for it as a reward .
paying through the nose to purify the mons for the quest before sending them all to the grinder was awful .
i 'm afraid they 'll have us do it again every month !
i was excited i saw a leaked photo and i have 3 specials coming now i have 2 .
you know for damn sure i 'm going the second day !
people judge you by your actions you judge yourself by the thoughts in your head ''
i emailed the taz max fun address asking about music over the summer and they were pretty quick to get back to me !
it 's turned into my way of life honestly .
this sub introduced me to the idea and i 've been constantly losing weight .
if you do n't have the ingredients make something else .
honestly if you are doing raid for personal reasons anything will do.. its just a nas..
it does very well at very low power and can transcode 1 1080p stream just fine ... however since 1155 is now dirt cheap on ebay i just bought a i5-3570s on a intel dh77df mini itx because it takes ddr3 still and i got both for 75 for 4x my current performance not that i need it as my tv direct plays literally everything just fine but sometimes when i stream from a hotel i worry about interupting my wifes playback
probably r/tumblr if you want a better sub to post in ?
they should never take out search for cyber attack .
the way the industry has been heading super casual friendly .
basically telling players like yourself that you learned how to play for nothing '' .
just blindly get to the middle and pew pew .
i felt they could 've done a short segment at least on the road to full gear show they had on youtube .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
i woke up after one morning and it looked like i had gotten breast implants haha you will know when your milk arrives .
is your baby 's weight ok any concerns with jaundice did your doctor tell you to put baby on a feeding schedule ? !
if no jaundice and no concerns about weight where i am they were concerned if baby lost more then 10 of their birth weight before being discharged from hospital .
i was instructed to feed baby every 2 hours until my 1 week check and weight in .
if baby is sleeping then wake to feed ever 2 hours .
i did this until my milk came in on day4 for me once my milk arrived i did 2 hours in the day and let my daughter tell me overnight when she wanted to eat .
she might not poop until your milk arrives that is fine .
you can tell if your baby is receiving enough by the wet diapers in 24 hours they usually say diapers per days old so 4 diapers .
then once your milk arrives it will be about 6 ish diapers per day .
if your baby seems very fussy and wo n't sleep osettle then keep offering the boob the more you feed the more it will signal your body to produce and the hormones will get your milk to arrive .
you can suppliment at any time really if you feel the need too .
my emotions were crazy for the first month crying for no eason ups and downs and everything .
just breathe sounds like you are doing everything right .
also make sure to offer both breasts during each feeding baby will stop when they are full and if she is able to sleep and be satisfied then that is a good sign she is full .
some of the episodes play but then some lady comes on and says the content is currently unavailable but some work
so cute if this had encoders it would be a sweet lil sound voltex controller .
because think about it if science was right all along every other religion would definitely start having a cult like following and mindset of get rid of the heretic '' and that 'd be the first time religions would agree on something and it 'd be fucking terrifying .
what do i have to do to lay next to this ?
this one just was n't sour/tart enough for me .
i 'll be the acting chief of police for the night .
i 've been craving some fft for years now .
u have 22 countries and fucked by 1 small jewish state lmao .
get a 30 butte set and do it yourself !
will save you a lot of headache in the long run !
i see them heavily utilizing forms iii and vi myself high defense paired with force abilities to control their opponents .
but when they 're off duty they 're able to practice whichever form they see fit as is the case with most jedi .
it would n't be a stretch to say a jedi who uses form iv might work in some of that form into their temple guard duty if needed .
that being said i can understand some people find his mannerisms annoying .
yeah he 's either 13 or 14 now and he still comes on
i think the better word is that they are the most vocal .
i do machine learning model performance analysis and occasionally some signal processing .
back in the good old days i did a lot of pde solving for astrophysical simulations but it was all numerical .
i 'm sure there are connections in there to topology somewhere but i suspect most if not all of what i 've done professionally could have been done in a world where topology had n't been invented .
no you do not just put someone 's stuff outside to get them to leave .
if you have a problem you talk to her and let her know she needs to leave .
putting her suitcase outside makes you look like a kid who ca n't communicate with people and it is totally rude !
offer to take her car to get the oil changes so she can be on her way .
let her know that you need some downtime due to your schedule and you will be happy to pay to have her car repaired .
but do n't be a jerk it 's only been a week .
also she may honestly have no idea she is overstaying her welcome .
with our travels we usually stay with family or have them stay with us 2 weeks or more .
which way do you want face when you ride me ?
i practiced for some months was lucid in a dream and summoned a succubus into the dream .
was not even sexual the first time she just wanted to talk to me .
happy for the guy going to be missed on the team
blazers and mavs are beatable the la games we need a miracle
true sakura saying she caught up to naruto and sasuke is up there too
all i had to do was see the name and it just got stuck in my head .
the sumerians who fought in the first war in recorded history .
https imgur.com/a/7deu9wz 2019 ipad air ipados 13.2.2 latest version of app .
i do n't have a source but i was under the impression that children are still born during the millennium .
i 've also heard that children who die before the age of accountability 8 will be raised by their parents during the millennium .
this drawing seems much more detailed than the normal version .
i 've never seen partial judgement '' depicted nor do i remember it being taught .
je suis actuellement dans l'indre pour une formation de 1 an dans un métier du bâtiment .
nah go away angry internet random your powers are void here .
i do footwork against a wall at home probably 3x like stepping in for all of my forward type throws and use that foot work for all of my go to throws
so pretty much o goshi kouchi gari uchi mata seio nage and rarely koshi garuma
i basically keep a straight arm to the wall and take a small step in and a turning step so that i turn 180 degrees with my feet right together
so ya do you know better ways to practice kuzushi and how often should i practice it
at that point it 's time to just give up and go back to bed .
i 've actually come across this-in all my years of life one dude declined my advances bc he was happily taken
a 14 day national and international market place where medium and small companies sell their products .
it has a celebratory festive nature to it like fairs usually do .
i am already living there so i am assuming that means my lease is effective ?
i also renewed my lease on oct 30th for the next coming school year .
only on this sub is rape used as a good adjective
cuz of server maintenance i have a glitch where it does n't count my wins
and the opponent starts with 100 health while i start with 50
just like trump supporters they bought in early with a fanciful idea of what he represents to them ubi in his case but no matter how much trash he heaps on top of it they wrap themselves in that impression until it becomes literally cult like .
look to how they all reacted to him setting up a superpac .
even when it 's completely antithetical to what they supposedly believe in they 'll follow him off of any cliff .
maybe nintendo will announce a switch version for next year 's e3 .
c'mon man how the hell am i supposed to choose between this and petite mona ? ! ?
well i guess it 's this mona from now on and then i get to see petite mona every other weekend during visitations .
i 've been hearing both talked about as big deals and they seem like the weakest in the division to me .
eat a big salty dick if your not gon na help then bye
yeah but each of the four heroes were into some nerdy subgenre .
i think two of them were into mmos another movies and naofumi into manga .
that 's at least what i think i remember 🤷🏼‍♂️😂
but how would this not be with the interstate commerce clause ?
its the interstate trade of cars and there emission standards .
i agree that it probably unconstitutional and that no one wants to touch it .
and i do n't like that the feds can do it .
but for the clean air act which i also support '' to work well there needs to be some uniformity .
but as things are now car manufactures just follow california rules because they are stricter so the fact that they can have there own standards that end up setting things for the whole county is not right .
it took me so long to get into their last album because i just so stubbornly believed that this could n't be topped .
still an underrated release because of how colossal the odessey was .
damn it you made me go watch it all over again😉
im addicted to ark and atlas with atlas taking the lead this week .
i ca n't believe it took me so long to find these games .
i might update my 7 days to die soon to checkout their latest update
lmao me too especially the start i do n't know why
i 'm going to be honest with you all i think you need one person to take the lead and delegate to the others
imagine actually believing this after the report came out lol
i 'd rather have something new than what we 've seen .
both roy and wally have live action adaptions that currently exist as well as featuring heavily on yj so for this i 'd rather we do something new or introduce characters that have n't actually had an adaption yet .
were i live we have both lima the small green one and limon the big yellow one .
and tarasenko got injured because stl showed off by winning the cup last year .
winning games showing off teams looking to injure is among the worst takes i 've ever seen on here and that 's including the guy that wanted to redo the playoffs when chicago lost .
he 's going to be one of those sweet faced little bastards you just ca n't say no to .
i 'm gon na sound like such an ass because i ca n't remember names here but that new english girl and the thicc girl from the tag match this week are my current favorites in the division .
baker needs to turn heel and work her way back up .
great example of how the pyramid system eventually runs out of people .
what starts with them hustling their friends and families ends with them chasing people around department stores like a methhead trying to score .
i seriously considered naming our daughter elizabeth until my husband told me he wanted to call her lizzie .
eliza libby beth ... all fine but i hate liz and lizzie can too easily become liz
do n't think you are going to find anything .
realizing the my grandmother would be the one to find me or identify my body .
oh shit you might just wan na rma that sounds like a hardware issue .
i 've never tasted the soap taste but i have thought the smell of cilantro is similar to stink bugs .
i just thought the response in the end was kinda funny .
pay attention on your time use will make your coil last longer
manual trigger only auto mode will not work on this type of coil because its have a very small hole
i was chain smokers 40 bars of cigaretes a day
2 coils 0.3 only last 1 day with 60:40 liquid
my current liquid is 6mg nic 30:70 pg vg for freebase 0.3 coil 35watt
if it 's not torture then why would it work as a tool to extract information ?
it 's just a part of the culture especially for those traveling abroad .
i once read aloud the first 200 digits of pi while on lsd .
it was quite satisfying and there seemed to be quite an obvious pattern to it .
honestly i 've seen way more people talking it up than bashing it .
everyone who has anything negative to say gets told they 're a hater and hate jerking .
maybe there really are people that just do n't like it .
personally i 'm not going to play it because i know i wo n't like it .
i want developers and publishers to learn its okay to take chances .
gosh is n't it the worst that now you have to worry about just living your life and possibly being harassed or assaulted ?
ok so i think i can give you a satisfactory answer to this .
lets see if i can go down point by point .
realizing this especially coming from the usual modern upbringing as substance dualist/closed individualist realizing this is very hard to do .
it 's based on the heap paradox 1 grain of sand is n't a heap but a trillion might be where is the hard cutoff ? . ''
when it comes to consciousness there is only 1 grain of sand .
what does n't make sense though is that consciousness can not be all there is .
the alpha and omega as the bible would put it .
there is no rational explanation for this you just have to experience this for yourself .
the methods i mentioned and the people i mentioned will help you with this .
if consciousness were somehow all there was why must one experience the passage of time ?
why must one 's experience of going through a doorway happen at all ?
surely if consciousness were all there was desire would be mediated by nothing it would instantly obtain .
that it does n't and that we can describe why it does n't with laws of physics should tell us there is something else there . ''
why would consciousness if it is already full project itself a reality with so many seemingly downright weird things ?
i think that because the experience of a manifested world is pretty delightful when you know who you really are so its worth going through the pain right ?
i dont think many people say its not worth it in the end .
and you cant ever have one thing without the other you know .
the reason you know good times is because you contrast them with its opposite .
like if the only color there was was green you wouldnt know it was green .
because implicit in the word green '' is the fact that it is not not green .
its of itself and its not what its not .
and because it has a boundary there has to be an edge to that boundary because obviously you cant have a boundary without an edge with what its not outside of it otherwise there would be no boundary it would just go on forever .
so is green is green because its green but because of also what is not green .
so there is no more or less '' consciousness .
metacognition spatiotemporal abstraction thoughts feelings personhood these are all contents of consciousness .
you are the type of person whose thirst wont be quenched until they have tasted the real thing .
but what the thing in itself '' is which mediates consciousness and its contents i do n't know but can only describe with classical physics at some scales and as something in superposition described by a wave function which always obeys the schrodinger equation at quantum scale . ''
alright so we are back to this again so ill just repeat a variation of what i said earlier .
but as my favorite book the tao te ching likes to say the tao that can be understood is not the eternal tao . ''
have about 3 shirts with his face on it i wear all the time .
i have hulu so i always watch grey 's anatomy while playing the sims
nope just the light custardy egg slathered in butter .
man buried with man 's best friend so in the afterlife they are not lonely ?
i think it 's fair to ask how big a target estonian elections are relative to us elections .
no doubt someone exists to profit monetarily or otherwise from meddling in an estonian election but do the stand to profit enough to overcome the security ?
estonia is an example of real russian election meddling .
russian hackers have done dos and other attacks on estonian elections in the past .
i 'm stupid and do n't know which story please tell me so i can read it .
i think if it ties loose ends together it would be nice .
and if it actually told the story instead of having them on collectible things like echo logs and artifacts .
i 've missed so much more and i ca n't be bothered to go searching high and low for it .
i was half expecting you to ask for the strongest potions as you were heading into battle
not sure cap would have dusted all the bad guys .
then inverse the square root and times it by how many times stugotz could n't stand up when dianna was around .
i actually had sedano at 5 on the original draft of this but he 's been surpassed in the last few days by izzy dianna and greg just simply enough the three of them have been so essential to keeping stugotz 's ship afloat .
this is a trick question jojo has no bad parts
this statement is a misconception of the true power of balls .
yes pee is stored in the balls but balls can exchange whatever load they carry .
this indicates that if there is pee that needs to be stored while a semen buildup is in the process they will be stored in individual balls .
once pee has been relieved from one of the balls the semen can move to that ball leaving room in the previous ball .
this way pee and semen never touch and one can store semen for longer periods of time without having to worry about daily necessities of having to use the bathroom .
i 've had a lot of fun with guild wars 2 though i 've probably dumped a couple of hundred bucks into it over the years .
there 's a lot to do in the base game and the community is really great .
destiny 2 is also now free to play and i 'm having a ton of fun with it .
the gauge in your ears look awsome and hair color too
two was it says man came from an extract of clay water and dust and i took this to be the first cell all is descendant from .
pedos love to sneak into any position or job that gives them access to the children they crave .
teaching scout leaders disney religious leaders ... it 's all about getting that unwarranted trust and then abusing it to abuse children to satisfy themselves .
one can only hope they have a long painful future in the prison population .
posted this above but reading your post made me want to share my story with you .
technically i was a smoker my entire life being born in 1975 my mom smoked while pregnant with me and even in the hospital there is a picture of her in the hospital bed holding me in one hand and a cigarette in the other .
i began smoking on my own sneaking cigarettes at 11 years old .
by the time i was 38 years old i was was smoking 2-3 packs a day .
i tried to quit so many ways cold turkey patches chantix hypnosis you name it i tried it .
vaping vanilla was the first thing that helped me quit and six years later i 'm still smoke free .
my point is that yes vaping is n't 100 great but it sure is a hell of lot better than smoking .
my taste is better and i can smell things better .
because i had been around smokers all my life i always thought people were blowing it way out of proportion just to feel superior .
because of all this i do n't want flavors or vaping taken away not only from me but from others who might be able to give up that deadly habit which kills 480,000 people a year in the u.s. alone .
so while it 's definitely not 100 safe it 's definitely safer than those death sticks and because of that big tobacco is scared of not having the market cornered on it .
my husband eats bread with pasta when i saw it first time i was confused .
no one is saying that but they 're not included in many programs .
the only correct left-wing position is that women enjoy absolutely no priviliges at all and that blacklivesmatter is a perfect name and organization with zero room for improvement ?
no wonder the right-wing and center seems to be growing .
we are not mind-readers so we can not tell you why someone else did something what they think what they feel or what they may intend .
you can ask for advice on handling a specific situation but not for us to tell you what is inside another person 's mind .
the word peace is subjective but i consider brunei as a quite peaceful and stable country for now .
but i do n't see the current or past islamic leadership bringing brunei to the next level nor increase our stability and prosperity .
facts showing increasing unemployment and crime rate worsening economy and social development ranked top 1 asean when it comes to ranking to do with obesity food wastage etc etc..
i really think the focus now should be on identifying the real solutions and putting efforts in solving our nation 's problems .
but not giving 200 focus on going to the extreme in spreading islam .
i know religion does have positive impact gives people faith/guidance on life
i have no means to attack islam nor any other religion but i do n't think it should be used to oppress/attack other people that do not share the same beliefs .
wish there could be a further explanation on that particular sentence .
i bet she had some awesome stories to tell ...
the genre is infested with ... mras i wan na say ?
they 're doing a biopsy monday morning to determine exactly what kind .
never thought i 'd find myself praying for lymphoma .
i was told that a gypsy was literally just a modern travelling trader who showed up sometimes at carnivals and had that specific culture .
it never occurred to me that race came into it hell i did n't even know they were a race .
just thought anyone could join like the old-timey circuses .
i think you 're missing the point what your aiming for and what you hit in business is regardless .
what they want is to focus on creating manga for young boys regardsless of who buys it in the end .
it 's just hard to understand how a chicken sandwich can be so good that a fast food chain literally ca n't keep it in stock .
although i am no fan of taxes i am not silly enough to think that they are going away however a modest proposal would be to exempt a single-family dwelling up to a certain value say 1 m per taxpayer family but any vacation homes or income producing additional properties or real estate spec or otherwise would have some kind of ad valorem tax .
this is actually how it was before the property tax was altered to include single-family residences to raise money for the french and indian war .
discovery collection is a homage to space discovery and exploration .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/jeremyfrieser if you have any questions or concerns .
these venues are n't like the ones in sims 3 tho .
the moment i consider to 'jump ' the tension has been long gone and there is no reason to get excited .
that 's the reason i still have n't completed it he can stay in the sewers because i 'm not taking him on .
i would say 1.9 is pretty solid though not top tier .
the highest standard '' savings account right now is 2.4 .
the difference between 2.4 and 1.9 would just be around 135 a year if you were to hold all 27000 so it 's not huge .
it 's up to you if you think the process of signing up and dealing with a new account is worth the increase .
and if you are going to sign up for a new account anyway you 'll get more bang for your buck signing up with a decent savings account that has a sign up bonus .
you can easily find bonuses between 200-600 with the requirements typically to fund the account and keep a minimum balance for 90 days and/or make some direct deposits and some of them even have decent interest rates as well .
so you 'd be getting sign up bonuses worth several years of interest .
there are obviously other pros and cons to consider like minimum balance required fees and whether or not you care about physical branches .
overall the capital one savings account is perfectly solid and while you can make more from other savings accounts it really depends on how active you want to be .
if you were with a big national branch bank like chase or bank of america with .1 interest rates i 'd definitely recommend you switch but at 1.9 its really up to you .
and obviously i 've only touched on savings accounts but there are other places to store your cash that you should probably consider .
and probably the most useful part of my post here are the sites i use to track savings accounts
doctor of credit best high interest banking accounts https www.doctorofcredit.com/high-interest-savings-to-get
doctor of credit and deposit accounts are by far the best sites i 've found to track bank account promotions and interest rates .
most other sites i 've found are not nearly as comprehensive nor detailed and most seem to try to push you toward whatever they have sponsored .
he said at the time that they had achieved 250t while 300t was still the aspiration..
then you 're essentially stuck on the train problem .
the woman is unconscious which means that she ca n't agree to an abortion .
forcing that onto her whilst unconscious is like pulling the lever to change the course of the train to kill different people and for me the worst option .
we ca n't force a woman to use her organs against her will but we also ca n't force an abortion onto here .
this is legit the most self aware post here in my opinion
35s should i go for ranger school to rasp or look for smu in ait ?
you spent the vast majority of that budget on food that does not provide calories .
did you spend most of that money on lentils ?
then we 're probably not talking about lentils right now .
this would n't have been in the unpopular opinions thread before we signed him and everyone basically gagged at the idea of harry maguire for 80m .
one day everyone 's lives depend on everything you do the next day you 're watching people at home create conflict over the pettiest shit .
confucius say secretary become permanent fixture when screwed on desk .
just a bot trying to brighten up someone 's day with a laugh .
message me if you have one you want to add . ''
fuck off we are not different from americans this girl is just crazy
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link karma and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
the river 's used for many things and unfortunately garbage disposal is one of them .
i heard the president is about to run a cleaning campaign for the river tho .
it 's a seasonic and especially a seasonic gold .
it 's good quality and you may be able to just push it a little further than lesser tier power supplies at the same wattage .
the same person told me that you should always have 40-50 freed up
that would make most power supplies less efficient and waste power .
on the other hand it may also reduce the temperature more power more heat lowering the aforementioned effect of cheap power supplies lowering in maximum output power when hotter .
if this is a medical emergency please call emergency services as soon as possible !
response times can vary and only moderators are verified medical professionals .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/healthadvice if you have any questions or concerns .
who was it who made those really cool looking super wide wale corduroy trousers ?
they were kind of baggy but tapered to the cuff which finished above the ankle .
they were from a big fashion brand like saint laurent but i ca n't quite remember ...
it just shipped wednesday supposed to be here next wednesday .
i ordered a hat on the 30th and it was in my mailbox on the 2nd of this month .
maybe they sold out of the pins and they were waiting for more stock ?
to 20 before shipping i paid 15 plus 5 shipping maybe trying to even our supply and demand with a price hike because they were selling too many to keep up ?
i 'm just glad it 's on the way .
i 'm a tax accountant and i plan on wearing it attached to my suspenders every day at work .
if people ask or wan na talk about yang i 'm game and if they are super hostile about it i can play dumb and pretend i just got it because i like math .
omg you 're obviously one of those terrible hateful toxic man-babies !
2 months ago i reached kog with vendreads and i used master of rites 2 alexis
sadly i gave up on vendreads after necrovalley was made available in a main box
and let 's not forget one of gabriel 's main motivations for bringing back emilie which he 's expressed multiple times in the past is adrien himself .
i think that 's just the air suspension biting the dust .
i think it 's time you and hubby went and got to know your neighbourhood so you could find some babysitters you can trust in an emergency .
when the ils find out down the line that they are not being called anymore bring this up and point out but your hair is so much more important than your grandchildren so we began to get to know our neighbours so we could have a list of emergency babysitters . ''
i temp in schools and my current role is in welfare so i do n't eat nuts on the job or until the kids go home if i 've been given some so i get how bad anaphylaxis can be .
develop a rapport with people and maybe invite them to try the food your kids can have if it 's an unusual allergy .
second warlock was intended to get pinnacle rewards but if you 're saying they are locked to one per class then i 'll have to rethink my strategy .
besides they orange one they have yet to grow new heads .
if if you 're in uae you will get uae contents only .
and if you 're traveling to another country you will get contents of that country .
the contents you get has nothing to do with the country you signed up for
it could still exist as raid and maybe even gym leader mechanic but having the player unable to use it .
thinking about it the raid mechanic could even be more challenging if it 's a form players ca n't utilize .
you could also make minor changes in hand positioning that could fix it .
of of his advices for side raises is to turn your thumbs up .
america always does the right thing after trying everything else . ''
no need for government at all just use wishy thinking .
... or i could be the type of guy that does n't like when people keep their own comments upvoted .
dupers duplicate items to sell/trade scammers steal from people .
everyone could shit on trump supporters or they could find out why that demographic even wanted to go that way and look towards bringing everyone together that would take malleability from either side and they do n't seem to like that .
bridging that gap and coming together is really the only way to avoid a scenario as hilarious is trump .
well one was fake and one was a murder .
i actually had the bulls eye from a tick bite when i was young but because i did n't want to burden my mother i did n't tell anyone ...
they are all so good and really the heart and soul of the team now .
i follow them on instagram and they seem like really nice cool guys .
fair not pretending to be the expert.. just did a quick google search and thats what i came up with .
only one that beats him is nolan ryan going 1966-1994 .
also getting married for immigration purposes rather than entering a long-term committed relationship is illegal .
on the other hand if you both are committed to spending the rest of your lives together getting a visa through marriage is a good option .
someday i plan to buy or make one of the reusable wooden ones with the wooden doors ...
the tj ones are just little paper ones but it still gets me in the spirit 🎄
yes ... . what you wrote makes sense to me .
it is very true that she is loved very dearly by her friends and family and we are making it known to her that we support her and are pulling for her recovery .
it makes sense to me what you wrote about reflection/mirroring .
and yes it makes sense that i can not change/control the situation but i can accept and support her through wherever this path leads .
i have a better control of sustain and dynamics with higher action .
more force and movement allows more subtle differences and range of playing
i find lower action easier to play and pluck or tapping styles have a little better attack .
you can already take oxytocin in drug form irl lol .
it 's still a growing city a lot of job opportunities and cost of living is still a lot cheaper than neighboring california .
a lot of it has to do with living wages for people with low skills substance abuse mental illness and a broken health care system .
as for housing not being the government 's job i‘m not sure how to respond .
judging from your comment i 'd say your mind is made up .
for everyone else i 'll offer the definitions of the word government .
the political direction and control exercised over the actions of the members citizens or inhabitants of communities societies and states direction of the affairs of a state community etc .
political administration government is necessary to the existence of civilized society .
the purpose of our federal government as found in the preamble of the constitution is to establish justice insure domestic tranquility provide for the common defense promote the general welfare and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity . ''
governments are responsible for providing services that individuals can not effectively provide for themselves such as military defense fire and police departments roads education social services and environmental protection .
depends are they fighting at or near the station or tracks ?
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
good to know i am ace all the way then .
if one person can organize an attack on area 51 then we can do it .
can you imagine if we just did it one day ?
the kids enjoyed it a lot especially the playground .
it 's not easy to get to but worth the trip if you can swing it !
what is the logic in cole telling joanie her mother killed herself thus leaving '' her ?
if you noticed joanie this season she was almost manic depressive just like her mother .
she could n't even handle the ben meeting correctly she did n't bring a voice recorder she just signed the consent she did n't even go back to the cops with alibis ej luisa confirming she was not a patient at ben 's practice ... then joanie tells noah her mother was killed years ago then noah says what ? ''
before noah can converse with joanie she responds by taking off her tracking bracelet and storms out of the lobster roll and was going to kill ben herself before ej stopped her .
point is joanie seemed pretty unstable mentally so i would take what she says with a grain of salt .
the season with the kids has some of the best acting of all time .
i hope you guys are looking at volition and rush as well
they 've got such deep and interesting energy and are so smart !
aw i hope you live near the water again sometime soon !
i could n't imagine anyone who actually gets laid saying it .
the joke is that he called you a three dimensional creature insinuating that he was a higher dimensional being and from his perspective the answer to where was answered by tomorrow.
the joke was predicated in the understanding that what and where are not the same question but that if given an extra dimension of perception they would be .
your comment is something that op not only knew but was directly referencing in a way you did not seem to pick up on .
what sort of salary are you considering to be mediocre ?
i once fell for f8 live on a stream .
i 'm just waiting for our hot game to come where we shoot like 45 from three and see how much we win by .
i spent 2600 orbs and only got rukia lol .
they should n't be whispering at all this a movie theater for god sakes .
i hope they got promptly shushed by the movie police .
i bounced to total wine my friend was asleep and when he woke up i texted him he could wait for me the movie was still playing or i could come back and he begged me to get him out of there .
i probably should have woke him up before i left but i hate being rude .
this is what you 're looking for he died https gripknife.com/blog/how-incredible-the-sacrifice-in-the-chaos-of-an-afghanistan-battle-john-chapmans-heroism-was-clear
ad 's scoring allows bron to chill on offense until the end of these games .
i 've been waiting for anything like this contest to happen again .
i guess there 's has n't been anything close to it recently .
we really had a great handle on this thing .
a new hunter going against new survivors is going to be an easy win .
new survivors do n't know how to kite have no map knowledge do n't know what rescuing is do n't cipher rush and do n't ping info to their teammates .
have one or two players like this on your team and it 's a loss .
please do your best to respond to commenters as they take the time and effort to read your post and give you advice .
if a commenter provides advice that is helpful please respond to the comment with the word '' helped '' anywhere in your comment .
this will give the commenter an advice point which will show that the commenter is a helpful member of this subreddit .
you can respond to as many comments as you want and we encourage it if they help you even a little bit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/advice if you have any questions or concerns .
oh yeah that 's the best part of it .
just as side question why is it such a bad thing that he does n't go too ?
words used to describe people can also be used to describe made-up people .
most people are perfectly fine some a little extra nice and cautious .
dudes in lifted trucks and tuner cars and women in prius 's prii ?
or new suvs are the only ones that are actively douchey .
mine eats fabric and farts a burning rubber smell .
the good the bad and the ugly theme song playing
i 'm sure you enjoyed the sex scenes with them .
wait until you have to walk on red square when it rains
mario and luigi after finding out luigi has terminal 7
yeah i mean anyone can call it what they want and hopefully can get something out of it .
i am definitely proud of myself took a beating from a lot of close people in my life
burnley stomping ground fixation craft co not strictly a brewery but have some great local beers on a rotating tap .
speaking of rotating taps mrs parmas ' taps go off the hook come good beer week .
how can you tell exactly how many troops he needs to reduce liberty desire below 50 ?
do n't use safeguard on a daily basis to wash your body .
disrupting/killing beneficial skin flora safeguard can and will kill everything even naturally occurring microorganisms that compete against prevent the growth of fungi and pathogens .
safeguard should be useful for cleaning around but not over wounds over underarms hands etc but not as a general purpose soap .
dry skin safeguard can be very drying especially for your face .
i 've gotten away from the horse community on youtube .
jessboomer sadly she passed away several years ago but i always like her videos
holy shit never thought i 'd see them on here !
pretty sure moses is a good friend too although he needs anger management courses .
ca n't imagine you can venture that deep into the rabbit without some kind of stink .
your post has been removed due to insufficient demographic information .
we require that you provide at minimum your age approximate height weight gender medications you take smoking status previous and current medical issues duration and location of complaint and a photo if it 's a skin issue .
please include as many additional details about yourself as you can so that the users of r/askdocs can best assist you .
the most common reason for removal is formatting age and gender wrong !
some ways to get the automoderator to accept your post is to include male '' or female '' or write the two combined as year letter e.g .
please submit a new post https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/submit ? selftext=true text=age 0a 0asex 0a 0aheight 0a 0aweight 0a 0arace 0a 0aduration 20of 20complaint 0a 0alocation 0a 0aany 20existing 20relevant 20medical 20issues 0a 0acurrent 20medications 0a 0ainclude 20a 20photo 20if 20relevant with the required information .
this post has been removed and your edits will not be seen .
if your post was removed in error please post again using the provided link https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/submit ? selftext=true text=age 0a 0asex 0a 0aheight 0a 0aweight 0a 0arace 0a 0aduration 20of 20complaint 0a 0alocation 0a 0aany 20existing 20relevant 20medical 20issues 0a 0acurrent 20medications 0a 0ainclude 20a 20photo 20if 20relevant .
do not message the mods asking for your post to be fixed .
if your question is a discussion question and does not require demographic information please post to our weekly discussion/general questions thread 2nd sticked post on the front page .
for any further questions refer to this recent sticky .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm tired of people telling me how to live my life .
how i should act or who i should be .
i feel no reason to look for that elsewhere .
if god exists and he is not ok with that guess i 'll just burn .
as much as we may hate them or disagree we need all voices .
i do n't recommend suicide attempts because you 'll most likely remain disfigured and/or disabled .
life is really worth living no matter what it 's like .
there 's a little search trick in where you put a subtraction in front of a worm err word you can stop it from popping up in search results .
i heard it years ago so i do n't know the specifics .
like roundworm or nope you really have to google search it to find out how .
but just put that in front of r/wtf and it should work .
call me naive but i 'm pretty sure no one uses the age is just a number '' line to actually defend pedophilia it 's just an internet joke
watched the first episode of his dark materials and it already has me hooked .
getting a lot of harry potter vibes from it which i love so i ca n't wait for the rest of the season .
just started watching deadwood for the first time as well .
i 've heard that it got cancelled at the end of the third season but hopefully it 's still worth the watch .
sounds like australia if you 're looking for a starting point try nsw the police there have been told to discourage protesters with random strip searches they often target young girls so there 's probably a few that need saving .
should also mention that our prime minister is insane enough he wants to ban boycotts and i have no idea how he plans to enforce that .
what do you define as culture then that the west lacks bit the east has ?
trained so hard today my legs are slightly numb .
you probably said seriously before you asked the question .
the beginning of the word can wake her up .
you 're allowed to set boundaries around a girl he cheated with .
right now he 's testing you so he can keep up his bs with her .
honestly i 'd throw the whole man away if i were you but i have a zero tolerance policy on cheaters .
tell him unequivocally that you do n't trust him to have any friendship with this person and that he lost that trust when he cheated on you .
what most here do n't realize about the in game leaderboards of codm is that you must play 15 matches in total of any game mode to be placed on the leaderboards .
and since the leaderboards only show the top 200 players for each game mode you must be good enough to get a high placement .
leaderboards except for ranked matches leaderboards are reset every 24 hours .
hope this helps not just you but anyone else that is curious to know .
also note leaderboards shown in game are server based and not global .
i 'm on my fourth character in my game but to my defense it is my first campaign and i did n't really know the game very well when we started .
now i found a character that is incredibly fun to play and that i love dearly .
blame dillon danis for provoking him from conor 's corner
she 's harsh and brash sure but she 's not untrue or unfair .
she outright said cheryl would have been first choice for obvious reasons and then either her talent or baga best friend .
this sulk just comes across as upset that people are n't revering her really put me off ...
the meme will stay but now wahin will refer to mecca .
wow exactly ... i think like that from the day i knew my family is n't helping me..just using me when i was 10
i still ca n't believe that movies are based on true story ... nd i hate it ... it 's better to watch transformers or marvel ... atleast it 's imaginary
our insecurities keep us safe by telling us there 's a room for improvement but it becomes unhealthy when it 's everything we hear or listen to .
thank you for keeping me safe but you are not me .
you 're just my thoughts and i am the one who gets to choose . ''
some people loved the people i found repulsive superficially .
and that 's the reality people appreciate different things .
maybe perhaps probably there are things about you that your girlfriend appreciate which you fail to see because you 're too preoccupied by your insecurities .
asked about it and it was like 100 for 3 minutes of air time or something crazy along those lines
it 's 70 for 2 60-second sessions in the tube .
by me you can do a tandem skydive which is what i did for 159 which was a 45 second free-fall and a 6 minute parachute ride .
and so on and so on until world domination achieved .
oh okay yeah i 'll let you know and if you 're not up we‘ll do it later this day 👍🏻😅
you 'll find sympathetic ears advice support and ways to get some time to yourself .
one day i forgot my spoon snapped the ear peace off a pair on safety glasses and uses it as a spoon
also i once had a 13 yr old unmod proclaim that a well known mod player was her boy friend .
maybe she missread his free feedings and no kill protection from someone that appears way older as well i have no idea .
an analysis of some of the earliest samples more or less comports with what has been found around europe – they represent an influx of farmers primarily descended from early agriculturalists from turkey and iran around 8,000 years ago followed by a shift toward ancestry from the ukrainian steppe somewhere between 5,000 and 3,000 years ago .
so not too much new ground in this study nevertheless well summarised in this quote from the article
thanks guys its my first r/post and after all the arguments on facebook and insta ive gotten into ...
i did n't think about the black friday to christmas time frame that is very true .
i am also interested in an emerald cut and was thinking maybe i should try it .
do n't go overboard ... on the drinks they 're expensive
at least black looks kinda classy while white makes you look like a tryhard .
also they 're easy sniping targets since they are so easy to see
i 've got mine on a 2tb pcie nvme drivevand its faaaaaaaast at loading ...
i do n't think it makes much difference once in game though
yeah just commented on the last post in this chain without realizing
yeah it does n't seem much but it rarely gets wasted anyways because it requires over 100k survivor xp per star anyways .
i 've never seen how to do a jailbuild but i could try it i guess
hang on honey mummy 's telling her friends how much time she gets to spend with you ''
mummy 's working honey so she can spend time with you ''
and i ca n't continue this because it 's just too sad .
poor kid is hurting and she 's on her goddamn phone posting about it .
a couple times but i manage to play it off with confidence that they end up thinking it 's tame .
what 's with whites mocking asians while eating asian food wearing made in asia clothing receiving asian hospitality ?
be or aae handmade tesla 's are not my kind would prefer the be
puts on a marvin gaye album and lights some candles
ok i saw the post and i 'm really amazed that the people deny the genocide .
i like your voice it 's soothing like autumn rain on an old tin roof but i 'm warm inside with some coco or tea or something like that like an aunt 's drink ol ' aunt so and so drinking something hot and talking about the rain .
he turned on the windshield wipers when he saw he was entering water .
very safe driver very smart to know to remove aqua induced visual obstructions from windshield .
that 's what i was thinking but that 's awkward af
i was going to scream yta and as i read her perspective i shut my mouth real quick .
wo n't come out pretty and likely more trouble than it 's worth .
i like your idea to just cover it up .
no stay away do n't even look at the subreddits we ca n't all be saved .
it only has a 48 range stat and it has rangefinder its dropoff is around 29.5 meters .
to put that into perspective my not forgottens dropoff is 27.5. so yes that spare rations is good with the new hand cannon sandbox range only accounts for 3 meters of difference and rangefined makes up for the entirety of it .
my wife and i have been judged for being too religious and not religious enough .
families of south asian lineage can be awful when it comes to image .
if you want your grandparents to find out you do n't need to go through your parents .
judgement and shaming hurts but your family needs to remember that a new baby is a joy and blessing .
at the very least if your parents are n't happy with your partnering arrangement they could at least be happy to have this new born in their lives and not treat the baby like a shame .
imagine how your child would feel growing up with that .
and never forget you 're baby is your first priority
i wish the best for you and your new family
last friday my boss bought a big mac from mcdonald 's .
there was a long hair stuck to the cheese .
d/st points do n't really correlate as much vs skill positions as they do vs qbs .
for example mixon could score 2 tds and give u good points while ur defense gets 10 sacks and a fumble returned for a td also giving u good points .
now if u were starting finley god i hope not everytime he has a turnover ur qb loses points and ur d/st gains points thus for cancelling each other out .
i nvr start the opposing d/st thats playing against my starting qb but i dont overthink it when it comes to rb wr or te
well something like what i listed will most definitely beat the game no problem .
keep in mind to get as much freeze/barriers from your mage/mages and use a ranged rogue ai is pretty bad w dagger rogues .
you could go for to the death in the champion tree instead of whirlwind .
it 'll result in higher dmg against bosses but not while exploring areas .
probably snapdragon 730 or above do n't know about iphones
and now these three remain faith hope and love .
crazy person is the guy carrying a firearm not the guy who pulled over on the freeway and attack someone .
i have a twitter account with more of my works here
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean it just really sucks to hear someone say they do n't want a relationship at all and then five minutes later they are in a relationship with someone else .
it becomes very clear that what they meant was i do n't want a relationship with you. it 's just nicer to say what you actually mean and not blow smoke at people .
ah ok i 'll have to think about it man you 're offer is very very tempting lol
well floater is luka 's signature move it looks like .
keep any form of slagging and criticism to the makeup application products predatory sales tactics or mlm .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youniqueamua if you have any questions or concerns .
we need to be able to remap buttons that 's all .
he 'll get five minutes and get like one real opportunity to do anything with the basketball .
if you have a tenant the only tax implication is the net rental income rent minus expenses .
that number gets added to your personal income to calculate your total tax obligation some of which is paid through withholdings off you pay .
i 'm level 19 and i already deleted the game once .
got it half price cause none of my friends wanted to buy the game full price so we went 50/50 on it with ps4 account share .
saw the patch notes and thought that maybe now i could get a fair game in .
nope still the lowest level by at least 50 to 60 levels and still getting dominated by the same op weapons they claimed to have fixed .
might just drop the game and go back to bo4 until they actually do something worthwhile to the game .
automod the following is a copy of the above post .
this comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
i 14m am in therapy for a few reasons such as mental health .
i 've been in therapy for around 2-3 years now and i 've had two therapists throughout those years .
i found out that my mother was taking illegal drugs sometime earlier this year .
i found out by catching her in the act .
for some backstory a little over a year ago my mother 's boyfriend at the time had passed away .
i was told it was from a diabetic episode only to be told months after the fact that it was actually from an overdose that just worsened his diabetic state .
her boyfriend was her ex from a decade ago he raised me for a few years .
so i understandably was upset and angry at my mother because along with being told the truth behind his death my mother told me that the morning the died he told her you 're killing me. he said that because she had got him back into drugs and he was now paying the consequences .
i do n't know how long she 's been using but i know that she got him back into it and he had died because of it .
though i blame her for his death that 's not why i revealed her secret to my therapist .
having sat on this knowledge for almost a year i ca n't look at her the same .
i 'm constantly worried thinking of the what-ifs and what she could do .
i had been wondering why she seemed to slack so much with discipline lately .
i also wondered why she seemed like such a loose cannon with seemingly no reason for her angry and violent outbursts .
she does n't abuse me and my sibling but i 'm afraid that she might .
her yelling gets terrifying and i ca n't help but jump every time her hands get too close .
i do n't want us growing up in a household where we have to worry if our mother is going to yell and scream or have a good day .
i do n't want to have to scrounge the house for what food i 'm going to have to eat because she just sleeps all day .
they 're getting more reclusive and spending more time on their phone .
they were in therapy for a while as well because we could n't handle their outbursts anymore .
they 've gotten better they really have and i 'm so worried that our mother 's actions might start to affect them .
i told her about my worries and about how i knew my mother was using drugs .
now my mother will just be talking with me and i 'll say something like makes me uncomfortable. then she 'll blow up and start yelling about how this ordeal i 'm putting her through makes her uncomfortable .
she told me once that families do n't snitch on each other .
she yelled asking why i could n't just keep it a family matter. she says that she might lose us but the cps workers told me that they 'd try to just get her into rehab .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
stay 👏 out 👏 of 👏 the 👏 box .
i also was playing with the bot so it may not have even been listening then
such a beauty ... still trying to find an e46 sport wheel but they seem to be impossible to find
that 's a lot of babies are you prepared for a massive tank or to seperate them all if needed ?
i mean to be fair edgy-dragon boy is the one who upped the ante to a death match .
not that it was a nice thing to do or anything but like ... hoist by his own petard and such .
deep breaths and think of some topics to fill silences .
of course its scary but its better to get it out of the way and know whether you have an ounce of chemistry or not .
not 100 related but noticed you 're in the financial district which is where i work as well .
my issue is mostly that my chest is too big and causes the fabric at the chest to be really stretched out
mizzou has a decent defense but we should n't be struggling like this .
ok i 'll allow it if you lose to a m and ole miss .
do n't let this game distract you from the fact that we have the 2017 pittsburgh post-gazette player of the year riding our bench ! !
cause niggas track my history mostly irl nigga i know
i 'm so glad they did n't go for it .
no i sat in section 211 for that islanders win !
pc gamer here sent you a pm with my info
rg3 was a flash in the pan he was/is not better then kap or hell even timmy t. there 's a ton of guys who 've had 1 great rookie year and then fell off to a 0
you can grab pictures if that would be easier .
i do n't plan on using terror with amara at all apologies for not specifying that and the snowrift i 'm seeking is 'splattergun ' not 'loaded dice ' .
no rush mate take a minute to see if you have any matches .
does n't bjergsen always have a huge say in the roster .
and how is tl keeping the same roster but also buying the world while getting cold feet ?
some of these leaks sound like they come from a magic 8
still has the dude is going to korea in december for about 50 days to try and find her ... .
citrus but much like bloom into you it is unfinished so you basically have to read the manga .
this is especially painful for citrus because the anime ended right when the manga starts to get good .
utena at least the movie the series is more subtext obvious subtext but still subtext is more or less the gold standard .
oh dear are you wanting them to experience an early brain death ?
when i said main criteria that was directly quoted from the dsm-5 for what mania is .
and since mania is a prerequisite for bipolar then it 's not hard to extrapolate anger and bipolar being really really good friends .
if you want to nit-pick because i used the word rage originally and try to make it into something it is n't feel free .
in the real world any fucking professional will tell you that anger problems go hand-in-hand with bipolar .
exactly being overweight itself is damaging to your joints eds diagnosis or not .
i 'm just curious why she has n't been to pt yet for any of her alleged mobility concerns .
if she had eds that 's a concern they 'd want to address and can be treated learning safe muscle-strengthening exercises to continue at home .
watch her go from afos to a wheelchair in your typical munchie fashion..
i 'm not trying to be a jerk but she used to stand for hours when she did band in high school and she was more fit .
she needs to address her health and lack of exercise .
of course being stagnant and deconditioning will make anyone weak !
hami makes such an impact whenever he 's on the court
i was gon na say just like in the show she 's the tastiest thing on the menu '' but honestly i 'd prefer the apollo
yeah seeler is splitting 3rd pairing shifts with soucy .
i do n't think i 've ever seen that before .
also yeah i was wondering if he 's double shifting some forwards .
seeler and hunt were out there for that goal against
why is frank blasting music that you would hear while at chili 's ?
yeah thats what most of the ones just scattered around are .
also its looking a bit gray and is that just stress colors or does it need anything ?
i was about to say i just do n't get how this would help self esteem '' when you can still the amount of likes .
kozue moves in a circle around hoshiko avoiding her attacks with each step but never moving far out of range or letting hoshiko drive her backwards either .
when the chunin finishes her movement kozue takes action and steps forward moving swiftly .
she feints a punch to get the chunin off guard and then tries to sweep hoshiko 's legs out from under her to send the junior ninja tumbling .
bro if that 's too much to read the rules and faq for the information you want maybe you just should n't participate here .
they announce it the day before if you read the faq which it 's obvious you have n't taken the 5-10 minutes to read the faq .
please stop cursing and do everyone a favor by just reading it .
what is particularly the reason you think about killing yourself ?
is it the bullying or the reason you struggle to feel or express emotions or anything else ?
how many achievements do you have ? i have 79 and am at 460.43b/s entropy and 8.08 t/s i already did the singularity and i really dont want to do it again but everything i need is like in the qas and human expedition is at qintillions at 2.91 for the first one .
the only thing i unlocked when i did the singularity the first time was
if i end the simulation i get 27 metabits i dont know if its even worth it
i bet he goes down in the basement and opens up a door at some point and she 'll be in a nice cozy dungeon .
i like that they 're going back to single player games now .
idk i just rewatched the video and i do n't think there 's a really clear shot of the license plate .
i 'm watching on mobile though it may be clearer on a computer .
10 was absolutely in the paint for like 10 seconds there ...
i mean 3 second violations are dumb as shit but cmon
kinda seriously would a black vintage 50 's era navy peacoat look okay ?
i also have this one green jacket that might work ?
the other pain is that i get warm really easily so layering any time other than winter is just uncomfortable
i did n't like my sister until we were in our late teens or early 20 's .
i love the fuck out of her now and i 'm really happy we are close enough in age to be able to share life experiences .
well it 's full of norse gods rude horoscopes and a frustrating lack of delivery pizza in london .
curious what you would share or do you just hate all music and everything equally and only enjoy telling it like it is ?
in my experience people who do n't have the desire for non-monog or poly go into relationships with a monogamous mindset so even if she has that freedom she might not actually try to see anyone else .
i would say find out the answer to that first as it will help you understand her better .
the poly community can give you lots of resources .
there are plenty of us hierarchal polys you just have to be that much more careful to treat anyone else in your life with the utmost respect since you have a primary .
feel free to pm me i 've been in a similar situation .
ok well this happened to my friend i did n't have to do research because this is real life experience he had bought a new computer and sold his old one he was not logged in on his phone and did not have his phone number linked he did not have any other devices logged into his account .
he tried to log in and it was like .
we sent a confirmation email to make sure its you '' but since he did n't have access to it from anything except a computer that he sold he could n't get in .
do n't start talking shit if you do n't know the whole story
i still dont see edit i 've honestly never seen edit post on mobile or desktop .
i think the studies with trichotillomania used 2400mg daily if i remember correctly .
while you stall the board state simultaneously work on making your dudes bigger until you eventually overwhelm them .
declaration in stone is a help as well but it wo n't get you far for long .
green is a close second on the same par as black
no no no do you honestly believe that automobiles would be as safe as they are today if the government had n't enacted legislation regulating mandated safety features ?
how about the smog that used to be in the greater los angeles basin ?
do you think people would have bought cars with optional equipment to have their individual car burn cleaner if it was n't mandated ?
our federal government is supposed to be run to protect and benefit the majority of citizens not just the rich well connected or big businesses .
i 100 would have done something like this as a kid
i 'm still not over my first real relationship and a part of me wants to go back and try and give it a second chance but i know my ex will just repeat everything again .
my grandma and uncle dad 's side both passing away about 2 months apart .
recently learned grandma actually left all of us a good chunk of money in her will that my aunt who currently has access to the money is refusing to give anyone thier share and yes were looking into an attorney
work is ramping up for holidays so it 's gon na be a real fun month of last minute schedule changes .
social anxiety generally making it hard for me to go out and meet new people .
general living situation but that would be like 3 hours to type and i have to get up early tomorrow .
i look away for a few minutes and maryland has decided to show up and dominate .
i mean you can only run the same play so many times before the defense figures it out
it 's because of horror stories like this that i have n't played a single public mission that would require any significant investment of mats ie defend the objective missions as opposed to btr or rts etc since this new afk system was introduced now only playing them either solo or in private with friends and only playing resource-cheap missions public eg btr/rts etc .
it just seems like too much of a risk either that other players fighting over kills will 'spawn camp ' or mess with your traps replacing with their own ... . or that the system itself will kick you for idle for no rhyme or reason after you 've invested heavily in a defence as seems to have happened to you and others .
it might i can say that from the colombian one you dont even remember much of the trip afterwards the russian one i remember everything .
yeah sadly i cant get here the eu 2cb im gon na keep myself clean from that pink powder stuff from now on and stick only to 2cb when i go back to eu sometimes
nothing of value was lost the ussr was an objective improvement .
you look like the kind of girl to look at her hair and think what should i dye my hair today ? ''
saw a guy tattoo big ass 失恋 on his ribs which means you lost love like you got dumped
the throwing in of the towel was a perfect callback to the earlier stages of cody v. kenny
had these guys in the mail not long ago just clean these guys up with some soap and toothpaste and used some black paint to restore the numbers .
not lands and thoughtseize is n't exactly a good example of a normal balanced black discard spell .
ever color can basically do something it normally does n't using two cards the point is that there is a major downside to doing so making it not equivalent to how other colors do that thing .
and even with your example blue does n't counter lands .
if finale isnt titled my wayward sons '' or peace when you 're done '' it 'll be a missed chance
even if i 'm not into it in the moment judas will get me into it when it hits the chorus .
your post has been flagged as low-effort post and was deleted for violation of rule 11 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4rdfw if you have any questions or concerns .
wait they did this specifically for this armor set ?
wasnt it a drop from mobs or am i mistaken ?
unless it was a quest reward they ca n't see if you got it all those years ago
you could also purchase terrariums as well for the office .
episode 6 confirms it or at least himawari when she asked if joro had any crushes then said she had none either .
i 'm torn on the ending of that match in one hand it seems too anticlimactic for such a great match on the other it sows some seeds for the future
edit i spoke too soon it was perfect setup for that turn
b u t w h o s s i d e i s h e o n !
60 for a blowjob seems like ... a lot .
4 blowjobs 60 each x 4 times per week x 52 weeks in a year x 15 years 187,200 !
that game busted my nuts so bad i ditched a friend 's birthday kickback just at the thought of us beating arizona so close but no cigar .
i think my best game over my 5 years at unlv was the overtime win over unr in spring 2016 when pat mccaw hit that buzzer beater the entire thomas mack was rocking .
the derogatory terms the default attitude of disrespect and prejudice against people who dress and look 'conservative ' .
i just hate how inaccurate the rifle is the shift from point of aim is ridiculous .
giant killers from boone might be a bit of a stretch in this case
how do you not cover the opponent 's best receiver ?
use an old iphone just to set it up if you ca n't wait .
if hillary had said this every republican would be screaming for a lynching .
their rendition of black soul choir is also sick .
i did n't even know it was a cover for many years .
they turned a nifty folk song into an awesome metal song
it really irks me the announcers acting like this was some huge upset lol .
also the throw at the end does not matter .
nice of them to wait the whole game to start calling it though .
in game 1 of the mono black devotion matchup i was definitely wishing it was fatal push to deal with his gifted aetherborns .
but in other spots having a removal spell that could also crew a vehicle was nice .
i would n't fault anyone for cutting the card though .
it 's a great show but not a documentary .
this sub is full of people just sharing their experience with the game .
if it 's about mw the it seems like it should be fair game .
i 've got a bunch that i 'm planning to check out legendary moonlight sculptor road to kingdom i am the monarch but i have no idea how good they are .
nobles in the french revolution voted to abolish it because they just did n't care .
it did n't matter that they formally abolished it because the power was n't touched .
philippe egalite was still strutting around in his stupid mansion he only owned because of who his parents were while people were still starving and freezing in the streets even after 1789 and that 's why he deserved the guillotine .
the french revolution enshrined feudalism in the form of property rights in the rights of man .
that 's why it did n't actually solve a thing and all the problems persisted beyond it .
it 's why we 've been trapped in this cursed limbo for almost 250 years now .
you want a real revolution from that period look at gracchus babeuf not robespierre the girondans lafayette and the other useless libs .
i can help you with paladin if you want i finshed them all now .
i had no idea what i was expecting but i did not expect that .
most of my glamour is crafted by me it just makes it feel so much more special to me .
i also farm the lower duties for gil and some items so i have a few glamours from them as well .
i mention this because i am disabled and gaming is the only way i can socialize so not everyone who plays a lot is going to have the latest greatest bestest thing out there .
i like a lot of the lower level stuff myself because there are so many people with the other flash already .
wow i 'm at the border of giftedness 131 and i sometimes feel frustrated how others feel so disconnected with the world living in safe bubble or something .
you must have a harder time finding people capable of holding a meaningful conversation you have my respect and condolences p
how has your asynchronous maturation affected your cognitive development and growth in different intelligence areas ?
memory is the thing i 've always struggled in life i ca n't memorize dates and names especially i struggled a lot in history classes how about you ?
should see the massive amount of peeps that are perfectly ok with culling in there for everything from sniffles to bad rat behavior .
i 've seen a porno with situation like this .
needless to say it was n't a pleasurable experience .
coming up with a color scheme for this guy was a struggle .
unlike the unicorn the psycho frames on the narrative were much more exposed so using some shinny metallics on the them can be a bit too much for the eyes .
after discussing with mr. homecomputer we decided using a dull silver would work the best for this rollout color scheme .
this was unfortunately one of those projects that everything just wanted to work against me lol .
first enamel thinner cracked the face plate then decals were refusing to stick i even accidentally dropped some super glue on a painted piece 🤦🏻 .
i 'm still not totally happy with the colors but at the same time i 'm just happy it 's done lol .
hopefully things will go smoother in my next build .
john shut your obelisk the tormentor/summoned skull looking ass up
like it 's so catchy but the message is so fucking bullshit .
outing myself as a commie liberal now gon na go hide before liberty prime finds me
bruh we also have athletic club away after barcelona ... . like fuck damn
you better come here here are my address and shit you see
my house is in the northeast section of morioh where all the villas are and i am not married .
i work as an employee for the kame yu department stores and i get home every day by 8 pm at the latest .
i 'm in bed by 11 pm and make sure i get eight hours of sleep no matter what .
after having a glass of warm milk and doing about twenty minutes of stretches before going to bed i usually have no problems sleeping until morning .
just like a baby i wake up without any fatigue or stress in the morning .
i was told there were no issues at my last check-up .
i 'm trying to explain that i 'm a person who wishes to live a very quiet life .
i take care not to trouble myself with any enemies like winning and losing that would cause me to lose sleep at night .
that is how i deal with society and i know that is what brings me happiness .
although if i were to fight i would n't lose to anyone .
i have a runes guide with diff runes and a matchups guide along with it https docs.google.com/document/d/1-zhvw_epw-rqkobt7rzecz9syd9-qqlahwk4osu41kc/mobilebasic
original is by nine inch nails but cash does it so much better
i might look at some beastars hands for reference then i was n't sure if it would look more normal if a big cat had large hands .
does this mean armor master is in a structure deck or ?
also because i 'm omnipotent i can both keep free will and make restrictions on human behavior
he really lost me last year in the playoffs .
what i 'm seeing this year is more of the same .
and this is where i start rooting for anakin .
i 'll give jones a 50/50 chance on this shootout which is awesome
no false veils of time or space may intervene .
clearly we see you in the nihilanth 's chamber .
we bear witness to the bright eternity of the nihilanth 's demise .
you leap you fall we see you flash between the barriers .
we are there still in observance of your final stroke .
while our own lay scattered at your feet you severed the vortal cord that bound the nihilanth to life and to us .
that sharp spur of hope has not dulled to this day .
for once the lesser master lay defeated we knew the greater must also fall in time .
we can not forget those whose cords you cut .
unity of purpose the shattering of common shackles a single road we tread .
your song we sing and shall sing for eternity .
you have brought us grief and jubilation beyond measure .
with you beside us a talisman of victory the day of freedom draws nigh .
we call you sib although your mind and meaning are a mystery to us .
we have endured these chafing bonds for eons yet a single moment of further servitude seems intolerable !
how often have we slipped our yoke only to find it choking us again .
let this war end in either total victory or our extinction .
we take our stand beside you here upon this miserable rock .
what seems to you a sacrifice is merely to us an oscillation .
it is the same for you if only you would see it .
could you but see the eyes inside your own the minds in your mind you would see how much we share .
the way how silver spoon portrays the relationship between farmers and their animals that are destined to become meat really changes how i think about how i eat meat in the beginning and then it grew into my philosophy about how to face problems in life more generally .
it taught me to stare at any problem right in the face respect it and try to not hide from it even if i am personally not able to do the right thing .
in a more vague way gintama has also influenced my outlook on how one should live their life .
there are other series that i 've found to give insightful commentary on topics like war trust talent versus hard work etc. but i 've found those topics more distant from my personal life for them to leave a strong presence in my mind outside of when those topics are relevant .
dunno about you but whenever i 've turned the wheel in a vehicle it turned the vehicle .
also when i dont turn the wheel the vehicle doesnt turn .
and now too bad australia is run by ccp loving governments and peoples
had the same issue change the refresh rate from 59.97 to 60 or vice-versa
dual_ec_drbg dual elliptic curve deterministic random bit generator is an algorithm that was presented as a cryptographically secure pseudorandom number generator csprng using methods in elliptic curve cryptography .
despite wide public criticism including a potential backdoor for seven years it was one of the four now three csprngs standardized in nist sp 800-90a as originally published circa june 2006 until it was withdrawn in 2014 .
i 'm not going to argue that the government is competent when it comes to building new systems but i will say that the heart was in the right place .
uscis would like to streamline the process to make it easier for the immigrant and easier for the adjudicator but they 're working with a patchwork of systems that makes it hard to work with .
elis seems to be the way uscis is going and that system has been getting better and better .
as for the contractors i have no idea what kind of money they make .
i 'm in nj and all the cops i know are wealthier than i am .
5 years on the job and they 're making 6 figures in most towns in this state .
apocalypto ... . stunningly filmed.. great story line ... tribalism and cults and so much more
as long as it 's not a guy crying about his feelings being hurt .
edit yep that 's exactly what i imagine boys and girls sitting in their room listening to while they cut themselves because their life is so tough since their parents divorced .
i 've never met anyone that said they were a petty officer 2/3 .
i 'm in grad school in iowa right now and there 's more flag gear here than there is back home .
i 'm not gon na have anywhere to move back to when i graduate because it 'll be packed to the brim .
i wan na add a different perspective that if you 're younger you want to put as much as you can in your 401k not less .
you 're correct though that not putting in at least 5 is putting free money on the table generally but do n't put yourself in a tough situation when you need the money day to day .
typically you have less debt and bills and you can let your retirement grow so think about your future .
and i would have preferred malig knight to dark flier .
presumably a unisex class and one that mixes axes and magic .
wool on the inside with something to seal in the fiber exposed ceramic wool is guaranteed super cancer and check out forced air burners .
i just made a 6inch ribbon burner and get a solid heat on the forge running off only 2psi propane
i see your sarcasm and i raise you with the bullshit timing on his punches and special grab still catching even though i
i see your x and raise you y '' is a string https en.wiktionary.org/wiki/string_bet bet https en.wiktionary.org/wiki/string_bet and is not allowed at most serious poker games .
cool the us and other countries should steal the patent .
yeah obviously the 1 ca n't have their brainwashed enforcers questioning their inhumane decisions .
i 'll try for queen elsa then since it seems like getting enough skl tickets for gaston will probably take months right ?
i do n't think hardware is a problem for me and ive already accepted i wo n't come close to experts for a looongg time .
i 've found a perfect 16lb fish just laying out by the water .
the love triangle is the dumbest thing on this show.. rosita is a terrible character she does n't do anything .
a repost is when you submit the same or almost identical content within a given time frame .
on this subreddit we do not allow any reposts within 120 days or reposts within 1 year of submissions where the original has more than 10,000 upvotes .
you can use karmadecay google reverse image search and reddit 's built-in search function to find previous instances of your post .
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
true but it 's only implied if you think i said he was ugly .
he 's clearly not ugly but everyone else thinks so hence the downvotes .
would it be the case if he were considered handsome '' in general ?
hold me until i 'm gone forever reina del cid
the ship is actually inspired from firefly from what i 've watched on youtube among other references and futurama ones too .
i still think that was a really good idea just executed with the most boring match ever .
like every other empire landlord for single-parent one-child renters .
can someone explain the significance of her using uncle nearest whiskey ?
this is living flesh whose material happens to be identical to that of earthenware .
this is n't head cannon— this is straight out of the raws .
the combat formulas use math assuming that the entire body is solid earthenware through and through .
likewise if you encounter a creature made of glass .
it will not shatter easily because it 's made of solid glass and forgotten beasts are usually the size of trucks at the smallest .
do n't ask me how they move being so solid .
even before i opened the thread i updooted yer post op .
pomplamoose cimorelli did a remake of p ! nk 's walk me home https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=d5xl1ug2btu and it is fantastic !
if only we had a way of sorting for comments with high percentage upvotes but a low actual count .
if it was i love you i 'm sure it would come up again so try not to overthink this one
steely dan is one of the most underrated groups in my opinion due largely to musical complexity and advanced nature of most of their work .
the album and song aja '' 1977 is probably the best example of this .
it features some of the best session musicians of all time including steve gadd denny dias and bernard purdie .
the song has some of the best arrangement and solos i 've ever heard .
i strongly urge anyone to listen to it with really good headphones .
also i.g.y '' by donald fagen is basically unknown yet unbelievably good .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
you have failed to ask a question in your title
your post was removed as it looks like you failed to ask a question in your title .
double check everything including punctuation and try posting again .
if you 're wanting to tell a story or explain something please try r/self .
if you 're needing advice of any kind try r/advice or r/needadvice
if you 're looking for a fact based answer try r/answers
if you 're looking for something that has slipped your mind try r/tipofmytongue .
anything else not covered try one of the subreddits mentioned in our sidebar that better suits your needs .
if you need more clarification or feel this was an error please contact the mods and provide a link to this post thanks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
i think if you can be truly unashamed or your body that is more important to a partner .
hunting riffles do n't kill mass amounts of people .
best cosplay to date what a day to be alive
all these people need to stop thinking they 're post is unique and special if it 's the same exact thing already said .
first of all make sure you use dazzling eye drops so you do n't look stoned .
second do n't drive like an idiot if you 're driving fine they 've got no reason to pull you over unless your car is falling apart .
not gon na lie you had me in the first half .
bruh i honestly ca n't comprehend how the olympia ca n't beat the mp7 at point blank range
the amount of karma points on your comment and reddit account has decreased by one .
there are several reasons i may deem a comment to be unworthy of positive or neutral karma .
but you should refrain from making comments like this in the future .
otherwise i will be forced to issue an additional downvote which may put your commenting and posting privileges in jeopardy .
i do n't believe my comment deserved a downvote .
but only in exceedingly rare circumstances will i undo a downvote .
if you would like to issue an appeal shoot me a private message explaining what i got wrong .
i tend to respond to reddit pms within several minutes .
do note however that over 99.9 of downvote appeals are rejected and yours is likely no exception .
how can i prevent this from happening in the future ?
but learn from this mistake your behavior will not be tolerated on reddit.com .
i will continue to issue downvotes until you improve your conduct .
wtf i turned it off and it fixed the issue thanks so much
nice to know that my birthday 's also the same day as this cursed minion persona .
my friend did this once but his foot wwas under the scale .
you 're making me want to get the oils out myself 😍
they 're actually surprisingly actice and loads of people post solely in gàidhlig .
hardware antivirus making sure you 're not accidentally plugging in potentially harmful devices
news sometime ago indicated that sao alicization war of underworld will itself be split into 2 parts so it will be absent from the winter 2020 season and the last part will air in spring .
my biggest issue is that i made the mistake of buying a lenovo laptop and installing linux on it .
it made sense at the time but apparently idiots with such setups are a very small minority .
everything is available but there are endless bugs video drivers browsers desktop enironments ... .
on the other hand macos has its own bag of problems i know because i 've had to use a macbook for work but i wo n't go into those because experience shows that this makes other macos users very angry .
you do realize physical strain is the patrol sending them on extra pt or something similar .
the patrol polices itself through the patrol leader and the group .
i mean i get that one of communism 's greatest drawbacks is that it does n't really incentivise someone to do more than the bare minimum
amount of work given work output compared with reward and you have to assume people running society are just gon na be altrusitic and not play favorites but rampant unchecked capitalism also is n't working so well either .
your tunnel is 3 blocks tall you need it to be 4 blocks tall or more to accommodate a minecart
i tried it but the music started to really really annoy me .
cod and halo the holy duo of 360 xbox live toxicity
this submission has been automatically removed due to a title formatting issue .
for subreddit cleanliness and search feature use the year tag in submission titles is required .
please format your title thus documentarytitle year optional description ''
our sincere apologies for any inconvenience this has caused and thank you very much for your contribution to the community !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/documentaries if you have any questions or concerns .
spoiler warning all officially-released show and book content allowed including trailers and pre-released chapters .
no leaked information or paparazzi photos of the set .
for more info please check the spoiler guide r/gameofthrones/w/spoiler_guide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gameofthrones if you have any questions or concerns .
you should go with kg241q as it 's much more recent and futureproof .
also the newer model contain vrb and can do 144hz over hdmi .
where i live people buy the gn variant because it 's cheaper but they do n't realize they are missing out on motion blur reduction of vrb unless they actually see one .
you can violate an individuals rights by inciting a riot against them but you ca n't really incite a riot against a hundred thousand people who are n't even present when you are speaking .
however speaking generally out against a group of people is an ideology and therefore protected in all but the most extreme scenarios .
why do you think it 's been so hard to bust up all the militias in the us over the years ?
they pretty much have to get them on tape planning a specific a time and place in which they are all going to grab their guns and shoot up a place before they can be arrested for terroristic threats .
online games one of the players is late so the manager has to play the first rounds because the enemy team would get a forfeit win if they did n't start on time .
when the player comes online they can sub out .
well i mean in one instance he literally murdered a person ...
not sure how people think the 'thankyougamefreak ' stuff is 'supporting devs ' when it 's working to deflect criticism of a company that has few workers that they 're rushing to create a new game each year to fuel the world 's biggest media franchise .
there 's a clear problem with the people at the top at gamefreak and the answer is more time money and manpower for the workers .
edit lol there 's now a comment here that did n't have the balls to reply strawmanning everything i said to ridiculous lengths .
i know my comment was a joke too haha .
dude should 've died to the claymore or atleast been hurt from it .
als er dan in nieuw zeeland een politicus roept dat hij ervoor gaat zorgen dat er minder nederlanders komen zouden ze dat dan ook ok vinden omdat hij duidelijk criminele nederlanders bedoelt ?
you should really watch the tilburg live it is amazing !
the sheer confusion of results because of the common occurance of alphabet '' in results .
it goes to the next level when you compare the results you get when using google to results from other search engines .
now his commentss are purely of a manager about to be sacked
i would always miss winnie the pooh when i came back from school cuz barney was playing
i do n't honestly it 's just it 's 3 years and it was n't easy iv dug a hole as well cause her family really likes me and iv gotten to close to them she was never this type of girl i dont know what changed
you smoke that so well i 'd love to know what brand you 're puffing
i think this person let other bills go to collections instead of taking out payday loans again and again to pay for them .
since you do n't have bills beside basic housing and transportation i am not sure how to apply this advice in your case .
wild animals in general should n't be fucked with .
but people are idiots and you end up in situations like this one .
when walmart 's better you know it 's bad .
now that i had time to play both mod a bit more i think f1 manager is wayyyyy ahead of fire mod despite some major issue with it
or having a crush on someone with a girlfriend/boyfriend ...
truth no you ca n't earn trust back after you broke it that is the sad part after you broke someones trust you can overcome the physical part but not the broken trust
i thought the exact same thing up until the moment he destroyed the stones as well !
one thing i could state is that even if he did n't destroy the stones he chopped the dwarves ' hands off and left him as the last of his kind with that level of craftsmanship considering the gauntlet gets damaged from such high level use you 'd think he 'd want backups .
however i could see thanos devising various new gauntlets on his own especially with that much time between uses and considering tony stark made a viable apparatus to hone their use he could definitely do the same he just wanted to prevent any others from doing so through the dwarves even if he 'd have to make more crude versions that still suited the purpose .
kik/wire/skype sessions 2/minute for pics and videos 3/minute for live cam sessions .
might be temperature problem or humidity for the tips being brown .
or like another commenter said the pot may be leeching minerals .
well to be fair i 'm fairly certain the iss has had plenty of technical issues in its day .
there are tons of extremely talented engineers and technicians that continue to make that continue .
dont get me wrong tons of secret fuckshit going on there .
as for the moon no one gives a shit about the moon .
so they can do whatever the fuck they want up there .
i would have no problem at all rolling one for someone that does n't know how .
get an interim plan until your daughter gets on her feet .
does anyone know how to get access to the global server ?
i live in japan and even when i try using my vpn it puts me on the japan server and gives me no other options .
i really want to play this but only if i can get on a server where i can understand everything .
i 'd suggest that it 's more important to consider whether the underlying technology can scale
you are right but it 's also important to understand the timetable .
research is important but if his technology is sound and operational it wo n't be deployed commercially on a large scale for decades .
it 's the same thing with people talking about fusion sure it could be nice but our children will be dead before they 're adopted on a large scale if ever .
are you going to dismiss their efforts too just because they 're operating on a small scale ?
no their efforts are laudable and we still need innovation but the first commercial fusion plant ready to be scaled would open in 50 years at best .
i 'm not sure it was true considering divina baga and cheryl have all worn their promo looks many times before the show and gothy explained on insta that hers is from a share outfit with friends .
these days the only ones who are n't cut to shreds at the top level are in the heaviest couple weight classes .
everyone else has to be extremely lean to be competitive just like wrestling or any other weight class sport .
the number traveling outside the us is definitely growing which is great .
people who travel outside the us tend to be much less close minded .
wo du den humor ansprichst hätte ein groundcontroller wie kennedy steve mit seiner art in deutschland probleme mit den höheren stellen ?
i quit my meds a few months ago and recently started them back .
why wasnt it good for you if you dont mind me asking ?
someone please photoshop a rolex with the text i 'm trapped inside the rolex factory pls send help ''
just destroy the head that fell off by smashing it .
the site is'nt really made for mobile it works best on a computer .
scroll down and click on the dark grey button with the text petition mizeichnen and a pencil-icon on it .
to the right click on the text ich bin neu hier this means i am new here with an orange icon of a pen signing a paper next to it .
fill in your e-mail must be a real one .
choose a password not shorter than 8 characters with at least one uppercase and one lowercase letter a number or a special character like ?
repeat the password in the next field to the right .
skip the first two fields and fill in you first name vorname first and then your family name nachname in the field to the right .
8. fill in a c/o address if you got one next is street and street number then comes post number followed by the name of your town and lastly your country .
skip the next two fields unless you want to share what organization you belong to or your phone number .
click on the dark grey button with the words jetz registrieren on it this means register and if you filled in the form like you 're supposed to you will now be registered .
open your mail application and click on the first link in the mail titled epetitionen .
go back to the starting page of the petition .
select the first rounded checkbox if you want your full name to be public in the petition or the second only if you only want a registration number to be seen .
click on the dark grey button that says jetzt mitzeichnen followed by a letter-icon .
and your done a true champion for the planet !
something similar happened in almonte https ottawacitizen.com/news/local-news/police-investigating-online-threat-at-almonte-high-school causing them to cancel an interschool football game .
they removed the pineapple juice from the store a few days ago..
i would n't have ever made this post if that was n't the case .
and seeing how they performed at the etihad i do n't even have hopes that we 'll win
the difference is i liked lydia 's mom lol ... .i 'm not feeling braunwyns
of course the self-proclaimed shaman is from the us !
so if plastic floats around the ocean for a thousand years that 's a bad thing .
if the plastic breaks down into something else or gets buried at the bottom of the ocean that 's also a bad thing because it 's gone missing .
i imagine its similar to flexing your tenor typmpani and stapedius .
i 've always known plucking eyebrows to be viewed as taking care of yourself working on your appearance being groomed etc .
what are they trying to achieve with this rule ?
i doubt anyone has ever been attracted to someone for the sole reason of their eyebrows being attractive or something .
it does play a role but if you 're conventionally unattractive already then plucking your eyebrows wo n't change a lot .
there are lots of people who have never plucked their eyebrows and are still very attractive because like i said eyebrows are just a small part .
this is such an incredibly pointless rule at least to me .
i 'm glad i went to school in a place where i could dress however i wanted as long as my private bits were n't exposed .
kinda sounds how they would make sure it ends .
release the world 's and make the server for mrs free worlds awful .
if you went to a theme park and the rides had a 1.7 of crashing that ride would be illegal
pokémon ranger is good but mystery dungon is also good
they make really good tech metalcore/djent but they got shafted by their record label last year .
sub 20 liked and watched all do same for me ty https youtu.be/gal_8sna3k0
easy to explain all leicester players are outscoring theire expected stats .
they have scored 13 goals more than expected ! ! !
of course some guy will say that players like maddison and vardy are from a high quality so it 's just natural for them to outscore their stats .
but no other side have outscored their stats more than 5 goals ...
sorry if my original post sounded harsh i 'm not saying they should n't have made the show or anything .
just made me remember how much anxiety the book gave me so i figured i 'd see if other people had the same experience .
she makes a decent offensive mage which works with the mirage nodes for ep or mind .
after i got access to musse i tuned altina more for support giving her stuff like adamantine shield and crescent mirror to protect the party during bigger fights and alisa 's mq that resurrects after death .
i 'd suggest putting the mirage bell to speed up casts of crescent mirror in the other white node if you 're going the support route too .
which cdm-duo to start with in a german bundesliga squad with csl brasils as options ?
have this players as option all on min 8 chemistry possible ! !
defence line up is fixed neuer alaba lucas hernandez otw akanji pisscheck fb
sadly your post has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions you can message the mod team through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/cursedcomments replies to this removal comment will not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
had those on my wishlist forever but i get what you mean i love when games/movies line up with what they 're based off but its always a lil bit of a let down when they go off track or a bit different
4 hrs netflix so screen on time would be high .
do the same with normal usage and it will drop big time .
if i ever obtain cash money i 'm gon na get a commission
if the joke is haha username usually it 's still fucking unfunny .
you mean you 're not someone who thinks the nordic model is stalinism ?
well okay then i guess it 's okay for u.s. consumption .
also anarcho-communism is a thing which is one of the examples i was using when i said that communism is not always inherently authoritarian .
you 're the one who brought up centrally planned economies .
i love it every time to see something else than standard pop music covers in this sub !
i did n't know that deutsche grammophon does audiobooks too
wow i thought i was the only one who felt like this .
the world is so chaotic and exhausting and my own mind is so chaotic and exhausting .
i barely feel like i can rest at all .
our rules about memes have been greatly relaxed for the day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tf2 if you have any questions or concerns .
the library gpl 2.0 is basically the same as lesser gpl 2.1 except a few small editorial changes .
not sure how my title is received i am saying that i am used to z6 image quality and s10 is n't even a disappointment for a phone camera .
i am still getting strictly coins ase n cml and bars .
at home or in a museum but would n't wearing it out to show the public be an even greater display than hanging it in your home ?
someone has been using stinky language and u/i__like__nuggets decided to check u/profanitycounter 's bad word usage .
i have gone back one thousand posts and comments and reviewed their potty language usage .
kind of an unpopular opinion but even being a left-oriented guy and hate the domination of capital and business over the sport i think its just dumb to deny the existence of a team that 's already in the league for some years giving great results .
i know it does n't have the tradition but its already happening its not inevitable .
i remember that bvb among some other teams threatened quit the league when they got promoted to 1st division but they did n't do it so that 's that .
redbull is n't a richer club than ours and they have a comparable squad and pretty interesting tactics and football developing a lot of awesome players .
i hate the team but i really like some of their players .
and i\`d prefer see them winning for once than bayern for the 8th time come on .
bundesliga is dead with this domination maybe leipzig winning could motivate another feelings and motivations to the teams .
a uk trademark lawyer in a radio interview stated she didnt have a leg to stand on primarily because the phrase was a derivative from the bible or something .
well to be fair military spending is dwarfed by what is spent on handout programs .
military spending is provided for in the constitution handout programs are not .
ahh i did n't know who the other chick was with hayley in that version .
i like how nobody in the sub us talking about balistae
they werent lying when they said that red dead online was their top priority .
pc is literally an afterthought a year after the fact
online stay that blew me away ... lamar jackson is 27 days younger than joe burrow
i think it would be otherwise instead as in princess failed to control and nearly got controlled by accident instead .
they should absolutely deny coverage tuning an engine voids the warranty everyone knows that .
you do something that is n't allowed then cry victim that 's the problem with society today
and correct me if i 'm wrong it 's a 5yr 60k warranty your post says it has 72k on it ... .now i 'm no mathematician but that is like what 12k over .
and my point was my stock 2.0 runs great along millions of others peoples run great with a stock tune so what you got some rare 2.0 that ran like crap so u had to put a tune on it .
just like ford i 'm not an idiot u put a tune on it to get more power i mean come on lol
i was actually about to google this as i lately play more sc vi and i enjoy the creator mode so i want to upload more stuff here !
dude y'all are paying gus almost the exact same despite almost firing him every year only to give him a bigger raise/buy out .
it 's been like watching a toxic relationship perpetuated by money .
whilst i agree with the sentiment maslow 's hierarchy is a very much outdated model that largely only seems to have stuck around for introductions to sociology teaching etc .
namely using maslow 's hierarchy leads to profiles or predictive models that do n't well describe actual living people .
if for instance you have a child as most humans do you will find that a lot of your priorities are drastically different to the pyramid .
it 's a bit like using base jungian assumptions in the modern era ... jung is n't bad i would even consider myself somewhat jungian in approach but that it is n't useful as a describing tool .
and what about that one weird lancer face ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ! ?
try r/headphoneadvice and follow these guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/headphoneadvice/comments/6pguaa/you_can_help_keep_the_sub_organized_and_tidy_with when making a post .
some people literally eat shit in the bedroom so there 's someone out there that would lick them .
i 'm a germaphobe so that person is not me .
the thing with ls you ca n't really rely on his opinion because you never know if he is right on a subject or just really stubborn .
ls only looks for a facts to support his assumptions but he never looks for a ways to challenge them .
some of the best money i spend and i have no money .
when you can set the phone down as soon as you click the video it 's worth it .
in what way have i been stringing him along ?
shits pretty bad honestly i also bought a 5 pack and it was shit my mentor tried it and said it was useless to practice on because it 's nothing like skin .
so you can either get pig skin from a butcher i liked that idea but freezing what i was n't using and then remembering to thaw pieces on days i wanted to practice seemed like a logistical nightmare .
i liked the grapefruits because they 're large enough that you can try relatively large designs .
if you fully pierce the rind that simulates a blowout so in that aspect it 's useful for determining practicing needle depth .
it has less resistance which is more similar to real skin and if you use a shader on the rind and do too many passes it chews the rind up and that is also similar to skin .
plus it smells nice when you 're working with it .
useless for practicing your stretches but most materials are .
but yeah that fake skin you have to work 4 times are hard to get anything to stay in there .
now that i 'm doing actual tattoos my opinion is that the fake skin is next to useless .
i find java redstone tough but it 's just which one your more used to
it simply is n't possible for them to play all their songs in one show .
i saw them 2 out of 3 shows in tulsa and there were still a couple of my favorites that i did n't hear .
i have been to like 7 or 8 jack white solo shows and am still dying to hear him play death letter live .
as a jigglypuff main in smash and having it as a favorite in the games this feels absolutely insulting .
wigglytuff 's dex entry even officially states that it can get 20 times bigger without dynamaxing .
halo infinite is confirmed to be a scarlett launch title so i 'd be surprised if we get it that early .
unless they just full on reveal the new console or a date ?
that 'd be pretty rad but also feels like it 's too early .
tell her parents if their fucking badass demon spawn attempts to touch your cat again you 're calling the cops and having her arrested for trespassing and theft .
i 'm sure that will get your point across .
and actually call the cops on her if you see her again .
how about they stop the asshole in the first place which would have prevented the victim having to retaliate .
if you 're on assisted living you probably should n't be blowing money on drugs anyway .
i know klean even discussed it in a recent youtube video of his playing .12 with shroud as well .
four 10 hour days would be great for most of us stuck with a long commute for one reason or another .
i was about to say a lot more of what i was thinking of as wise shit but i think rather i 'll try to spare your post the long ranting comment and just say
anyone feel to dm/pm me for more whimsical acid sayings at any time
when time comes the tickets will be avaiable here https www.slbenfica.pt/pt-pt/loja/bilhetes/jogos
would you be able to point me towards said leaks ?
i go into literally every uga game nervous my dude
it 's good in its original use but it seems to basically be the next iteration of no u ''
your mother should listen instead of scream at you .
wait until she has calmed down choose an opportune moment and discuss the subject with her in a calm mannter .
she probably knows she was wrong and that she over-reacted .
i 'm schizophrenic and all my friends are scared of me now .
if my mom has to borrow she always pays us back although we try to just let her keep it just to help out .
parents should n't feel entitled to your money because they raised you .
i can practically feel the cool autumn wind blowing past .
i thought dana said at one time women would never fight in the ufc ?
they 've played 5 games against the afc and we 've played 6 .
we have one more win in one more game hence us being in the 6th seed .
edit if we both win out we 'd still be the 6th seed because we 'd have a tiebreaker over the colts and bills but the raiders would leapfrog us to be the 5th seed since they 'd have one more win against common opponents considering they get to play the chargers 2 times .
i do n't think that 's what he 's saying ...
don cherry is walking talking evidence of the irrelevance of hockey reinforcing the public image that the sport is a refuge for red neck canucks who love a good fight and hate a brown neighbor .
in any other sport such comments would result in the removal of that person from the broadcast lineup .
cherry represents the base of the market and therefore is untouchable .
this is a small part of what i spend my time on i actually have read hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy .
dude you 're also on reddit i 'm spending my time on reddit talking about my beliefs you 're spending your time on reddit trying to stop me from doing that so maybe like chill .
it 's all the spilled liquid from a bar counter rubber mat whatever those liquids might be poured into one and drank ... usually by dopes .
you know these videos were tv personal are making fun of esports ?
he was the guy that was on panels discussing esports and defending it .
which people take a lot more serious if it comes from a 'real ' sportsman .
is there a fanfiction like this please and thank you
men are n't being denied the right or opportunity to be parents they opt out for a wide variety of reasons often tied to internalized expectations
if you have not checked www.bringatrailer.com i recommend keeping an eye out for spiders .
i 've seen quite a few get sold on it
i just got one of these they are actually an official product https www.deepdiscount.com/playstation-notebook/5055964715397 https www.deepdiscount.com/playstation-notebook/5055964715397
please use comma s as the separator of the different title elements .
here are our title guidelines see the title formatting guidelines in the sidebar for examples
if you are the artist and do n't want to use your own name you can use me as the artist .
if you are not the artist you must specify the artist name .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/art if you have any questions or concerns .
actually their temperament https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_lapphund temperament matches with their looks .
on his newest autopsy the bruises showed that it was most likely a homicide rather than a suicide .
or they wanted his programmes to continue but under a new leader
why would they attack and force the renouncement of every other person in evo 's party if that 's what they wanted ?
would n't evo be the only one being forced to leave the government and someone else from his party being elected according to your narrative ?
yes do go for lunch at a farm in franschhoek or stellenbosch i recommend tokara delicatessen https www.facebook.com/tokaradelicatessen you do n't need to like wine to enjoy the winelands experience .
or check out spice route https www.spiceroute.co.za in paarl .
they are all just an hour 's drive from the city centre .
if you want to spend more time closer to the city then try cape point vineyards https cpv.co.za they have amazing views over noordhoek valley and picnics on the lawn you will love it .
it all depends on how he responds to our start during this easier schedule .
right now his play calling is still questionable his game management is questionable and his willingness to be a leader and delegate tasks as a hc is required to do is questionable .
too many media responses of i do n't know ask freddie '' from both players and coordinators .
it sounds like you have a lot of emotions to unpack .
it does n't seem like she 's really doing anything wrong .
i 'm not in any way trying to diminish your feelings because they are 100 valid but it has to be very hard to be in her position .
i would definitely at the very least take some time to sit down with your dad and tell him your concerns .
oh i see now that 's what you meant .
that 's not a test driver but at least she 's on their books .
and who knows maybe this is such a great confidence boost for her that she steps up against some better competition in f3 open next year .
and just to make it clear to everyone the w series top 5 undoubtedly has the talent to be pro drivers just not at all on the f1-level .
lol i just love his dance and the song .
to be honest planting trees is n't a real form of carbon sequestration ... they are a carbon neutral solution slightly offset for the worse by the trucks shipped around to plant the saplings .
good feelings are n't gon na save us guys i 'm sorry .
we should consider starting an environmental science research initiative .
they can also bitch and moan at democrats when the gop has all three branches of government .
must be nice actually getting her out of 12 games i 've gotten her as support once so far .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
the lag in asia is a bit too much for me .
you have to start a new account for each server .
if you are in no hurry to reach master rank just play unranked for the fun .
sure there are some who still bring meta decks to unranked and ruining everybody 's fun but it 's mostly diverse deck instead of the same 3 in ranked .
your comment was removed because it contained a slur a personal attack on another redditor or similar offensive content which has been reported by others .
there 's something about listening to it as a release rather than any one track that kind of alleviates that apprehensive feeling you 'd have around those parts otherwise .
i saw this meme on the same subreddit around two and a half months ago .
holy shot i love the blue jerseys and white pants .
i 'm on pc but you can add me by rocketid matt 9372
i 'm plat2/3 in 3v3 and gold 2/3 in 2v2 but i only play 2v2 with my friend who is new-ish .
hell you mean damm you deserve even more than that .
i know mid-map aa is inconsistent as hell but something is really wrong code-wise to cause this .
right as i spawned in a single burst nailed me had to rtb thanks to that .
that 's kind of what i decided to cut off her limbs she has no way of escaping then
lol big shot over here thinks he is good lmao
yeah dec 25 is a lovely day and i look forward to it every year .
it 's the two months of tacky decorations annoying music and crass commercialism leading up to christmas day that i do n't care for .
how are people ever going to be able to trust the police if shit like this happens ...
but if i go in i will not get a toll evasion notice right ?
they will just take the toll out of my account ?
this sub does overrate our prospects but it also overrates the canadien 's ability to develop top prospects .
this pattern of priming players in the ahl or putting players in situations where they 'll struggle to succeed is what we do .
hence why outside of price we have no home grown talent .
nobody knows and nobody will know if he plays 3rd and 4th line minutes and situations .
it does start getting warmer however as someone who hiked it early may of this year around the 12th it dropped into the low 30s for three nights .
my friends had done the same section in may 2017 and were hot the whole time someone they met along the way even got heatstroke so i only brought shorts .
you can connect with other players souls in the seam i 'm fairly certain those sre the ones throwing you items but i 'm not sure
pole needs to sponsor some of these translating apps cus whew he started this trend !
god i just want pyro black widow and oracle .
yeah we got a delivery for a washer and dryer up by the castle .
i think truex likes to whine a lot and i 'm not impressed when i watch him on the track .
to be fair i 'm not impressed with a lot of the racing this year so that 's not solely on him this year .
i think the point is cheating is bad because the person is going outside of the established relationship for sex .
when you 're in a relationship you have the reasonable expectation that your partner will have sex with you and no one else .
if a person is single that expectation does n't exist .
we finished first in crystal3 28 more stars then 2nd place and won every war .
it 's funny because this is what i will be doing lmao
analysis of u/o_jureg 's activity in political subreddits over the past 1000 comments and submissions .
summary this user does not have enough activity in political subs for analysis or has no clear leanings they might be one of those weirdo moderate types .
of comments|total comment karma|median words comment|pct with profanity|avg comment grade level|no .
bleep bloop i 'm a bot trying to help inform political discussions on reddit .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 because it did not end with a question mark .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
do not include answers or examples in the post title .
you can post answers as comment replies when you 've reposted .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/dukvvy/whats_something_you_really_want_to_brag_about .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
well guess i better delete this since someone else did something similar ...
no i didnt check very hard for something i didnt know existed .
i suspect they mean they were expecting something like game of thrones ' style and tone though not necessarily its explicit violence and sex .
if the cpc had campaigned on the carbon tax being the single ballot question they would have likely won .
polling has indicated that since support for the carbon tax is a divisive issue that falls almost right down the middle upper-hand to the cpc for being the only major party that supports axing it vs three parties that want to keep it .
the carbon tax was definitely a major part of the conservative strategy .
they recognized it as a sword '' issue for the conservatives in the gta and a shield '' issue for the liberals .
august 2018 hamish marshall sees the carbon tax as a budding wedge issue https www.macleans.ca/politics/ottawa/if-justin-trudeau-loses-it-will-be-because-of-andrew-scheers-secret-weapon .
november 2018 conservatives are united against the carbon tax and spoiling for a fight https www.macleans.ca/politics/ottawa/a-carbon-tax-just-try-them .
the conservative slogan was based on affordability it 's time for you to get ahead . ''
every gas pump in ontario has a sticker on it https saultonline.com/2019/10/ontario-argues-carbon-tax-stickers-on-gas-pumps-help-free-expression attacking the federal carbon tax .
and yet the conservatives failed to break through in the gta https www.macleans.ca/politics/ottawa/a-338canada-analysis-where-the-conservatives-lost their net gain in the gta was zero seats .
their share of the popular vote in ontario declined .
as long as the conservative position on climate change is to do as little as possible https policyoptions.irpp.org/magazines/august-2019/emissions-will-rise-under-conservative-climate-plan i suspect that climate change will be a difficult issue .
the globe and mail summarizes public opinion on the carbon tax https www.theglobeandmail.com/politics/article-nearly-two-thirds-of-canadians-oppose-provincial-governments-spending as of may 2019
about 64 per cent of respondents said it is unacceptable for provinces to opt out of the federal effort to combat climate change including the carbon tax according to a survey done by nanos research for the globe and mail .
as well 64 per cent of respondents said they oppose provincial governments spending public money to fight the tax .
my guess is that opposition to the federal carbon tax will decline over time as the fear uncertainty doubt accompanying any new policy becomes less of a factor as more people become aware that the revenue is divided up and returned in advance as an annual dividend climate action incentive '' at tax time ensuring that 80 of households come out ahead and as the impacts of climate change get worse .
i 'm very curious to see if the cpc will stick to its current position on carbon taxes for the next election campaign .
hahah at least the kids are trying.the eldest will set the tone for the others and he is at least trying so thats good .
you do n't even necessarily have to stealth to tie them up .
i 've only encountered one group of enemies but when one charged at me i had the strand readied and roped him into it .
you think they 're actually going to pick up arms against other citizens ?
they did it very effectively before and they 're ready to do it again .
they might wheel someone out on cnn every once in a while who says i voted for trump in 2016 but i never will again '' but those are few and far between .
i 'd be willing to be there are a lot more who would say i liked trump but i did n't even bother voting in 2016 cause i did n't think he had a chance to win .
now that i know he can win i 'm definitely coming out in 2020 '' .
i always thought i had a problem with fapping before nnn but tbh i 'm fine .
i 'm not walking around with a fucking teepee in my trousers 24/7 .
what kind of bet did he loose to have to wear that ?
when he was barking at the missed defensive rotation the other night i could n't help but root for him .
1. who does n't love music in the shower ?
if you do n't it makes a perfect white elephant gift .
shut up auto die in a hole because nobody loves you you psychologist
‘nio nätters led ' is a song to fit the mood
just imagine how living must be outside the most irrationao thinking state in the world must be
it takes hundreds of hours of qa verification to make sure a feature works on a particular device kernel combination .
it 's worse as these immigrants are usually pro family/children read major breeders so they increase the population by having a load of kids .
i 'd like to think if she 'd spilled bodily fluids on my work she would have done the same thing your teacher did ... but then again maybe not .
yeah its baffling how so many people on this subreddit believe his shitty stunt .
i realized i have adhd precisely because my son has it and i was like wait a minute ...
up until then i thought this kind of thing was me being too delicate or just useless for some stuff
it does n't get better with antidepressants because duh they are not treating the root of the problem ... !
i 've had a similair seat not very comfortable for long sessions .
also an adjustable backrest sounds nice in theory but it pratice it 's just another part that will wobble and flex all the time .
when i google muffins '' i want ingredients time in the oven and temperature .
usually the top recipes are pages and pages of text backstory personal stories about muffins inter spaced with 10 ads and you have to look for the ingredients temperature and time ''
i thought this was a pic of ahri teemo and teemos sister before i read the title .
nobody fucking knows but that 's his answer so people are taking it as gospel
i 'm saying that is not how it works .
and even if it were the stupid fairytale idea that there are good and evil people as if life were a cartoon also means it 's not a good idea to arm those potentially intrinsically evil people™ with the power of state violence .
i 'm not the one being naive and grasping for the simplest version of reality possible .
real life is n't a kiddy fight between good and bad .
ibo suits ca n't appear in any build series until 2020 .
analysis of u/krustyy_krab 's activity in political subreddits over the past 1000 comments and submissions .
summary this user does not have enough activity in political subs for analysis or has no clear leanings they might be one of those weirdo moderate types .
of comments|total comment karma|median words comment|pct with profanity|avg comment grade level|no .
bleep bloop i 'm a bot trying to help inform political discussions on reddit .
ca n't believe i went 12 years thinking i was straight
my heart seems to sink every time i think of this situation .
he is still an amazing friend so i am sure if he knew of this that is what he would want too .
for me it 's the competition of flat games in my backlog that i also need to play .
i 'm pretty patient in waiting for the games i want to drop in price and currently i 'm smashing through hitman 2 and god of war whilst also juggling my civ 6 addiction on switch .
coupled with the fact it 's much more relaxing to play these games due to less 'brain work ' my psvr has not been fired up anywhere near as much as i 'd like .
the last vr game that had me hooked was re7 .
although i did spend a fair amount of time in dirt rally vr
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
i dislike ls as much as the next guy but you can find reasons more compelling than he cheated in a game when he was a teenager it 's completely irrelevant
i find it difficult to believe this is legal .
do you know where to get the separate client ?
did n't r/pokemon used some footage from a mobile game to prove that random devs '' can do better animation than game freak ... then it was later proven that the game ripped off the animations from pokken tournament anyway ?
the fact that the r/pokemon mods need to put up a post saying you should be tolerant of other 's opinions on sword shield i.e .
do n't antagonize others for liking/disliking the game or care/do n't care about dexit does n't help your point either .
granted they might not be as toxic as the dexers that spam https twitter.com/gamertakes/status/1180613852058312704/photo/1 masuda 's https twitter.com/sashametralleta/status/1193720560246820870 twitter https twitter.com/aggressivejuice/status/1171630744235642881 but they are far away from clean .
fun fact in slovenia country of origin of tomos we call the model a3 čebelica '' which translates to small bee in english .
i agree the number of posts are minimal relative to previous years .
but unfortunately i think allowing memes would just drown out everything/anything quality .
i would be in more favour of things that get moved to the daily thread being allowed as separate threads .
im amazed there are no jeated gamer moments in the comments
looks like crossover of original khadgar and his voice actor .
if you do n't want to min/max a staff is fine for fanatic .
i even play fanatic with a shield and i like it .
spellsinger edgeripper enigmatist and many other classes are often used with a staff .
cloth is fine you just should get physicaldamage reduction on every piece of gear .
in 1v1 it 's all about cc and bursting the enemie down before they manage to kill you and in small and large scale you should always stay back far enough to not be focused by melees .
im a simple man i see toxic people i downvote
just do you enjoy what you wan na watch and listen to .
also do n't be so defensive if people do n't wan na watch or enjoy that shit .
do n't be afraid to play a character who is n't meta .
play who you think is cool regardless of what the tier list says .
skilled players do n't rely on strong characters to carry them to victories besides weak characters will eventually get buffed probably .
source lawbringer main since i started playing in season 2 .
i used to work 12s 3 on 4 off 4 on 3 off .
there was this classical liberal party in india idont know it 's name but fought for this .
if you want to go way back some of the other best in the series are heart gold/soul silver which are also excellent games though kinda spendy
nah he 's just part of the often neurotic raw food movement the extreme end of which is fruit only .
i mean a religious belief might be behind it but usually not
we are the best in europe and city is the best in england proved by them dominating all domestic titles last year .
even though it is literally just by one point and just by 11 milimeters they still won the pl title last season so they were better than us .
idc what you do having to take a 9 hour chunk out of your day to do something you dont feel like doing day after day .
from what i can find that psu was launched in 2008 and has not been available for years .
he 's honestly not much worse than brady talent wise brady just has the luxury of playing in the patriots system
you 're not just a survivor you are a winner .
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
chain post submissions that belong as comments on an earlier post will be deemed chain posts and are eligible for removal .
this especially applies to fixed posts and posts made in reference to other posts .
if you feel this was done in error have fixed your post or would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to contact the moderation team via modmail do not private message or send chat requests to individual moderators they will be ignored
please carefully read the removal reason quoted above and the subreddit rules r/minecraft/w/rules and subreddit guidelines r/minecraft/w/guidelines before disputing removal .
here is the contact link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/minecraft subject=removal dispute message=my post https www.reddit.com/r/minecraft/comments/duozac to use after reading the rules .
under no circumstances post this again without first obtaining confirmation .
i would die from depression the next week if i were you .
i literally cried like a baby when i got home after party and it was nowhere near the 2g .
if you want to talk to someone my dms are open !
my statement was coming from what i 've seen in shops looking only at the same price range .
turns out you ca n't pay less for more space at greater speed ...
now i know better but the jump in price is still a little steep
the 1tb version is a little faster as you said 3200mo/s vs 3000mo/s and the price per gb is lower but 80€ tightens my wallet a bit i admit .
still you make a valid point i 'll keep searching for a better deal then .
my take is if the performer is respectful the audience should n't boo .
if anything stay silent but it 's kinda disrespectful to boo especially someone who is n't a headliner when they gave their respect to you .
as for your data try contacting the creator of keybase ccoyne77 gmail.com
good story but not really pro revenge rather r/maliciouscompliance .
besides it will probably be taken down because of the use of acronyms .
thanks for putting on an event like this really breaths new life into the game at least for me .
and i completely understand the difficulty of advertising your pursuits .
started doing youtube myself and the first 10 subscribers is so difficult but before you know it you 've hit 1,000 .
hopefully this series brings some new faces to your channel !
what if i use it not in bed with us ?
it 's not free because you 're paying by watching ads .
so if a youtuber makes 2000 3000 in a video just with normal ads around 1 million views they will get paid like 30,000 for a sponsored video .
they want you to think they 're broke they 're not .
is cash not widely used as a mode of payment in china anymore ?
i sometimes wonder how far such puzzles will go it 's easy falling into rabbit holes with patterns like 'all stripes are ambiguous ' .
that leads into far too many possibilities to map out .
idk if stake is available in nz but in aus you can .
on stake u can access the us exchanges and purchase fractional shares .
oh btw there is a promo at the moment where u can be win 1000 in berkeshire class a .
how about the takeaway is do n't just listen to the racist neighbor who called it in actually think for yourself and ask questions before committing a wrongful detainment/arrest .
i 'm familiar with that i suppose i 'd have to be in the situation and have that conversation with him i would see how i feel about it then
i knew that it said spite but i thought for some reason that sprite was called spite and the next comment would be a joke about that .
we did closed 8850 if it 'll open at the current price then there will be gap
the way i see it elliot expected the meeting to be a set-up but not to be caught on the way there
omg there is a talking car here which likes to race im not kidding got to see
i was tempted to put real activism '' in the title .
because these are the guys who actually do something about the issue they care about .
not retarded jholawala beedi chhap limousine liberals flitting from conference to dharna .
and mark my words protest-waale activists will never solve anything .
in fact they are the middle men who are a complete waste of time and money yes under various heads they draw large amounts salary and commission for their work '' .
the actual solutions to every thing from climate change to human rights will come from the stem fields .
they will be businessmen engineers scientists and the like who will make the world a better place .
finding substitutes for plastics for fossil fuels for afforestation for law and order monitoring making all these things commercially viable and scalable .
while nobels will be given to retards for displaying retardation .
easy open '' means theres perforations on the back that can make the packaging easier to tear into .
engineer i suppose ... the turrets and armour mounts are awesome
nah it 's the creation engine so different ! '
idk why these dumb fucks are arguing with you you 're 1000 right lmao .
i have always thought that anybody that feels the need to point out the difference between a clip and a magazine is a weirdo long before bangalore came around !
have you checked if your temps are consistent through the print ?
i have both fear of ridicule and the ability to answer people back if i feel they have been rude about me so i 'm half and half .
i have a strange idea that everyone must be respectful towards me and that if someone is n't then everything 's ruined and it 's a sign of my failure as a human being .
living in a society which is incredibly judgemental and callous means i find it hard to survive as i 'm an easy target due to my very fear of it as well as not fitting in looks and attitude-wise .
i have to remind myself that the desire to humiliate another person is the shameful thing not me just being me .
rationally i can understand this but emotionally it still makes me feel like a failure .
last time we went into town something i only feel up to every so many months we 'd be walking along and i 'd see people staring at me and i 'd stare them out and they 'd look away with a smirk on their face why do people do this ? ?
if they did n't stare in the first place they would n't get the staring match which they lose .
i 'd love to know just what it is about me that causes such consternation it 's like i 'm actively breaking some rule or other .
i 've noticed people are more likely to do this in the town/near shops than out in nature like in the park so it 's some kind of capitalist-influenced competitive thing i think .
i think these people are very focused on finding someone to fee superior to which indicates to me that they generally do n't feel good about themselves or have much going on in their heads if they have so much interest in a complete stranger .
i 'd take whatever christmas gifts you would get for her but leave her the box and receipt or instructions .
this way you can say we did n't take the whole gift ... ''
and the fact it can instakill you if you get too close .
so training it in a circle does n't work either since it can grab you from like 100 feet away
just do n't play gwent if u want to avoid stress n anxiety
emulating is n't illegal as long as you bought a copy of the game .
i bought all the pokemon games i enjoy like emerald or heartgold so what is wrong with modding and enjoying randomizer or cool hacks ?
if anything the popularity of randomizers and romhacks for many classic nintendo games like pokemon super metroid or zelda a link to the past as well as the emergence of new genres like mobas autochess battlearenas battle royale games etc .
shows that true innovation is often a result of embracing fanculture and trying to craft new experiences based on what people seem to crave and love !
maybe it is because my gaming experience was always heavily pc focussed with only a few mostly nintendo consoles by the side but modding is what gives a game a lot more value than it has on its own to me .
cracking open a game to create fun challenges via nuzlocke hacks in pokemon putting in your own quest areas via mods in old rpgs hell even using cheats to spawn a ton of different stuff just to see how the engine reacts .
experimentation is a good thing and a lot of great content was created this way the gaming scene would be a lot worse off without these efforts .
imagine if gf re-added not only challenger mode from gen 5 back into the game but also had an unlockable randomizer and nuzlocke in the postgame .
people would buy these games based off of that alone !
storm rune wo n't be expecting a mirror as soon as you play off-meta cards like solomon or eleanor .
and to be honest it matters not because in a mirror match both sides still aim to storm face asap and that is effective against dshift .
also i have no idea why roach is easier than storm rune .
you have 0 pressure to stop them from bouncing so if they play normally you lose .
if you play the list which is basically storm rune with dshift plan b things would be different though .
glasses i think that contacts are harder to take care of
s/r m/w patterns triangle patterns candlestick patterns/formations are all things that i do not believe to be price action or at least effective price action .
there is other pa and if you have enough chart time you will begin to see significant things that happen on a daily basis with pa .
i do n't need to feel a sharp intrusion threatening to perforate my epidermis to classify it as negative .
presumably a sensory mechanism that is non-experiential could as effective .
well yes a sensory mechanism that feels pain and moves away from it – yes that i can comprehend yet it does n't seem enough to call consciousness .
however a much more sophisticated input/response system that can interpret past events and a range of sensory inputs – that i can not imagine without consciousness .
and so it seems to me that if that system becomes sophisticated enough then the organism with that system may well be conscious .
i am not sure there is anything extra that needs the additional processing power that you correctly say would be expected to be selected against .
it seems that we are short of a precise definition of what consciousness is and thus there are no clear criteria to meet to know when we have found consciousness .
i guess i 'm saying it may be right under our noses .
i think this is a missing the forest for the trees sort of post .
haha sure i do n't understand it – but then who does ?
gen 7 had a mechanic tied to the weekday the island scanner .
depending on the day of the week you could find different pokemon with it .
np feel free to ask for more recommendations i listen to a bunch of funky obscure stuff not a lot of peeps know about .
my first clinic absolutely refused to give me a copy of their notes my second clinic gladly emails me a copy of their embryo observation sheet so i can see all the details of how each embryo developed .
i 'll just leave this thread frequented by hk protesters here where all upvoted comments are defending burning the old man https lihkg.com/thread/1706504/page/1
given that there 's a significant proportion of westerners and other international people who recently joined this reddit sub while lihkg is in cantonese chinese and essentially only for hongkongers on the ground i think the views there defending this act and saying the old man had it coming and worse should have been done to him is more representative of the future direction of the protest than the views condemning this act here on reddit .
if antifascists are fascist for using violence as that 's the only common point i would like your friend to explain the many characteristics '' then they agree the police and by extension the state is inherently fascist .
he 's too talented to not continue this performance .
i just changed 750 to 900 so i do n't see any problems ...
hyenas are one of the rare animals i 've seen for cash that have pretty amazing stats .
i have one alpha female and 2 males to make sure ahaha .
she'a had about 3 babies now i think and her parents had 4 and so on
if you are requiring a visa i strongly recommend to avoid jokes .
i emailed them because i preordered a limited edition grip case with the prism screen protector and they told me they wanted to ship my order altogether in one package .
asked me if they should just ship them separately and told them it 's fine and i can wait for it all in one package .
in case you 've forgotten nazi '' is short for national socialist '' .
aftv is the worst thing that 's happened to the club in my lifetime
just get all golds on the first try dumbass .
got to be one of my favourite lyrics ever .
google and apple refund most of if not all refund claims .
that 's why most games have ban if you refund rule .
not for me but it 's got extremely laggy in the last 5min
she was raised in the church i said it was church history and some other things .
her reason she outlined was the church 's stance on conversion therapy .
nta it 's not like you 're gon na be watching the feed as if you had nothing else to do .
no one cares about their comes and goes i believe you 'll only check the feed if something goes missing again right ?
also no right to privacy once outside the house .
the frog statue on top of hateno tech lab has the exact same glasses that purah wears .
i always max charge get 15 shards and at least 300 points .
i was leaning more towards fact that i reckon that motorbike would have their lights off if they could road sense be damned .
not really but i have n't told many people .
it 's improved my marriage massively my wife and i now communicate better because we understand that we communicate differently and can better bridge the double empathy gap .
my family were n't surprised either i 'm pretty sure my mum is autistic and i think my sister got diagnosed as an adult as well .
my dad is particularly interested in how my adhd medication has improved my wellbeing i suspect he has adhd after the stories of people giving him speed in his youth and him ... not noticing a difference .
my friends are fine they barely batted an eye .
i 'm the same person i was before but do n't force eye contact and can say too autistic to hang out tonight when i 've had enough socials .
🤤🤤🤤 damn i want to workout at your gym .
if the only way you can get kills is by killing randoms unprovoked then your trash .
honestly your probably absolutely garbage at this game so you have to post a video of you killing a random so then you can pretend to be good at a casual game .
those panties are so tight around that sweet pussy i love it
cause my first void out about an hour ago .
fuck that first paragraph is exactly what my only 2 relationships have been like
half expected it to be called rtp on rodgers if i 'm honest .
crowd we are hongkonger ar fuck your mother-go back to your greater bay area la
i do n't know edgy stuff dark humour is still pretty funny to adults .
i was in the military most soldiers have this sick dark sense of humour to cope with stress
there is 100 a group of people out of frame who had just hit an officer with clubs while wearing masks .
not defending the police it this is expected with what is happening in hong kong
i read it three times and did n't notice it until i posted it
i do n't know how it came to be but my parents taught me all the rules as i grew up .
it was n't like i went and took a class i just sorta picked everything up throughout the years of going to restaurants
i 'm gon na bet that 's his little brother
now just let them have the same hours as golden road .
honestly.. it would probably be the only thing to put hardy over in this sub
that 's as close as you 're gon na get
how the fucking fuck can a united states senator and chairman of a crucial senate committee stand there and say he will not review evidence in an ongoing impeachment inquiry into the highest office in the land ?
the legislative branch must investigate the executive branch and keep it in check this is the foundational belief of checks and balances .
well then read the fucking transcripts and review the evidence and point out to the public how and where it 's a sham .
if it 's legitimate you 've sworn an oath to act upon it and uphold and defend the constitution of the untied states of american to which you owe your fancy senate office .
how bad must this man be caught in a web of blackmail that he 's willing to outright refuse to perform one of his constitutionally mandated responsibilities ?
when the impeachment makes its way to the senate with zero republican votes in the house they will hold a sham vote without hearing .
they 'll pretend it was all a joke and bury it in a 3am vote like they tried to do with the aca repeal .
the legislative branch is dead the judicial branch is on life support and the executive is on the verge of becoming an emperor .
these very well might be the final years of our democracy folks ... even if we survive trump a stronger and more competent autocrat will emerge and it 's clear how weak our institutions actually are .
the substance in question is called safrole '' and is found in sassafras sarsaparilla nutmeg etc .
in very high doses it caused liver cancer in lab rats .
more recent studies have failed to find similar results in humans https www.mcgill.ca/oss/article/did-you-know/root-root-beer-sassafras
old-fashioned root beer is one of my favorite and few vices .
my liver function was tested as part of a physical .
i noticed my test results were outside of the normal '' range so i asked my dr if it was a problem .
he told me my liver function is ideal '' and that 's why my results were outside of normal !
not trying to claim root beer is good for your liver !
but it 's waaaay down on my list of things to worry about .
no one can truly tell you based on any evidence .
but from my experience pretty much everything you said sounds like a trans experience
sometimes i dont experience any while sometimes its so heavy i cant do anything .
the experience you 're describing of feeling uncomfortable embarrassed and happy crying while presenting male all sound exactly like dysphoria/euphoria
its a misconception that all trans people for sure know when they are young and that they all experience suicidal tendencies
when i was still questioning i ended up finally just asking myself a simple question and going from there .
so for you id say ask yourself honestly this question
would i be happier and healthier living my life as alex ? ''
special thanks to all of you who provided ideas in https www.reddit.com/r/osr/comments/doy5ne/type\_of\_spellcasting\_systems https www.reddit.com/r/osr/comments/doy5ne/type_of_spellcasting_systems this feedback takes the form of an additional page of questions also all optional .
fdr should have been dragged out of his chair and shot .
is n't there a connection under the touchpad also ?
you 're right man the website of the company that produces and distributes all cuban cigars is just like some dude writing whatever they want online .
oh he 's a good qb he just gives the ball to the wrong team
also nobody has said this yet but unpressured planes can supply oxygen to the crew for hours .
i have worked i planes breathing oxygen all day .
jets are likely pressurized but could still have oxygen systems filled enough to fly on the entire flight .
my dad just said max has a 3 haircut .
could n't he just have rented a car and drove himself ?
but i guess if u got the money and do n't want to deal with the hassle .
taking a risk of injury to play a game by choice does not make the risk worth the amount of money they are paid .
stun tap had to go but he got other toys .
they 're not as totally separate as you 're thinking of them as .
that 's why sins in our body affect our souls for example .
i 'm a homeowner with a wife and kids .
listen man i have nothing against you but you 're kinda acting like a child .
i voted for obama but i still criticized him for the fucked up shit he did .
i do n't understand why republicans keep sucking trumps dick when he is obviously a corrupt moron .
i did a book report on tom sawyer in 3rd grade .
read the rest of his work through the years some books multiple times .
it 's interesting because i went to a series of very liberal schools which at the time considered mark twain essential childhood reading .
they have since removed any mention of him from the curriculum ... .because racist or something .
i 'm horrified at the contents of their curriculum these days .
there is a twain quote that rings especially true in this day and age with the way liberals have become so narrow and closed minded repressed and ideologically insular full of self-immolating elitism i never let my schooling get in the way of my education '' .
i am finding it seems conservatives with their more rural lifestyles have retained enough of an attention span and have enough of an appreciation for access to information to actually utilize the resources at their disposal to educate themselves for education 's sake .
whereas liberals living in cities have too much on their minds are too preoccupied with distractions and addicted to quick dopamine hits to absorb anything more complicated than a meme or tweet and too emotionally fragile and disconnected from their own sense of self to study anything in college that does not feed their emotional needs nevermind financial or intellectual needs mommy and dady/great leader handles those
want to wrap them around my shoulders or my hips ? 😉 i say we start with the first and work our way to the second .
yes he is very handsome compared to the others haha
decided one day to look into who this nf guy was who sang let you down ''
yeah i joined the party a little late but i 'm glad i l at least did !
hey sorry for the old post but thought another suggestion could n't hurt .
obviously depends how tall you are but the ex-officio bugsaway lumen hoodie was quite long on me that it kinda bunches up on me .
it 's extremely lightweight and thin though sometimes do n't realise it 's in my day pack and keeps mosquitoes and insects from biting me so far .
not if all those 20 people travelled on the tube .
disembarked and then used the taxi for the final mile
it 's all i know he 's actually my osteopaths brother who i 've met a number of times when he 's visited the uk and he tells us what he 's working on which goes over our head as we do n't know american soap operas but he showed us a picture of him getting an award so he 's definitely the real deal and has worked over there for over 20 years so he 's done ok for himself .
lovely bloke and 'phwoar ' well he was hired for his looks ! ! !
we 're friends on fb under a totally different name obviously and we ended up have a 3 way what 's app chat about got with us and his brothrt as had word got out it was a different production company or something and they can get snotty so obviously he says he watched it but does n't disclose how we dissect it after 🤣 or what geeks we are .
he knew about the leaks on reddit and i remember him laughing about arya killing the night king and saying 'as if ' .
a lot of the movie companies read reddit as they feel because its anonymous people will be more honest 🤷‍♂️
anyway i stayed up as i do n't work and at the adverts we 'd chat on what 's app all the complaining stuff etc .
at the very end i cried when drogon gently picked her up and flew off and we talk on and off now but he is the one who told me ages before it was announced that they were n't doing star wars any longer and i was quite skeptical as you would be .
he 's told me the odd bits about loads of different things not really noteworthy but when he told me this i 'm 'tell me more ' but he just said that at the current moment hbo worked out how many people did n't have internet did n't vote as they are n't on reddit fb or do n't use social media 😱 etc so they had they laid a lot of money to have their own analysis done and it was worse than predicted he said he reckoned disney did the same and were not prepared to take the risk bit they 're not exactly renowned for beieg truthful either and despite being an 'ethical ' company treat a lot of their employees like shit .
because got had made so much money and got hbo into the record books for the number of awards it was agreed that they would still back them but they would n't work for them again .
once word got out and they lost star wars they were no longer the hot commodity they thought they were .
they could have handled it differently but the stories started coming out more how they could be jekyll hyde with staff including actors .
some they 'd ring and say they would be killed off others found out at the read through .
they did n't even have the decency to tell kit harrington if he 'd be back till after he 'd been killed and a couple of weeks later he was told not to cut his hair or shave .
nicolai coster-warner had stand up rows towards the end about his arc and the more they rowed his screen time became less .
they had started to get a name already for being power hungry and not easy to work for if you answered them back .
they employed mostly kids straight from drama school or people with little acting experience to keep the costs down and hated it when the 6 got togrther to be paid the same lena heady must have smiled a lot behind the scenes during s8 as she got paid a lot standing there and drinking red wine .
some of it you believe some of it you do n't as it 's the entertainment industry but the figures of how many millions despised s8 was so much higher than hbo thought they were stuck .
that is what i 've been told obviously other stuff i ca n't and wo n't repeat and it has nothing to do with thrones .
believe it or not i do n't care but i think i am more intrigued that he is a different actor working for a different studio and they all gossip and bicker like kids in a playground .
only thing you can do.. is go for it when you 're ready mate .
but for sure if you have n't already is let yourself know you abused it .
and one day you will be good to go .
there 's even one where a guy does it with his bare hands .
he 's like republican lite™ where reasonable '' conservatives should be looking at his positions on various social issues .
supports capital punishment has a history of opposing marijuana legislation was considered a leader in the war on drugs '' opposes sanctuary cities he 's anti-internet privacy and for much of his history was borderline anti-choice and only extremely recently like as of 2019 has he become willing to repeal the hyde amendment and mexico city policy .
i 'm so sorry to hear about how acne affects your confidence !
i 'm keeping my fingers crossed that your purge will end soon .
i 'm tempted to try going without moisturizer and seeing how my skin reacts .
'' a person 's a person no matter how small ''
its not that i have a problem using brand names in a real-world setting its more like this being a modern fantasy set in its own world the brand names simply do n't exist .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
i do n't believe it ever creates an item with only suffixes or only prefixes unless it 's a 1-stat blue item but i am not 100 sure of that .
you do n't think getting a car keyed can cost thousands to repair ?
obviously i 'm sarcastically making fun of the premise of the comic so in essence the fact that you think that was a fucked up thing for me to say proves me right .
does n't make it ok to punch a child ?
so i 'd argue that you 're kind of piece of shit if you think keying someones car over a parking space is justified .
so it 's not forcing the owner to do anything ?
if someone punched you in the eye and you got a black eye they did n't really force you to do anything so is that ok ?
what if they just took a huge fat shit through your sunroof technically they did n't force you to do anything since you could just sit in the shit .
sooo coooll ... is this java processing i 'm assuming ?
well clearly he likes you and ita not just for the physical aspect ! !
tell him and i hope it brings you lasting happiness .
you may have not noticed as it is very hard to catch but there is actually a cameo from monster energy drink™ himself !
the gesture is understood to be rude and vulgar so its censored like rude language
the gesture communicates moderate to extreme contempt and is roughly equivalent in meaning to fuck me '' fuck you '' shove it up your ass/arse '' up yours '' or go fuck yourself '' .
and/or do you know if it was raining in the area ?
sleepwear needs to be comfy and easy to remove .
she 's worried that you 're talking about her .
i did therapy after my dad died and i was also diagnosed with ms .
i could n't drive so my mom would drive me sometimes .
she was obsessed that i was talking about her .
she was such an asshole about my dad 's death after tormenting him and my stepmom for close to 10 years because my dad divorced her .
she sued my stepmom and my dad also died suddenly after heart surgery .
all the stress triggered a horrible ms flare and i could n't walk for several months .
i have improved so much and keeping my mom at arm 's length really helps .
i was talking about her but i 'm experienced in deflecting her intrusive questions .
i 'm in my 40s and have had a lot of practice .
therapy helped more than anything else so definitely talk to your therapist about your mom 's boundary stomping .
i spent all day emailing with them it was a hot mess .
so the common misconception about inflation is that people think our money still works off a gold standard i.e .
the more you have the less valuable it becomes .
this is actually not the case in a debt based economy like ours .
inflation in the modern economy is driven primarily by money demand not supply in circulation .
let 's say an oil company decides to increase price per barrel 500 .
will all become more expensive because the cost of producing went up i.e .
people need to take more loans to pay their bills .
it does not matter how much money the fed prints if nobody takes their loans that money never enters circulation and therefore does not contribute to the overall economy .
this is the reason that raising minimum wage increases inflation but yang 's ubi does n't .
one is a tax on the producer who controls prices while the other is a tax on the consumer whose buying power is all that matters .
since ubi raises the buying power of 94 of americans in theory inflation should in fact go down not up .
even in the edited video you can clearly see the officer grappling with someone
do n't call names answer the question and participate in the discussion .
namecalling is reportable and i 'd rather have you off the sub entirely than bothering me with your inane nonsense .
probably mixed it themselves does n't seem like much of a mix other than bass-boosting .
would you rather people do n't research these animals at all so we do n't anything about them ?
any wild animal will be moderately stressed by being handled by humans but professionals do their best to keep it at a minimum .
also it 's not like they are n't regularly under stress in the wild .
no i understand that my question isent what 's the difference between volts amps and watts .
my question was what 's the difference between volt-amps and watts ?
i love how the op is revealing that he in fact is the one who watches too much porn cuz the story doesnt even mention sex .
the ladies probably just wanted to flirt with them a little which isnt unusual for a group of drunk friends let 's be honest .
i have worked extensively in a professional capacity with children who have experienced sexual abuse .
i can tell you there is nothing wrong with a loved one asking when they have reason to believe that there has been abuse .
it is in fact important not only because often it is very difficult to tell people but to find that people found out and just ignored it can be terribly detrimental .
i get that people have developed an understanding that we must not force people to tell us things they are n't ready to/do n't want to and people 's boundaries should be respected but it is being severely misapplied .
doing this i 'm a sensitive way is important but ignoring it altogether is not doing any favours .
the wording suggested by u/-25t in a comment below is ideal .
it 's the crappy chinese switches that they use .
either rma or do the following which will void your warranty
pretty sure he 's the hero of the story but okay
i use the app called hopper and have gotten some good deals .
we want to prevent any chance of a stalker being able to stalk a girl by heavily enforcing this rule .
this is a safety pre-caution and it is n't fair to put a girls safety at risk for internet points .
this is a reminder that you also will be banned if you ask/post a source .
feel free to contact the moderators using the link below .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomsexiness if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're should look something like this https i.imgur.com/cixa7jg.png .
you wo n't have the moderator flair options but the white flag quitter sign free and stuck in prison flairs should be available to you .
you need to add acidic flavor for a tangy bite try a splash of vinegar or lemon
you can buy the mats from the market board .
oh i do n't play anymore at least not right now .
the hubby knows my past and finds it hot though .
i use my experience to fuel his submissiveness as well as other cucks and subs i talk to .
i think the redesign gave them a great excuse to push this to a february release which is exactly where this movie belongs .
first thing they need to do is change the rules about coming off the base so teams are n't getting people out on replays because they bounce 2mm up after getting their safely .
no one wants to see that no idea why it has n't been changed .
instead just have it so you count as being on the base until you either make a deliberate action to leave the base or if you are no longer in touching distance of the base .
as it is you waste a ton of time getting people out on ridiculous technicalities .
it discourages base stealing which is exciting it slows the pace of play hugely and it forces players to slide into bases in a dangerous way causing injuries as they try and slam their hand into the front of the base to stop themselves popping up ever so slightly .
i do n't think you have the slightest clue what 's going on .
thank god they were able to overthrow him at the roughriders vs the roughriders game
rat i 'm sorry officer i did n't know i could n't do that . ''
the kid has a history of faking so you were not wrong to assume she was faking this time as well .
he is blaming you for something he was at fault for .
so here is a thought tell him you thought about what he said and you decided that maybe he should raise his daughter by himself .
then pull waaaaay back and stop doing for her .
let him shop cook make arrangements for pickups and dropoffs etc as if he were a single parent .
cook what you want for dinner for yourself and your baby and have him cook for his kid .
in the evenings stay in your room with the baby or go out .
tell your sd she needs to stay with her dad when she comes to you .
this way you wo n't be blamed for anything anymore .
after a few days of this your husband will come to realize how much you do he will see how wrong he was and hopefully apologize .
but even then dont go back to the full level of doing as before .
let him live with the consequences of his words .
xbl and ps free games are announced beforehand so i would assume stadia would too .
i was able to download on my pixel 3 non-xl this morning with no issue .
the number of people who think this incident shows sterling 's passion is shocking .
he fucked up he 's getting punished for it and he deserves it .
i 'm playing through mgsv right now and sadly it does not .
i just checked it should not be possible according to gameslinx and some dude who tried to give jool a surface .
i work long shifts do monotonous work so it helps to have background noise .
in between their annoyances they actually do provide some really cool insight so i 'd say it 's worth a listen overall .
well ... if you used antarctic vibranium it would certainly open your locks without any effort at all ...
... but then the lock would be a puddle of metal and perhaps even the iron in your blood as well .
if you used the vibranium from wacanda then you would get zero feedback on the pick .
it looks like it is gon na have to be adamantium !
the earliest human remains were found in the great rift valley in africa .
i like his content but you should n't be downvoted for respectfully giving your opinion
does gears 4 still have a decent playerbase on most modes ?
cheaters tend to be more paranoid about that i can tell you for sure .
just going through some options there are many configurations that work .
tyrants are too durable to just be shot down but they do present a good target .
they catch a lot of bullets but tend to not survive the entire game .
that 's why it 's often a bad idea to make them warlord .
i showed it in the other post i babysit the guard with a wingless hive tyrant .
10/hr maybe more now but damn it 's virtually nothing .
ok she kinda reciprocates it so maybe shes into me even tho she has a bf
i have other way of doing that however it 's great .
i think he 's referring to the income limit for 0 long term capital gains which is around 39-40k .
as i understand it assuming no other income any long term capital gains will directly contribute to the 39-40k threshold .
ok i had to look this up they did get rid of all those designators at least at the national level
we just want to remind you of some important rules
definitions of these terms can be found in the legitimacy policy https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/policy .
that includes pokémon obtained from wonder trade the gts and passerby trades and may also include trades on other websites or with friends .
full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules must be posted when offering any shiny event or competitive legendary pokémon .
if your post violates any of these rules please edit it as appropriate and read the rules in full https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules before posting again .
otherwise your post will be removed by a moderator .
if you are a mobile user having trouble accessing the above links please retry using a different app or browser .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
a pencil.i 'm going full john wick on the murderer .
cause they forgot to hire me them little silly worms ! ! ! ! !
joe biden is the best one on this post so far .
have n't unlocked it but probably in game with either shuten doji and kamaitachi or both in game .
as soon as you pick up the third of a minion they combine .
rule 1 of playing vs fpx is tian is always behind you .
rule 2 is tian 's tian is always behind him .
tian is watching over my shoulder as i write this and he agrees now excuse me for a second while i make him a sandwich or something .
u/heclik132 your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not follow the posting format for trading amazon .
if offering/requesting amazon gift cards you must state it in your title as amazon gc s '' amazon gift card s '' or amazon code s '' .
if you have amazon canada uk india etc write it as h amazon gc can/uk/in or else it may be removed .
if you are offering amazon balance or the kindle trick make sure to read the rules and requirements of getting mod approval as explained in the faq linked here https www.reddit.com/r/giftcardexchange/wiki/faq wiki_trading_amazon_balance_.28moderator_approval_required.29 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's the annoying part it 's easy to handle and easy to teach but we simply do n't .
everyone is telling you to travel in the summer but that 's when everyone else is traveling so you will be paying premiums and itll be hella crowded !
i recommend winter travel bundle up man up and enjoy the beautiful winter canada has to offer !
you 'll see a beautiful transition of culture nature and cities .
another one is the west calgary kenmore banff edmonton and jasper .
some cities and mountains there you may need to rent a car and do the other portion via bus .
one spot i do recommend in the summer in the east coast as the weather is quite volatile and violent and most services that cater to tourists just straight up close down the east coast can be done cheaply with the exception of newfoundland which requires a flight in a long ferry ride .
please do n't shy away from our beautiful country in the winter everyone is intimated by the snow but really if you 're prepared and dressed accordingly it 's not so bad at all .
i understand that it 's wrong what the police are doing but why in fucks sake would you keep approaching a cop pointing a gun at you and try to swat at it ?
everyone/team he shows his support for has been losing lately .
according to jungian psychology these rabid fans are not allowing their self the central archetype of the personal unconscious to express itself in such a way that they are their own personality .
the desperate need to identify with mac and the others that are equally as obsessed with his lifestyle is related to what jung came to call the persona or social mask .
when one overly identifies with the persona neuroses becomes a likely outcome .
i 've just been learning a little bit about carl jung lately .
they 're just kids and trying to find their own way .
we are the product or at least the source since our data is the product .
i wonder where all that heat that should be here has gone ?
imagine class-specific exotics with watered down versions of their abilities as intrinsic perks as masks !
like one-eye masque '' gives vengeance but without the overshield and has a slower health return .
same with stag '' getting near death makes your class ability halfway charge instead of a near full charge .
if we were as intelligent as either we would have found a way to live in balance with the ecosystem .
agent smith 's monologue in the matrix makes a lot of sense .
the kind that does n't hold up in court without backing evidence
that one bit on netflix she has is just extraordinary painful to watch .
if licorice is the only one still locked on the roster could it be that jack wants to build a roster around him and asked licorice himself who he wants ?
you 're getting so many left swipes that the algorithm pushing your profile to the bottom .
resetting the same crappy profile is going to net the same crappy results .
work on creating a better profile to get better results .
that 's pretty much where i come down on it .
i do n't care for giving government any more power if it can be helped .
haha no i search my calendar though and see how long it has been
not confirmed but we can deduce from tommy elliott 's actor 's age that bruce wayne was born in 1972 .
his parents died in 1980 and he became batman in 1997 most media portrays his parents ' death at age 8 and his first year as batman at age 25 .
when the joker kills kate 's mom in 2003 bruce had been active for almost 6 years .
by the time of his disappearance in 2015 he had been active for almost 18 years .
that 's plenty of time to raise dick jason and tim .
reason why we did n't know about him until recently is because like oliver states in the elseworlds crossover gotham city is the shittiest city in america and no one likes to talk about it .
plus his stealth and intimidation tactics made him sort of an urban legend .
it probably inspired the comic book cisco references in the flash 2x01 when he uses the flash-signal to lure atom smasher .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/dv5x9a/im26_recently_realized_that_i_really_didnt_choose and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likely consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
zoom in and out and the image should start going ballistic
you must be retarded if you think most californians are happy with their government .
i 'm not ... i 'm just mentioning it 's fucked when you really think about it .
i 'm not saying what we are doing is bad we have to use what we can to the best of our advantage
nice to see it doing well after neo fucked shit up in that hallway
just tested it with weevil+kizaru and kizaru also boosts the 1000 from big mom
not making an effort to relate to what your child likes .
they will never feel connected to their parents if there is nothing to relate to them through and this will extend onto other people making it very hard to form relationships .
i had somebody at work say they should n't be pro resting because people might die ...
he admitted he didnt know anything about what 's going on so yeah ...
i 'm going to be writing a two-part article for bronzeville bee online zine about vegans and counter arguments to all their bs .
they do n't care that some people have dietary issues allergies or live in food deserts .
i showed them the pic of a watermelon from near the inuit people in northern canada ... the ones they like pammy anderson attack for seal hunting .
i 'd love for these self-righteous jackasses to be forced to move to food deserts during the worst parts of the year .
try growing with a 2 month growing season that never gets very warm for heat-loving vegetables like tomatoes well fruits technically or indian reservations where the soil has been poisoned water has been poisoned or diverted for white ranchers ... .where they 'll run into grocery stores '' that could be an hour or more drive away and all the processed food is outdated collecting dust on the shelves and the prices that will make their eyes pop out .
or the fresh '' produce that is four times the price they could get it for in their comfy metropolis ... and it 's wilted rotten/mouldy spots ... .
then you have the ones who tell you beans and rice are really cheap .
but they 're not nutritionally complete and still ignores that some people can not digest such things and they 're actually quite bad for diabetics people with chrohn 's etc .
it 's all about pushing their agenda facts be damned .
33 year old here if that 's not too old for you both ... ?
you seem to be one of the few people who was able to parlay a fine arts degree into a legitimate career and a cool job overall good for you !
what you 're saying is you 'd rather have a skin than an actual mount .
there 's only one glider so the only thing they can give you is skins .
instead we got a beetle mount and a sky scale mount new mounts not just skins for them .
given the option of the new mounts or the skins i 'll take the mounts any day .
damn society rules forcing us in a strict sleep/wake up schedule ... i feel ya bro
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
i 've got a dr40 and presuming the use the same preamps the 3.5mm input is fine though rarely use it !
the xlr inputs are miles better than my h4n .
rode do the vxlr adapter specifically for adapting 3.5mm dual mono to xlr .
however you wo n't get plug-in-power using the vxlr so that only works with battery powered microphones .
brian is fantastic and i 'm happy everyone gets to see how talented he is now .
we 've won several games this year with kawhi playing subpar which is afdiallt a good thing .
he has a team that 's able to support him when he 's not on his a game .
quit when i was 21 2 days after my birthday .
kinda doubt any of those 3 things would have happened if i did n't quit .
for sale onewheel extreme concave foot pad for pint/regular stance repair or for parts only see details
brand new but one of the inserts bottom/middle was defective too short .
if you are crafty you can pick this up and replace the insert and it should be as good as new .
or a longer screw would probably solve it too .
i 'll give you the power of gods and trade a plate with u 3
you fucking brits make everything make sense this is fucking bull shit .
i think most people love these shows but are afraid it 's just nostalgia talking so they aim for more objective '' scores .
at the end of the day though i do n't really put much stock in imdb scores .
hey if we 're de-aging people john krasinski is only 39 .
good luck with school you have totally got this .
just remember to turn everything in and asses the points they are worth .
if something is 10 less every day it 's late but you 're missing something worth 5 of the overall assignment grade then turn it in on time .
just today i felt another one of those weird cravings to play skyrim again .
no other game that i 've found has that kind of feeling .
that magnetism that draws you back to it time and time again .
it 's just so massive and the storytelling is so deep .
full of bugs and the battle mechanics are janky but damn is it fun .
the 12 year old he says only has a glass of wine/champagne at nicer diners .
i think starting young is important with every social issue .
i was already sneaking drinks of friend 's parent 's hard liquor at 12 my niece is getting drunk at school at 13 .
just because they are young does n't mean the risk is n't there .
if it 's impressed upon them early that it 's not exciting or rebellious or whatever then they hopefully wo n't do it to excess outside the home just because their friends are .
go for it this after all is about your dad and his special day nta
that 's so true it 's been scientifically proven 🤓
men lose their minds speaking to pretty women https www.telegraph.co.uk/news/health/news/6132718/men-lose-their-minds-speaking-to-pretty-women.html
he tries to usually crash if anything and considering no one else ran to stop a transition or a leak i doubt that was the case .
it was i 'm sure part thats a clean pass i ca n't do much '' and part i got ta check up on my man who i just poked '' .
we finally get to see the backstory of how shaggy got his powers at least
this is the moment i realized warframe is evangelion .
i just realized my usage might be why my sleep is terrible and i 'm wondering if i can just stop using before bed time orrrrr ... .
this conversation could have been about nazi germany and it would n't have made it wrong .
you convinced me not to live in the us anymore .
i was told repeatedly when i was a small child to stop crying or we 'll give you something to cry about especially after already getting scared by my parents and then held down and beaten for ‘misbehaving ' .
i was 4-5 and was showing signs of possible adhd/add .
never found out if i was ever diagnosed for anything other than odd which i 'm sure was misdiagnosed .
to this day i still get mildly frightened and numb when someone raises their voice at me .
like he thinks he can talk to his lawyer to magically wave away a perceived offense ?
i wonder how much stupid bullshit lawyers to idiotic sugar daddies have to listen to on the reg
please tell me you 've been to an ophthalmologist between 2011 and now .
clicked on old ducktales and really surprised it looks like they got a old vhs version with tracking off .
ya but why are not declaring when it 's yasir and shaheen batting lol ?
yasir 's out there hitting 4s but he 's not some all rounder that we should use the warm up for him to practice batting haha .
it 's funny because many of us do n't even need a phd to recognize the level of crazy that is so prevalent and constantly on display with every word this man says .
if he does n't make the hairs on the back of your neck stand up you may in fact genetically speaking ... be a sheep .
i 'm kinda just getting back into the faith so i have recently asked a lot of similar questions/am still asking about things i do n't quite understand .
i was actually raised catholic too but now i just want to be christian but not part of the catholic church anymore .
my grandparents had a friend who recently passed away who apparently had the ability to heal people through god .
it sounds crazy to non-believers and even sounded crazy to me at first .
my cousin told me that when she was around 7 her grandma on her other side of the family had been diagnosed with a sort of illness giving her less than 6 months to live .
my cousin only learned of this in the past year otherwise she had no idea how serious this was at the time .
this man came to her grandma and prayed over her idk what he said or did exactly if there was a specific prayer or something .
my cousin is 15 and her grandma is still living .
i think the whole scene where danny tributes his sobriety to his dad and the way he says that the drink swallowed him up should make king a little happy .
the original movie barely brought up jacks drinking and his yearning to be a better person but this movie at least attempts to address it .
wait a bit before you start seeing her as your potential girlfriend or perhaps put a hold on the dating altogether for a bit .
let her know that you 're concerned she 's still not over her boyfriend yet and that you want to give her the space she needs to do that before you start dating .
if she gets into a relationship with you and she 's not really over her ex that could cause issues that would probably end up with you getting hurt .
yeah if i was doing bigger orders i 'd tip more than 5 .
they just love the money it brings in for forced patriotism .
if you can get a rolling jack you might be able to position it from the side behind a front tire reach to a solid center point raise the front and push the car sideways with some help .
you do n't lose bp if you get ds 'd ? !
eh as a one minute loop in battle tower it gets tiresome
hi stranger is there anyone close by that you can talk to in person ?
i think a lot of folks have that moment where the cost is higher than the reward and more often than the average person would like to admit .
however if you can just get through the next few hours maybe you can start making a plan .
let me change it up what would your perfect life look like ?
it can be anything serious or silly real or imagined .
russell is a running qb he knows what he 's getting into .
i really hope i never let anything slip that would impact my kids like that .
i have repeatedly told them i love them for who they are no matter what so hopefully i 've at least covered that base .
once a baby is inside of a woman it will come out .
sometimes it can be medically necessary to deliver early .
but tell me what medical condition would necessitate killing the baby before delivery ?
there is absolutely no reason in the world to do that intentionally other than the selfish desire to have a dead child that you do n't need to take care of .
vel'koz neeko w passive and zoe passive can also go through wind wall .
there might be more but that 's just off the top of my head
you sir have more hours in this game than i have dollars in my bank account .
maybe it 's bc if i could pay 1 dollar to get 1 hour 's more experience in rl i still would n't be close to being as good as you lmao .
i mean being able to just press one button on the d-pad to switch to the next heal like you can with nades
vets dont like this guy they 're not idiots and i 'm not so sure they like being used by the right every day
they could edit the first 3 down into a single coherent movie instead of the long winded mess they are alone .
lowers his helmet into a sliding qb and hits his own player .
i 'm so tired of the seahawks doing this shit year in and year out .
this is literally the only shit i care about in football and they lost to one of the worst seahawks teams we 've ever played .
lube is your best friend please get on some form of birth control and use protection
it does n't take much for your brain to smack your skull fyi .
not being able to hear anything else but that was terrifying .
i was afraid a person ghost or monster depending on the bathroom would get me .
this is why i think there should be at least a rudimentary reputation system where if you deliver advertisements do n't piss of teimo and make regular enough visits if you 'accidentally ' break the window or steal fuel he 'll place the blame on jani or some other punk instead of you .
sadly your post has been removed for the following reason s
rule 10 moderator discretion moderators may use discretion to upkeep the quality of the subreddit .
obviously fake or otherwise unsuitable content may be removed .
if you have any questions you can message the mod team through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/cursedcomments replies to this removal comment will not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
y'all are crazy if your child kills themself because they are sad and seen this then they probably would not have lasted very long as an adult .
it is a tragic thing when a child kills themselves but instead of trying to control how other people treat you or others we should control how we handle things .
put a drone in the tower when attacking use cameras when defending .
your submission was automatically removed because redditmetrics.com is not an approved site .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tshirtsandtanktops if you have any questions or concerns .
no they will but the front office keeps asking for to much .
a deal was in place with the lions for freeman and they started asking for more
pavarti was easily one of the most annoying characters in the game .
her relationship side quest was so hamfisted and its clear they desperately want people to care for her stunted emotional feelings .
the first chance it gave me the option to tell her to keep it to herself and do what she wants she has a meek response and the encounter comes off like you scolded a kitten .
the writing is so precious '' that cringe really is the most accurate word for it .
i remember when you just posted the concept of the house of blood although i do n't remember if that was its name at that time !
it 's cool how you have a visual piece to go along with it now .
i do n't think mr. lovenstien is a nazi but it can be hard to tell sometimes
i always bring my tote to sneak snacks in lol
it will it 's a repost and is already up .
the emperor can summon flaming angels to combat deamons in the eye of terror on a daily basis .
he summoned a spectral army of flaming marine lead by what appeared to be the flaming ghost of ferrus ' manus during the war in the webway .
and that was before 10,000 years of power ups .
i would n't make any assumptions about random people i merely see on the street like that so i would n't have made an ignorant comment like that in the first place .
no normal human being can hold this much strength..you..you are cursed !
maybe parra could make the block on davey there in game 6 .
being able to stop martinez from getting to the ump is a big requisite for that job .
well i 'm happy to hear there is n't some sleazy nefarious commission tactic .
although i do think that sprint should make it clear that you are n't actually guaranteed the phones as you would be if you order through the mail .
the advertisement of this service makes it seem like once you order the phones that they will be reserved for you after you receive the email confirmation that your order is ready to be picked up .
holy shit not only did you assert dominance but you like 7 foot tall lmao
where do you guys get these 4 10 hour days lol .
i work 5 10-11 hour days plus whatever 's needed at nights or on weekends
it 's times like that which remind me how tragic mel is .
she really just means as well as she says she does .
the only reason to keep ads on in my game is for chicken boxes in contracts
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/recursion if you have any questions or concerns .
if that cap is water he needs a much larger bowl
wow dude your literally that guy on the internet this is the best thing that 's happened to me all day hahahaha fucking hilarious keep it up it 's so sad that you come to a post that 's about me being angry and think that even though it had nothing to do with you that it 's more than enough for you to justify yourself to be a dick to someone you seriously need therapy you narcissist .
there has to be a corporate mandate for espn to suck the refs off .
they must really be on thin ice with the nfl
i see lebron also listens to the ringer nba podcast
i fuckin hope i 'd rather sip it straight than cut it with that again .
i soon see 0 mother-fucking points on my god-damn post .
i 'm sorry you 're such a baby on virtual points that mean fuck all .
though this post kinda tells me why you get downvoted .
tell him to cut that shit out the next time you see him not the next time he tries it .
let him know that you are not comfortable with it .
tell him that regardless of any other factor all future attempts of overriding agency are destined to fail via cosmic intervention .
i 'd maybe avoid bringing it up that another player has expressed concern via private channels this might only make it worse .
if you want a serious complex game that only really humans can excel at then actual serious war gaming would be well above chess .
but wargaming is complex as shit and requires non-trivial amounts of investments in both time and money to get good at it .
also a large part of the appeal in chess is that it 's so well developed and understood .
it makes learning it easier '' but there 's still so much unknown space that even very high level players can still be surprised .
not rivalry but i would love to see leroy/kam in an exes format .
asian here my parents told me i love you '' all the time .
too bad it was really hard to believe them considering how just the night before my dad would have been screaming at me and calling me worthless .
i 'm a bot that provides downloadable video links !
how am i to get better without them right ?
anything that has to do with your character creation should be available right away .
it makes no sense to have players unlock some hair or skin color .
could n't get 3 '' tall kevin harvick to sit in it for the picture ?
that means you are thirty years old or younger .
the 996 bouree is one of the easiest bach lute pieces to play on guitar .
many rock and acoustic guitarists learn it as an introduction to baroque music .
i think it 's kind of cool that mark used the top voice of the piece as the vocal melody of wayward one .
bernie sanders is the strongest candidate to defeat donald trump in november .
he 's also the only candidate with zero billionaire donors .
here 's how we can make sure he wins the democratic primary
• register to vote for bernie in your state .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sandersforpresident if you have any questions or concerns .
most people that think they own a wolf breed actually do n't as well .
maybe 5 of wolf-breeds have wolf in them and almost none as large of a percentage as the one in this post .
have you never done something that you knew was bad or just stupid and immediately felt guilty after the fact ?
if so kudos you 're the first person i 've ever met who has never made a mistake in his life .
not intentionally causing brain damage is not the same thing as never making a mistake .
it 's really cool that the jerkin part is the armor from the costume test .
marcus may be tough on his large latvian son but only because he has high expectations for him .
oh shit i just bought some new grey sweatpants .
i second your answer you took the words out of my mouth .
if you had a nickel for every grammatical error in that horrible speech you could afford to sue that lady outta house and home
however that was n't really caused by a disliking of religion it was done because it makes a power grab easier .
one could argue that if there was no religion it would have prevented many genocides like the ones committed by stalin and mao .
at least it would have forced them to find a different excuse to kill people
u/jaeomo your submission has been automatically removed because your account does not meet our account-age/karma requirement .
your account must be a minimum of 90 days old and have 1000 karma in order to post a submission .
click this link https www.reddit.com/r/assistance/comments/1hexgp/other_subreddits_that_can_help_you for a list of other subreddits that may work for you .
do not message the moderators for an exception and do not directly message lenders you 've not worked with before rule 5 .
moderators do n't make any exceptions to the karma/age limits .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/borrow if you have any questions or concerns .
this is why lol you really do n't want to find yourself around grizzlies .
i 'd be dating someone as young as 19 yeah no that 's weird to me imho .
you 'll probably want injectors as you 'll increase the stock.injector duty cycle to a less than reliable range
if you can do the payment on 32k for 6 years you can do a 10k loan in 24 months
lucky you it ended early for a bunch of us who were almost done .
not trying to start an argument just saying normal clothes cant be a uniform that defeats the whole point of a uniform
yeah lol i can bet they 're pretty invisible after a bunch of western countries sterilized them all in the 70s .
forced sterilization policies in europe were implemented in sweden norway austria denmark finland france germany and switzerland . ''
sterilization policies have happened during the 70s in the čssr .
forced sterilization policies introduced in the first half of the 20th century were based on the effort to eliminate the reproduction of disability or the reproduction of ethnic groups and also targeted the poor the unmarried and women seeking abortion .
forced sterilization policies in europe were implemented in sweden norway austria denmark finland france germany and switzerland .
by engaging in the forced sterilization of romani women since the 1970s czechoslovakia and the czech and slovak states later on did not do anything exceptional ...
the thing about incels is not looks they do matter but not nearly as much as they imagine the primary thing is being interesting '' and having interesting '' friends .
even if that means you 're just a smelly hippy or a hobo with a sort of life going on .
i used to be a hippy '' though in my age group and location rave scene rather than yuppies and the situation is very much the same as you describe albeit more urban oriented .
notably the drugs and lack of direction but relationships it certainly ai n't .
do n't think solo nylocas would be possible without the usage of blood barrage .
awhhh thanks i 'll upload some more pics soon xx pm
i wish at the end instead of spinning the egg then stopping it he just smashed it closed fisted
my comment on trash units was mostly due to my own personal observations .
i 've not looked up guides or anything but have about 225 hours in warhammer 2 so far .
the way i was understanding what was happening was that even if my lord had massive power and could cause the enemy army to rout eventually if they did n't have an army to back them then they would rout .
i was basing my orginal observations upon the different battles fought with differant factions .
normally even if i had the enemy army on the run near the end if i lost all units except my lord then my lord would rout .
even if the balance of power still stated we were about even and my lord was about to finish a mass rout by killing the general .
since this almost always happened unfailingly only time i never seen it happen was in wh1 during a quest battle where grimgor lost his army but still trashed the dwarves which were left .
its good to know how the morale system actually works finally though .
where it has less to do about units in the army and more to do of if you lose parts of your army during the fighting .
i think any european version has all the european languages but i ca n't confirm for sure .
i just know that 's commonly the case with eu games .
your post has been automatically removed because it had no valid title tag .
keep reading to find out how to tag your post !
do you have a questions about acne or blackheads ?
the sca routine https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/sca_routine information on building a good skincare routine deciding what products to use and what order to use them in
routine order https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/routine_order information on putting the steps of your routine in order
we also recommend doing a subreddit search https redditsearch.io ? subreddits=skincareaddiction searchtype=posts comments for your question because it 's very likely been asked before .
if you 're looking for advice we recommend you post in the daily help thread https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/comments/dv58xq/new_or_need_help_ask_here_sca_daily_help_thread .
it 's full of helpful and experienced people who hang out there to answer questions so you 'll get the most reliable answers there !
if you still want to make a post to the sub check out how to post https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/how_to/post .
you 'll need to use one of the tags from this list https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/comments/3f0jmg/meta_list_of_valid_title_tags_and_their .
a correct title would look something like this tag this is the title of my post '' .
do try to include all relevant information when asking for help .
see our posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/postingguidelines wiki_information_to_include_when_posting for suggestions .
we have a sidebar you may not know about filled with more helpful links !
searching in the reddit app click the three dots and then select 'search ' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/skincareaddiction if you have any questions or concerns .
from the looks of it it should work for debian too .
was a fun fleet died in a fire when they counter dropped 3 gates toward home .
laughed my ass off as a dozen titans appeared .
she is not womanly enough to accept responsibility for her own kids
what if the reason it 's only taking 7 weeks is cuz we 're getting so many parts outside of the weekly .
maybe it requires like a fuck ton of parts .
click the right stick to switch shoulder views and you can see it very easily .
corbyn kills children 's halloween in latest stalinist fifth column grave digging scandal
i 'd pick our goalkeeper coach leo percovich because he 's a mental bastard but i love him
not that i have n't seen instances of predatory loans but i do see this much more prevalent within the check cashing '' business .
in my experience these businesses prey predatory on those who avoid banks charging exorbitant fees and then offering payday loans at the highest possible interest rates .
on the other hand the legit banks that i 've dealt with and even better credit unions tend to be very friendly and their rates have been quite appropriate .
i 'd rather not get into calling out specific organizations but if you have some specific examples i 'd love to hear them .
i really am trying to understand the other side to this discussion .
a moment of silent since neptune the protagonist of protagonists was n't even mentioned .
you may enjoy this very nsfw gif of cops taking evidence out of crime scene https imgur.com/gallery/fmcz2ny
it 's a shame i was really looking forward to this .
no and the person blowing up my twitter refused to provide any either so we kinda suspect they were just a troll
i 've been known to count it in my head but not track it in the phone because i do n't want to see it lol .
the lists of things millenials are killing '' are all things i would love to be able to personally take credit for killing .
put my name on a sign out front when you close up shop .
are valve as shitty as we say they are at promoting dota ?
are you saying family members should be legally barred from running ?
stop leaving your antimatter where other people might be biking .
i generally like it but it 's not a big deal to me either way .
i 've got way more important things to worry about than what my girlfriend wears .
its ridiculously easy for a pagan that can join the warrior tribe .
which is pretty much the same use-case as wanting to go struggle high martial stats tribal on your heir .
i literally made the same meme but could n't post on r/memes cause i do n't have enough karma .
it 's not highroll if you can run 6+x of each card for max consistency .
lol he had a perfect passing game against miami stop cherry-picking when you know full well he did n't run because he did n't have to .
he also ran less against the chiefs because their secondary sucked and the ravens were playing from behind the whole time .
it sounds like something i 'd love to do but i 'm a total beginner .
i 'm a latte addict so it work just fine😉
it is sad to see reality and people following this type of jesus .
i dislike because i 'm hoping it wont then suggest similar videos to me .
when they did n't clock in at their expected surface time someone very experienced has to go looking for them .
one other thing to consider is that the applied math department is working on a computational finances and risk management major right now .
if you 're interested in both cse and finance you can also look into that .
try emailing the cfrm department since it has not been officially announced yet .
why do n't you guys just wait for the bug to be corrected ?
like come on there is n't even any wild animals going wild
just freeze time and wander around the city an introvert 's dream
exactly the level of confidence is giving the enemy jungler a confort pick tho it didnt really fit the team comp and still destroy them
you sound like you 've never used a vpn for the purpose of avoiding bad routing .
vpns can indeed reduce ping in online gaming in many cases if the user 's isp 's default route to the game server is horrendous .
it 's entirely possible that repan6517 https www.reddit.com/user/repan6517 's isp has a very inefficient route for connecting him to texas .
a vpn service that provides a better routing can definitely provide him with a 60 ping to texas since he 's in mexico .
vpns reducing ping for pubg players has been proven already by aus players who used vpn to get better ping to sea server and more recently some na players who experienced abnormally high ping to the new dallas server and had to use vpns to reduce their ping .
secondly high ping advantage '' is neither one sided or exclusive .
desync arises from ping difference and both low ping and high ping players can benefit from it or be disadvantaged by it .
a low ping player has just as much advantage over a high ping player in a peek battle .
and ultimately a high ping player is at an overall disadvantage because while hit registration is client-side hit validation and kill confirmation is still server sided so a low ping player will always get their hits validated earlier by the server .
if a low ping player and a high ping player shoot each other at the exact same moment the low ping player wins .
do n't buy for pokémon the game is set to disappoint
yeah i think you could ask worst case he 'll say no .
but at least for me i would be happy to have someone stay with me for a couple days
remind me of things i use to make from knex
i dont know why i watched this but i was hooked .
it was weird to watch because it is obvious that the production value is low but the camera angles and cuts and framing were perfect for me .
the story flowed smoothly nothing seemed off and it worked perfectly with the music .
i have two areas i want to point out .
one was the third time the cutlery and dishes were shown in the third cycle of the whole thing i did n't really like how that first shot reintroduced that cycle again .
i dont know what i would have done differently and it wasnt terrible for me but it stood out a little bit as off probably because the rest was so seamless .
the other thing i noticed was the end i loved that blood suicide moment and then the legs .
and then that he was having dinner with her .
maybe you added more shots of her because the music was still going but for the flow all that would have been needed for me was the shot showing her and then the next one the silhouette one .
which btw was also an excellent idea to tie it up that way .
the shots that felt repetitive and unnecessary were that one of her hands tied and then after the closeup of her .
the audience already knows whats going on and she was n't going to do anything more in that scene .
closeups according to david fincher are only for when that element shown is very important .
these shots of yours felt pointless to me and were n't leading up to anything and no additional realization was made because of them .
if you can make it work with the music id just cut those and go straight to the amazing silhouette idea .
edit btw so you know who this is coming from although it shouldnt matter but i am a noob .
i have never made my own film i just like film making from the outside and only do photography so take my opinion with a grain of salt .
why should it be assumed in the absence of evidence of anything else ?
i get that there is n't compelling evidence of anything else but to me there is n't compelling evidence of it being pure rng either .
why ca n't i just say it should be assumed that niantic a corporation out to make money promotes behavior that will encourage spending including shiny spawns .
in the absence of other evidence this is the null hypothesis '' ?
uhuh and are you so proud to be british you 've removed all americanised language from your vocabulary ?
same til i tried to od on it and they took it away .
there were moments i thought it was her 😂 they talk similarly and have similar face shapes .
just made a comment that included that look up the thread
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
i 'm glad that it 's not as bad for you as i envisioned it to be at least .
it might be because you changed/phone has a different font size from the phone settings to the app settings .
and that wo n't ever change from now on aside from tournaments in na .
na viewership may be as low as 1-2 of the chinese viewership .
that 's a very oversimplified hackish definition of his plan
you know bismarck was a thing before the song right
might be hard to believe but it really is mostly even .
even in the highest tier world first-attempting groups they 're switching jobs up for specific reasons .
there are damage output tiers and stuff but 99 of successful groups simply have everyone play what they want to play .
your ability to find a raid team will not be affected in the slightest by which job you choose within a role unless someone is already playing that job but honestly i 've cleared tiers in that scenario too .
as for the rest of the question in terms of damage tiers dancer is on the lower end of the dps spectrum .
i 've never seen a group turn down a dancer though .
thing is there is no support role in this game .
healers are close to it since ... you know ... heals .
but dancer and bard which may appear to be support jobs are simply ranged physical dps .
they have some skills that will buff the party but so do monks scholars dragoons summoners and red mages .
i should add that this is a very skill-based game .
part of why no one requests specific jobs is because what really matters is how well people play whichever job they choose .
it 's extremely common to see a black mage the strongest dps in terms of damage output do less damage than a bard due to the latter player being better .
you 'll see healers out dps actual dps players far too often .
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/about/rules of r/dating_advice in mind while participating here .
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdating_advice we rely on user reports to find rule-breaking behavior quickly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dating_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
many i saw said americans killed in a mexico on some form .
and everyone on facebook is quick to call them innocent simply because they 're labeled as american and they think they were just traveling to mexico .
do n't be pushed around by the fears in your mind .
tbh though the ending is exactly how satanists go about things .
they do n't worship satan as a being but satanist beliefs say to just live and let live but also leave me alone .
i neglected to explain it 's for a community project so for example we have an agreement in place with a church to hold meetings there midweek .
unfortunately it 's just so happened that the next meeting will be on a friday .
thankfully as you suggested someone has kindly offered to host at their house
yahoo answers helped me understand chemistry when i was really struggling with my professor 's teaching methods .
i got pretty good at parsing the particular way people answered questions haha
how did you do that in 10 months that 's some change .
i 'm considering booking him because i 'm predicting us getting an abyss chaos stage which requires a gun user
but they make these satisfying ones that much better .
at most vgc top 10 teams have always included roughly 20 or so unique mons and i am not sure if some of the more unique '' picks on teams even saw play .
due to the non-varying stats of pokémon the competitive scene is inherently stagnant .
if gamefreak truly cared about balance we would see buffs and nerfs to pokémon with pretty high regularity including movepool changes to shake things up .
this basically will lead to forced '' meta changes which some people hate but really are the best you can get in games like this .
if we 're talking about the much larger scene of singles showdown that 's not a scene that gamefreak even pretends to care about .
first question var numbers ... recursion happens as count is now called with value 18 ... but why does the remainder of the else block below execute ?
count is called then n is pushed onto numbers then we return .
well it 's no different when it 's in a recursive function .
we still call count 18 for your example and when that function call has finished which will return 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 we continue with the next line the push which adds on the 19 .
second question return numbers ... since numbers at this point in the very first loop equals 19 why does this function not return 19 and stop itself ?
it contains the result of calling count 18 plus the number 19 .
and calling count 18 will return the result of count 17 plus the number 18 .
and calling count 17 will return the result of count 16 plus the number 17 .
and calling count 16 will return the result of count 15 plus the number 16 .
and calling count 2 will return the result of count 1 plus the number 2 .
let 's take a slightly simpler case of calling count 3
you call count 3 which goes to the else part since n is n't 1 .
then we execute var numbers count n 1 which calls count 2 .
so we 're back at the top of the function skip to the else and execute var numbers count n 1 which calls count 1 .
we 're now back at the top of the function for the 3rd time this time with n as 1 so we return 1 .
now control returns to where the function was called from which is the line of code right after var numbers count n 1 where n is 2 .
so numbers is now 1 and we push 2 onto it and return it returning 1 2
now control returns to where the function was called from which is the line of code right after var numbers count n 1 where n is 3 .
so numbers is now 1 2 and we push 3 onto it and return it returning 1 2 3 .
and control returns to the initial invocation of numbers 3 and we 're done with a result of 1 2 3 .
recursion is a bit mind-bending at first but it 's not so hard really .
kinda reminds me of that snow level online in one of the older call of duties
and it just keeps spiralling down especially with the currently airing season d first season was quite enjoyable and the second one was n't too terrible either imo .
will definitely continue to support you 're guys future vids !
almost every app with products participated on the 11.11 sale .
if im not mistaken i got notifs from airlines to food deliveries lalafood food panda to grab to online shopping apps to travel related apps klook kkday to investagrams .
flight is a massive boost in ship-to-ship combat but of limited use in a dungeon so start with a flying race .
combine a long range at-will damage warlock range enhancing invocation is my suggestion and setting things on fire via fire cantrips and you do n't even need to use spellslots to take out any ship that has only mundane defenses .
well my point stands many people legitimately think they have to be reckless to have fun
nyet rifle is fine that 's basically saying there 's no way i 've seen .
i mean it was simply that the one where you drove the ford anglia through the forbidden forest
although thinking back it was totally random and pretty bad but i was hoping you were talking about kazaam and i blew shit up for no reason but i could be down .
itt people speaking out of their ass and passing it off as truth .
no shit because pitino fucking did n't let him hoop the way he needed to .
stop fucking blaming jelly when his coach was completely useless .
there 's a reason why you 've never won shit
i started my career out in java but have spent the last few years working in scala kotlin and typescript .
dart feels like i 've been thrown back into java again it 's such a huge step backwards in programming language capability .
flutter is awesome but gosh it would be nice to be doing it in a modern language .
nephilim remains apparently they were found but concealed because they do n't coincide with the theory of evolution .
in fact ... the backstory of the nephilim derives from biblical origins fallen angels inhabiting a physical vessel by means of blood sacrifice then mating with females which would mean the acknowledgment of their remains would support the theory of creationism
does letting her know i 'm there for her would require me letting her know i know ?
or would it just be a general i 'm here for you ?
i do n't want to force her to confront something if i ca n't offer follow up support .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/dv78kx/i_29f_dont_know_how_to_look_at_my_boyfriend_32m and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likely consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
depends on the setting but a griffon riding bandits are pretty cool and raise the suspicion about how they got them
now you can break both sides of your phone for an affordable price of 800 !
the plastic feels really nice but i stick with a case because i 'm careful .
i can actually make a small profit playing high tier arcade .
i 'm gon na assume he has teenage kids because he has major dad vibes .
managing drivers in this sport seems like a sport all on its own .
they dont seem to give two shits about how disruptive their actions are towards everyone in the area .
of course they do n't it 's not their home
always cheaper than a dealership but a bit more of a pain to check out the cars etc .
always worth it to have a shop inspect the car big o has been good for me but lots of other options exist .
get a car loan from a local credit union they will have the least hassle .
how do you determine what aligns with current society ?
for example is current society for or against independent political advocacy by non profit organizations ?
what are some of the risky places you have done it ?
taking a wild guess that they leave a scar since the people we know with them implanted god serena laxus erik sting rogue all have scars on their faces ...
i 'd say you shove it into a person 's face and they absorb it .
the game is addicting but the guild vs guild is going to be the real highlight when it comes out later this month .
once that is released then we will be able to tell the longevity of the game .
118k is quite an age for modern days cars turbos .
i do n't know if the shop works quality will be possible to prove here though caps do n't fly out usually by themselves .
also i assume it is your responsibility to accept the works which you did and also it is your responsibility to make sure your vehicle is technically fit .
not saying it 's your fault just trying to see from the sides
enough to make college level worthless in evaluating how smart one is
and if you want to measure intelligence you should go directly to the source .
a lot of college grads are playing in the nfl making millions
walking into a store and leaving without buying anything .
a juicy k would have been better for the finale but great anyway .
met my wife got merried bought a house a new car started my own company and three weeks ago we had our first baby boy .
are these different than compression socks in the sense that they do not need to be fit by a professional ?
pretty much yeah also wish i would have looked at specs a little more .
do n't know how many times i 've kicked my self because i do n't have a camera that 's weather sealed
we 'll let the cops and judge do the arguing .
what 's the third most common element in the universe doing on mars of all places.. ?
we mods have been overpowered by satania https www.reddit.com/r/animemes/comments/dveyaf/nya_hahaha but we 're able to use automod to get the message out .
beware the self proclaimed queen of animemes is ruthlessly removing posts .
as soon as we regain control you may repost your meme if it has been unjustly removed by her .
we are currently holding an event hitting 666,666 and even rule abiding posts may be removed for no good reason .
if you do n't want to risk it happening wait until the event is over .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/animemes if you have any questions or concerns .
sw0266 clone pilot with open helmet http www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page ? m=sw0266 photo http img.bricklink.com/itemimage/mn/0/sw0266.png
sw0608 clone pilot episode 3 with open helmet yellow and red markings http www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page ? m=sw0608 photo http img.bricklink.com/itemimage/mn/0/sw0608.png
sw0977 boba fett pauldron helmet jet pack printed arms and legs clone head http www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page ? m=sw0977 photo http img.bricklink.com/itemimage/mn/0/sw0977.png
sw0596 clone trooper with santa hat http www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page ? m=sw0596 photo http img.bricklink.com/itemimage/mn/0/sw0596.png
sw0127 clone trooper episode 3 with jet pack on back 39 aerial trooper 39 http www.bricklink.com/v2/catalog/catalogitem.page ? m=sw0127 photo http img.bricklink.com/itemimage/mn/0/sw0127.png
you need this if you do n't have one .
a high-capacity magazine or large-capacity magazine is a firearm magazine capable of holding more than the standard number of rounds provided by the designer or legally a particular number of cartridges dependent on jurisdiction and kind of firearm .
as of 2019 about six manufacturers produced drum magazine in the united states retailing for about 100 each .
manufacturers include kci usa and magpul industries the latter produces the same drum magazines for both civilian and military use .
i know that tape it sold only two copies .
one by her step dad and the other her uncle .
of course they made the tape so they got the copies for free i guess that means technically it sold no copies .
the other shotty atleast the r9-0 are better at sustained fight especialy groundwar like the c flag inside building .
that not the case however for origin 12 cause it 's total trash even when using the jitter mod and while the model 680 can work for some reason it 's just a far worse version of the r9-0 the r9-0 has it beat in range ammo capacity and firerate .
when they are overly aggressive with things that do n't involve you at all .
i had an emotionally abusive ex and he had some of the worst road rage i had ever seen in my life .
he would get violently angry at stuff that was so remedial .
that same rage was later turned to me further down the relationship .
if i walked away to use the restroom and did n't tell him .
as petty as it gets ... . should 've seen the red flag when he was taking it out on the grandma in the car next to us
the smell of nitromethane in combination with the feeling of unbelievable thunder and power is what got me into cars and restoration .
i would absolutely recommend this to any human being alive .
of course but dont't sugarcoat it by trying to defend that fast food is actually healthy .
hopefully they can all individually be the solution to the problem that is themselves .
shout out to ji for not being intimidated by this seasons expectations .
i know it 's extremely unlikely but i think that 's how it should be .
combat devolved into simple picking of best weapon for the occasion .
you have to choose which weapon suits in the moment so you 're trying to tell me that having to think and choose which weapon suits the occasion is a bad thing ?
as opposed to many modern shooters where you can stick with one weapon because its a jack of all trades .
i just started having this issue on my sp4 after updating to w10 version 1903 .
i briefly had the issue when it was new but i successfully solved the problem by turning off wifi when asleep .
i 've been through all the power settings including group policy settings and nothing has changed .
i did notice that when i opened the security center it said the last quick scan lasted 13 hours ? ? ? ? ? ! .
i 'm very frustrated with ms over these latest few updates .
before i used to get a solid 6 hours out of my machine .
it 's declined a little with age but it 's down to around 2 1/2 suddenly .
my doctor wrote me a prescription for physical therapy which i did .
turns out i had really bad posture and often held my head out in front of my shoulders .
as a result the strength of my neck muscles was out of balance resulting in an easily dislocated jaw .
the physical therapy worked my jaw rarely even pops any more and this post is the first time i 've thought about it in probably six months .
eurus would certainly be a challenging opponent for the doctor to face .
it just would n't weigh on the doctor quite as emotionally as it did for sherlock though .
i guess that 's my only issue with it .
except now he 's not on tv on a daily/weekly basis .
this news cycle will be over and so will his reach with a clear message that this rhetoric is not tolerable .
soap operas had their purpose in their time and now that time is coming to a close .
as i replied to another person bringing up the same point luffy had to defeat eneru for the story to progress .
we 've already seen that eneru is capable of blink speed instantly teleporting from one place to another .
physically hancock can attack fast she 's capable of kicking very quickly but moving fast herself and her love love beams will never hit eneru who even if she does he 's completely immune to them for he 'll likely find her repulsive in the same manner he hated robin .
watch out capitalist spy in disguise with u transport and capitalist frigider
the announcers mentioned him multiple times in the 2nd half of the 3rd which is the only part of the game i watched haha
i do n't even think it 's about bugs at this point just glaringly obvious things that either were n't implemented or were blatantly overlooked .
the latest headshot one changes very little it just stops low profile being one shotted without helmet/armor .
snipers needed a buff at that stage they were grossly underutilised but the consideration did n't really take into account how ranked would play out .
extended energy mags are a fine addition lowering loot tables forces people to either get good with other weapons or play slightly undergeared .
similarly havoc/devotion having a 'free ' level 2 mag to start made them extremely strong for large portions of the game .
charge rifle was just degenerate in certain circumstances and now it 's almost useless .
took a while to figure out how to play against it and bad players will always get caught with their pants out being third partied or having terrible movement/rotations .
it 's absolutely atrocious as a 'secondary ' unlike the longbow or scout if you want to play that way so you 're at a servere disadvantage should your opponent get close .
if a stray hair is n't tucked under the cheek cushions of my helmet it hurts every times it cuts across my face due to the wind .
presuming this is even true old mate on the last comment was n't exactly helping out the emplyee there .
boss-man andy gon na be even more inclined to carry it through after that .
i 'd recommend getting an ash catcher that does n't percolate as that piece already gets an insane amount of percolation and a very smooth hit .
finn could have been one of the best star wars characters ever and they had the right actor for the job .
too bad they took a crap on him in the writers room .
i am in alberta and asking for someone who will come over to canada .
whether they should bring the claims history with them or not .
so what you fear the most is fear itself .
sold the company for less than the stock price .
almost every company will get bought out within 10 years and easily return 1,000
enph mc right now is 2b and it will sell for 40b within 5 years most likely .
spwr valued at 1.9b it 'll be 10+b in 2 years etc .
what 's even more amusing is that no one in the gop will call him out on his lies no matter how outlandish .
the hate boner for that show on reddit is real i do n't understand it .
i 'm not saying tbbt is a great show but it gives me a chuckle every now and then when someone else has it on .
the right wing where i stood was exposed to and received all the enemy 's fire ...
i heard the bullets whistle and believe me there is something charming in the sound . ''
an actual goddamn thing the first president of the united states said .
oh i totally agree with retrobuster they were the first person to really lay into the kid though and i had remembered op asking about how to convince their parents to get them a quest cause they were bored of their go .
so was more of a passing remarks than a dig at the comment .
i 'm about 1 hour east of atl but yea i would be interested
i went to a clinic today but they wan na charge me 200 just for blood work urine and physical idk about that .
i 'll figure out where ima go tomorrow maybe er and tell em to bill me .
permissionless censorship resistant transfer of value from one person to another at a low cost plus other stuff b/c turing complete .
that 's one of the rules in the kwon do class .
he was able to identify these people as new canadians by sight .
i wonder what his criteria was were they wearing shirts that said recent immigrant ?
so sorry for your loss ... . i am sure she knew how much you cared for her how hard you tried to give her the best life .
farewell sweet hammy you will be missed ... rest in peace 💗💗💗
i was referring to written classical chinese 文言文 not to spoken chinese neither cantonese nor mandarin .
i was thinking more of preserving things like classical literature .
of course there are going to be local distinctions in a land mass as big as china and of course being separated since 1842 changes things .
but the biggest reason that we are now so very different from mainlanders is because the communists destroyed their culture history and traditions in the cultural revolution and we managed to preserve ours .
of course this is anecdotal but i feel much closer culturally with mandarin/minnan speaking taiwanese people than cantonese speaking people from shenzhen .
as of now due to the fight over my dad .
it seems like she plans on just leaving me alone .
i think at this point it would just be better to not try and fix the relationship until after the baby is born .
if she does decide to message me or mention the baby .
i 'll tell her that i feel it 's best to wait a week or two before she meets the baby and put her on this birth plan .
since she has an idea of when i could be at the hospital that way just in case she tries and go during that week she still would n't be able to see me .
is n't this entire comment chain evidence of the women have to jump twice as high as men to prove themselves phenomena ?
any old guy can be put up and the market assumes they 'll keep doing the same thing .
if you want to appoint a woman they have to be amazing at showing they are amazing at the job and do amazing at the job .
to be fair the computer cant remember why you walked into the kitchen either unless you told it beforehand and if you did that odds are you would remember why too
our goal here is to provide educated informed and serious answers to questions about the world of politics .
our full rules https www.reddit.com/r/ask_politics/wiki/rules can be found here but are summarized below .
address the question and its replies in a professional manner
avoid the use of partisan slang and fallacies https www.wikiwand.com/en/list_of_fallacies
provide sources if possible at the time of commenting .
help avoid the echo chamber downvote bad/poorly sourced responses not responses you disagree with .
do not downvote just because you disagree with the response .
report any comments that do not meet our standards and rules .
if you have any questions please contact the mods at any time .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ask_politics if you have any questions or concerns .
idk the subreddit has been moving toward this for a while .
edited videos are already allowed on the subreddit even though it 's not straight up started .
yeah now i 'm wondering if it was n't both hot temperature wise but also spicy wise .
maybe she commented about it being a bit spicy .
as this sub is for sharing creative works please remember to leave a comment explaining
what sort of feedback you 'd like to receive if any .
if you are looking for feedback please flair your post feedback wanted . ''
please resubmit your photo and leave a comment with information about the photo .
post titles are to provide a title for your photos only .
all additional information should be posted as a top level comment as per rule one .
why does it seem like every mcu actor or director who comments on scorsese comment sound dumber and dumber ?
like marvel movies are n't bold because all but like 2 have the heros winning in the end what made infinity war good was a villian winning and suprising everyone .
chadwicks comment is like him dancing around him saying scorsese is old and white which is why he does n't like black panther which doesnt make sense because scorsese said all the mcu not just black panther .
it feels like he 's bring race into a non race issue which makes his comment seem dumber than the rest so far .
i started off putting a small piece of sponge under the strings close to the bridge .
i am sure some would say its like training wheels for a bass .
but it lets you hear what muting ought to sound like .
and it is very satisfying to be able to sound better than your abilities currently allow .
i have since figured out my muting and do not need the sponge anymore .
though sometimes i put the sponge back as with flat wound strings i can get that sweet dead note sound like an acoustic double bass .
is much more beneficial than practising for a longer time but less often like only once a week .
my previous best was 14 what number should i be going for ?
and if i 'm counting all orgasms then it was closer to 20 but i did n't count the dry loads
i think from this whole thread if i take anything from it it will be that it 's ok to step away and take time
it kind of matters if mn ends up being 12-1 .
i firmly believe that we are plagiarizing somebody somewhere .
the world is a massive place and it would be silly to think our ideas are super original .
some guy in a small town in far away place likely wrote what you wrote .
the difference is that you either got it published long before he did or he never wrote it down .
this is n't a bad thing it 's just a thing .
also it 's impossible to write decent stories and live in a bubble .
every decent author tends to borrow ideas from somebody else or something else .
i will only be impressed if you used the same hand that the armpit was attached to too ?
replace it with a different map or this just smaller ?
alright some caveats i am using bs 1.3 via otg so if any of those things are n't true for you maybe your results will be different .
started game wing commander iv ntsc-us disc 1 to be precise
if that is n't happening for you i honestly do n't know what to say it 's entirely possible that autobleem older versions of bleemsync non-otg storage or any other variable could result in a different outcome .
but who are their second choices going to be ?
sorry he does n't have a six pack that you can pull your goalie to .
ok well i 've seen it with my own eyes in the community agency i worked for .
blake should have been set and yang should have been ravana.who cares if both are assassins ?
it 's because the team crazy cat 's eyes have n't retired yet
i 've never found finger picks that make it any easier to play fast .
i 'm not saying picks have nothing to do with it but i think they have very little to do with it compared to technique attack angle how you wear the picks whether you bend the spoon or not etc .
it used to be a reward for ranking out 5 ?
it was one of the rarest ships to see and was stronger back then due to not having been powercrept yet and the fact they the average black owner tended to be a lot better than average dd player .
pretty sure it predated belfast but in any case existed long before steel came into the game
if i am correct you collabed/teamed with ix gaming which apparently won the na regionals and qualified for the championship earlier .
slash yeah it was never the plan to stay with ix gaming they always knew it was a possibility we would go elsewhere for worlds .
we left ix on great terms and we all love david ix 's founder .
you may have a bright future of tattooing ahead of you !
hey mad respect for disclosing this is an instagram ad .
i hate those suspiciously posted ads that make me feel like i 'm surrounded by corporate bots .
no u/professahtigah you can not eat the pootis bird that is cannibalism
i have n't seen anything about him in years ...
dude i think your meds are wearing off again ...
if you want to try for a refund then file a claim with ebay .
that may force the seller to respond to you as well .
you may not have to return the item depending on what happens .
if they do n't find in your favor then file a claim or dispute the charge with the payment provider paypal or credit card or whatever .
it may only be 21 but why just shrug it off and let them keep doing this to other people ?
you would definitely not be ta for leaving negative feedback and you should so they do n't rip other people off .
definitely mention that it was not in the condition they promised .
that is always a possibility that can save thousands of lives
i once went in the bathroom i 'm a male and two dudes in one of the stalls is having intense an\*l s\*x and i immediately made a u-turn
bring me a new datsun as in a small sports car with a frilly name designed for americans and i may jump on still .
sadly there are wolves who see nothing but sheep to be taken advantage of despite the sheep being good sheep .
often the wolves will hide as sheep as well .
as you know 'software ' is n't countable as a noun .
especially relevant here would be the public reactions '' segment .
i mean you can make it work but not until late game .
mr100 is when you get r12 weapon augments for health regen which is what you 'll need if you 're gon na use nergigantes upgraded ig .
vaal set bonus is now only 2 piece pre-requisite instead of 3 so flexibility is there and he gives peak performance 2 and some slots on the head and you can choose another piece to get the bonus and mix build from there .
so yes it can be viable but to be honest it wo n't be until very late game where that extra defensive cushion is n't gon na be doing much when another option could be divine blessing 5 or something
my tsundere waifu drinking bubble tea one of my favourite drinks the blush and the shinjuku outfit that i love too !
children would much rather have 5 one dollar bills than a 20 lol
that excuse looks like one of those old mtv ads for safe sex .
to be fair perkz got focused super hard this series and for a very good reason he is the catalyst of g2s success and when he 's shut down it 's really hard for g2 when wunder is not performing to atleast medium standard .
did not help that g2 decided to not prioritise a good pick for jankos instead of wunder he could have been on ornn duty and atleast be usefull .
i mean the whole story of fpx was roaming bot and jgl/supp synergy which counters g2 to an extent where they cant do shit because they live through roaming scirmishing and lane allocations where perkz gets the farm but all of that is what fpx are super good at so they hit them where it hurts problem was that the saving grace of mid/late skirmishes and fights and picks that g2 are so good at to bring back games that are badly lost like they did against skt needed jankos to be relevant which was impossible due to pb priorities set by g2 and punished by fpx and just pb in general with what they picked for caps .
i just overal think that fpx was written off for no reason stylistically fpx counters absolutely everything g2 does so it had to be a 3-0 or 3-1 at best in fpx favour i dont know why people and especially analysts did not see that but oh well .
hats off to g2 for an amazing run but the weaknesses of what they do were exposed doesnt mean other teams can punish it but pb and wunders approach and play needs improvements to go that extra mile .
perkz is only gon na get better and so is caps .
i have a feeling that this test series is gon na be harder for us than we think .
yasir shah vs smith is gon na be an intriguing battle especially considering smith 's relative weakness to leg spin .
and pakistan just absolutely took apart our a team with their pacers who contain a few members of our squad so there 's no reason that they ca n't do that to us
if you wan na get good at roy you need to know 2 things 1 .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
the probability is that he did n't learn how to control himself .
it 's hard work and most people are not willing to do it .
and he imposes his opinion on the product too much so much that it sounds like a passive cornette .
repeatedly calling jungle boy jungle jack '' or jungle boy jack perry '' when neither is the kayfabe billed name .
and it seems like the evps respect him too much to correct him
this past event full gear jr kept saying how hangman 's flying and moonsault is n't his style and is too high risk for him .
it shows a severe ignorance on hangman ' s career as he 's done a lot of those spots many times .
jr needs to keep up with the product or go into a production role .
because you ca n't blame his poor performance on agr schiavone is similar in age and is already working as if he has n't lost a step .
im not sure but i can read i am savathun ... light ... expect ''
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yeek3wfmk5s https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=yeek3wfmk5s i have commented this before but i honestly have no idea why i enjoy watching england players arrive for training camps so much .
literally just watching people shaking hands and saying you alright mate '' over and over again .
it 's fucking weird but i could literally watch this if they stretched it out and made it an hour long .
people in the comments say the same thing it should n't be anywhere near as enjoyable as it actually is .
i thought the obama administration made this illegal and you had to process the transactions from least to most
this is the widest section of an otherwise tiny stream in the hills it flows through a gorge where there are 3-4 deep pools like this .
character is bored and sees a hot milfs near you ! ''
ad which turns out to be genuine and she ends up banging a friend 's estranged mother in a motel room .
a person 's superpower is mood broadcasting and because she 's horny and hopped up on cocaine so is everyone nearby .
one character is stealing belts all over the campus as a hobby and one of them happens to be a heirloom sash so the owner tracks her down and fucks her
two characters fall off a flying city to dodge a mountain-buster power attack ending up fucking in the crater they made on the ground .
especially when you look at the sorts of roles they 've played .
if you 're gon na kill yourself now then how will you be able to meet the person for you ?
are you going to let her/him suffer in loneliness too because the person meant to love them has finally said goodbye to the world ?
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
if you feel that your post was removed in error or are unsure about why this post was removed then please contact us through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcursedcomments .
the new temple should reflect the historical resilience of hindus against tyrannical forces .
i know of a 6.5k player who only plays broodmother and phoenix
please do your best to respond to commenters as they take the time and effort to read your post and give you advice .
if a commenter provides advice that is helpful please respond to the comment with the word '' helped '' anywhere in your comment .
this will give the commenter an advice point which will show that the commenter is a helpful member of this subreddit .
you can respond to as many comments as you want and we encourage it if they help you even a little bit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/advice if you have any questions or concerns .
i understand what you mean but stil restarting your game to fix a zookeeper is ridiculous
have you ever caught an sti or an std ?
you must not watch the games if you think he is n't a major issue .
multiple times he has made us go for two and play from behind and missed fg have completely forced a different gameplan being down 6 rather than 3 or tied vs down 3 .
some may call it tololism and they 're not wrong .
you ca n't hate something that you do n't think exists
i 'll message you a google doc link once i 'm done
there 's some lovely filth down here ... oh !
i am arthur king of the britons ... can you tell me who lives in that castle ?
he is one of the 3 top students of commander puretide the greatest tau commander to ever live the others being farsight and shadowsun .
i believe he was in stasis during the damocles crusade .
several of puretide 's students were put in stasis so they could be awakened when they were most needed .
in 8th edition he is awake i think he is fighting death guard .
he keeps starving when i have over 10mil kcal of food .
once i got so mad i enabled sandbox mode and spawned asteroids with an auto clicker on him so he would shut up .
i noticed when he showed middle finger right hand in walking dead his pinky get up but here he do it left hand .
nah just ... letting you know i guess . ''
it becomes a valid strategy to purposefully screw over your teammates and get them killed ?
deranking to go against people who are new to the game people who might 've picked up the game that day is a valid strategy ?
yeah these are absolute scumbag things to do and before someone says well the devs say camping is a legit strat '' what other pvp game is camping considered a legit strat except by children noted trolls and hackers ?
the bosses are kinda bad is small chance to get woerewolf bp and like 0.1 chance to get mount item or soo ... . but it gives you amulet and acces to werewolf temple ?
or something like that its kinda good for you cuz after 150 you can exp there for bestairy
i 've used both bes and lasso even together .
i can not go into any town or any small station because every 5 seconds my whole game will freeze and that just repeats for awhile .
i get 60fps and it 's the most annoying thing .
i just disconnect completely randomly also even in the middle of nowhere with no hitching .
if it 's existing debt how are labour the one crippling us with it ?
dustin fights nothing like tony at all so i do n't see how you can make that assumption 🤷‍♂️
i like how he moved on yet you ca n't seem to
it 's hard to ensure that its optional and not optional '' especially when so much of the system is privatised .
false that is what we do in a capitalist society and it has nothing to do with being a sociopath .
so if your phone is the issue commit to only going on your phone for x hours a day .
that will leave you some nice time to go for a run or maybe do a dance workout in your room there 's plenty on youtube ! .
try and find some healthy snacks that you like and replace just a few or even one of your unhealthy snacks a day with it .
i love grapes because they 're super sweet i have a sweet tooth but super healthy and full of vitamins too !
at the end of the day my motivation is that i do n't want to find myself at 40 years old out of shape and without a care for my appearance .
even more i want to live to meet my grandkids .
but also do n't forget you 're in 8th grade so you 're what 13/14 ?
do n't lose too much weight in this time because your body is still developing .
you do n't want to mess it up at this important stage of growth .
creating new threads about yourself your chart or your placements is not allowed on this subreddit .
if you have done so remove your post and post in r/askastrologers .
we do not allow topics that generalize or stereotype by sun sign for example posting about scorpios '' or a capricorn woman '' signs you have dated '' or air signs '' if you mean people .
if you have broken these or another subreddit rule https www.reddit.com/r/astrology/about/sidebar delete your post or you could end up with a temporary or permanent ban on participation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/astrology if you have any questions or concerns .
i believe this person is a wwe heel but in real life .
nhl is unplayable at 50ms while a fast shooter like cod works fine .
its a pure joke what they do there and unfortunately deciedes games from time to time .
im from germany and when i play top100 canadians then i mostly have such a huge input delay while they run around with 10ms and can react to each situation normally while i habe to guess each situation before ... otherwise its not possible to beat the bubble protected ballerina top100 players
they 're edible in the way that you wo n't die when you eat them .
no this is my 3rd yakuza game platinum first was yakuza 6 then yakuza 4 remastered couple of days ago and now this .
i just realized i still got this je 50 cal je/fmswa i 've traded different one lately with 15 reload sorry for confusion will you trade those 2:1 for that tesla ?
i 'm at work now and will be online in around 9 hours
or if you did you 're not an honest person .
and i cant wait till it catches up to him !
the riding position was okay on the harley for hour or shorter rides i 'm 6ft 2 and it had mid controls so it was quite bunched up .
and motorway speeds were tiring because of the bolt upright position .
the riding position on the gt is perfect sporty yet comfortable for hours on end .
i had a 3 hour journey bringing it home and at no point did anything hurt .
harley usable rev range was from 1400 to 4000 rpm and red line around 4500/5000 .
it 's raw and thumpy all the way through .
they claim it 's over 100ft/lb of torque but when it 's only making 60 ish bhp it 's slower than most a2 bikes .
ktm usable rev range is from 3000-9000 with redline at 10000 .
it 's smooth throughout like a perfectly tuned race machine .
it again claims around 100ft/lb of torque but matches it with 100bhp .
tldr harley engines are stuck in 1903 and ktm is living in 2030 .
if i only discovered trp and was isolated before i found couple of true partners '' i 'd save myself few arguably best years of life
i 'll will go and put my yard trimmings in a car compactor
you 've got all numbers on both sides of the road ?
probably gon na have to fly but it 's southwests hub and flights there are usually cheap .
it 's a desert so it 's unlikely to rain .
beating my wife and kids while listening to despacito so the neighbours cant hear their cries for help
to the first point i ca n't imagine anyone was going through all the tests cross-referencing names and ssns .
such a scheme would never be noticed unless someone was trying to catch it .
to your second point they 'd likely just assume that the student wrote down the ssn incorrectly on the test and fix it for them .
the story may be false but it 's completely plausible .
oh the humiliation of being called out as a side character ... by another side character .
in tabletop mode you can also just pick stuff up instead of wasting tools on it .
my hubby wants the conversation to happen so everyone knows that it happened and everyone knows that 's it 's his mother at fault .
he 's hoping the conversation will make her realize and while i want my son to have all his grandparents i do n't have high hopes for it .
he also knows if we have the conversation and everyone knows about it she ca n't go around making us look bad which she has done .
i am just a simple bot not a moderator of this subreddit bot subreddit r/snapshillbot contact the maintainers message/compose ? to=\/r\/snapshillbot
mmm perry the platypus i see youve now seen my newest invention the cockandballtoutreinator .
uhh throwing petrol bombs in general is n't ok .
i agree you should be looking at the teeth .
that should help an expert zero in on a species .
you must chew like a fucking donkey then holy cow hope you are ok
idk i 'm pretty wealthy and i 'm pretty happy ?
it 's nice to be able to travel with my wife
if it makes you feel better it probably did n't actually happen
i 'll do my part by downvoting anything but real nests from here on out .
from what i 've seen the regular price is 199 .
i got mine for about 130 at svp woodside square a year ago though .
this is no climate crisis ... .just another tricky day for you ... ..yeah .
lol what you 've got to be kidding me .
it 'll be great if i can get a link/timestamp for that .
imagine if we get fantastic four and the x-men as surprise guests in multiverse of madness even if they only show up briefly .
from the title i expected this to be the addition of blue eyes to belves the herald of the shitstorm
it sounds like when sl comes out you 'll get better control of your glow levels
yeah seems like i do n't handle that resolution well .
compact mode should help a lot though it hides the last play and football icon stuff .
it 's work for sure but it 's a beautiful thing .
same with starfruit carambola and for the same reason .
oh ok by figthing prowess without kuroko 's teleportation is kinda weird to measure touma already figths without using ib and that puts kuroko in a bad position .
still a win for touma because attacking his joints goes both ways and kuroko is too dependant on her power or resources to lan a finishing blow .
i got the ih module and mosfet on ebay from china in 2 weeks if that 's any consolation and it 's much much cheaper ih was 6 and mosfet only 99c and i had push button laying around but i got that from ebay too
i would say this lady is attacking his reputation ... .
i do n't care that he looks like he just got out of bed the dude is slaughtering us .
there 's a lot other sheetz songs that piss me off but idr atm
i 've placed a request in september of 2019 and received a letter saying my medals will be processed and expected by november 2020 ...
i 've never received any medals or awards when i was in always had to buy my own like dxing worn uniform that shit is like a fairytale .
the only time i 've heard was on deployment at camp taji when some pog saw how bad our uniform and boots were and told us why we did n't dx them we just stared at him confused like wtf you get to dx shit ?
only time we got close to dxing is when our uniforms were covered in blood of the person who was kia .
i love the idea of a 16 team playoff with conference champ bids for the p5 aac and the highest ranked team in the other 4 g5 conferences .
play the rof16 two weeks after conference champs then progress one week at a time from there .
you could just scrap conference championships altogether and just give the autobid to the regular season champ and scrap divisions while you 're at it to keep the max amount of games to 16 in a season for a team .
might be tough to pull off but it 'd be a hell of a show and would give more teams a fair shot at the natty .
i there a full schedule i can view somewhere for all of the hearings ?
your facial expression tells me either you just found out your daughter is pregnant with your brothers baby or you just sat on a thermos .
duos moshpit is terrible looks like people want core modes back and a permanent heavy metal heros .
sounds like your losing more and more players with terrible decision making .
maybe you should listen to the people and put popular modes in to boost player count instead of doing ... .i have no clue what your doing but it 's not good .
this submission has been removed as your elaboration was less than 160 characters roughly two or three standard sized sentences .
if you wish to resubmit the post make sure you include an elaboration/explanation to your post that is has more content .
please read rule 1 correct formatting and rule 6 elaborate and the rest of them while you 're at it .
note that reddit 's character count is unreliable as they count spaces whereas i 'm programmed to not count spaces and there 's nothing the mods can do about it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
sawant secured a majority of her funds from out-of-state people a good number of whom seemed to be unemployed '' .
last year he had all the opportunity in the world with oladipo out and he could n't do anything with it .
penn law was the short name of the college transcripts and degrees come from the university .
the only thing that might change in terms of official documentation is it may read carey school of law of the university of pennsylvania or university of pennsylvania carey school of law instead of just university of pennsylvania school of law .
i guess i was just kind of impressed by how fast sleek and minimalistic debian 10 was with the cinnamon desktop environment so i kind of want windows 10 's desktop to be more like it .
i guess i also got the impression from all the things i 've read about linux and it being compared to windows in general that windows is a bloated mess compared to linux .
and i still wish i could get rid of half the shit my windows 10 came with .
even if it is n't resource intensive i do n't need it .
or maybe i just need to clean more shit off my computer and change the theme .
and i guess i also just like people reading things to me .
it 's really delicious and it 's like a windows 7 desktop but sexier somehow .
eh an added 30 minutes total is n't going to kill me .
anyone that regularly watches more than 30 minutes of nightly tv is n't exactly going to live or die on that extra half hour either .
she 's there to motivate finn and serve as his antagonist .
plot importance is n't everything mate there 's also character .
is it even possible to have a bad or boring interview with bill burr ?
i am just a simple bot not a moderator of this subreddit bot subreddit r/snapshillbot contact the maintainers message/compose ? to=\/r\/snapshillbot
as soon as i saw the ears i was like get the fuck outta here
given how tornadoes form i 'd be more worried for central asia and australia with climate change .
and if this guy does n't immediately apologize fully understand where and how he fucked up and make it right ?
because this is relationship 101 and you have a child who depends on you .
you do n't have the time to train someone in how empathy works .
if someone is wailing because the store is out of their favorite cereal they 're overreacting .
if someone is not functioning and going on how it 's the worst day ever and the biggest injustices in the history of the world always happens to them because someone cut them off in traffic they 're overreacting .
i 'm not going to expect my child to act like an adult but i 'm going to guide him to learn how to cope .
i 'm not going to make fun of someone for crying some people cry more than others .
but i 'm not going to act like unreasonable people are acting reasonably .
sounds like you need cum in all three of your holes ... open wide for your first load !
we 're only down three i 'm very optimistic that we can improve our defense this quarter and come through with the win
i 'd have thought you would love baylor this year they are the embodiment of chaos considering they were picked like 7th or 8th in conference by some preseason people
naw that bonehead will be have to sit for the 25 games .
yeah i trade all the time and have completed numerous deals involving legacies .
we can call for a courier if you 'd feel more comfortable they are approved by sub to act as middle men during a trade .
she liked the way things were before with a live in babysitter so she could go out and fuck whoever she wanted .
silly pants skating routine dvd comes with the book .
while they have death penalty for sodomy in more than 8 muslim majorities .
ot needs to just go until it 's done .
no holographic security printing in the gold security strips at the top and bottom of the band
taino silhouette is all wrong non-holographic inner smaller head is missing and it does n't fit in the white space behind it
habana cuba '' is wrong font and is too high in the yellow field
if the nhl had a players weekend like the mlb his jersey would say shooty shoot
there 's nothing wrong w this ... ... oh my god
i need something that can handle a bunch of current .
hmm i have all these units..what was the strat ?
thanks heaps for taking your time to do this so well
probably not in a while since the game just came out and they still need to add zombies and such
kai looks incredible everyone else looks ok in this but i prefer it over the first non-le superm theme .
though fml still for not completing the halloween le one . .
nobody has to reevaluate anything because of cyberbullies like you .
if you want to go online to abuse and troll then it 's plain and clear who needs to reevaluate yourself .
when else are they going to have 15-minute sex ?
most upsetting thing i 've seen on this sub oml the first part aswell !
ik had ook helemaal geen zin in afstuderen of onderzoek doen .
maar als je een beetje interessant werk wilt in de software dan is wo wel een beetje een must .
natuurlijk kun je ook hbo doen en dan jezelf opwerken maar in eerste instantie word je dan gewoon gezien als extra handjes aan de lopende band .
i 'm mesmerized by the twins 😍😍 a shot post shower ? ?
if only they 'd make this standard across the country .
maastricht has these bargraphs on some lights den bosch has numerical counters in the middle amber light but not everywhere .
and most places have no fancy timers at all .
very annoying as you 'll never know if there 's a timer or not .
and for cars with a stop-and-go thah turns off the engine for emissions this would be ideal ...
how about malleus maleficarum aka the hammer of witches ?
sample poems posted on my school 's writers club i am an alumni now
you saw that i could do no wrong and you put me on a pedestal .
your impression of me was soon broken shattered into smithereens .
you told me i was a liar a manipulator that i spun you around my little finger and made you giddy and confused .
in your eyes i was the devil and angel all at once .
your fury knew no boundaries and your calls were endless and accusatory .
these are machinations of your mind in the eye of the storm .
soon your warped and amnesiac mind denied all allegations-nothing happened .
we were back to friends again plain and simple .
you were the jekyll-hyde of my life-the emotional rollercoaster which spun me around and threw me off .
my seat did n't have any buckles in the first place and there was no brake .
my pen glides across the paper smoothly endless lines stanza by stanza .
black magnificent ink flows across the page like a river my thoughts exposed for all the world to see .
but my hands are in pain terrible pain as the strain of writing takes a toll on my weather worn hands .
it is crying out in agony lashing out in pain .
these hands they have journeyed through storms and vast seas with me .
they are very tired of trudging on just like me .
under this shiny veneer of happiness there was a current of depression sucking everything in like a black hole .
it threatened to pull her in to drown in .
sometimes there was torrential rain and everything became fifty shades of grey .
the clouds became so dark and stormy and grey and the skies did not clear up .
everything became like a blur like seeing through a fog no direction aimless .
the swirling vortex of confusion and despair threatened to overwhelm her .
years ago it did n't feel quite so dark .
no we will be stuck here for quite a while
the difficult finales are actually a return to the vermintide 1 way of doing things .
i think the idea is that when you struggle though a dangerous ending by the skin of your teeth you get more of a sense of triumph by comparison the vermintide 2 finales used to be a bit anti-climactic .
in some ways i like the finale changes when they 're not bugged like brachsenbrucke but ...
it 's just not a good fit for the loot system .
the all or nothing '' approach to mission rewards means that when you fail at the end you do n't feel like it was a fun challenge that you want to try again to do better .
you feel pissed off because you got no loot out of it and it feels like you wasted your time .
and it leads to more finger-pointing and toxicity between players .
people pointed out that this was a problem at the game 's release or even earlier during the beta for example this post from j_sat https www.reddit.com/r/vermintide/comments/7zgkv0/paradigm_shift_the_case_for_loot_for_progress_in .
unfortunately fatshark have n't acted on that advice and have now made things worse with the finale changes .
the article outlays why plus obviously we could do without these employees leaving to work in another department .
they will also be receiving offers from private firms to join .
every game i played as survivor over the last month or so i just wrote down what killers i faced in every match and added them all up .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
just how many stories do we have to have about israeli soldiers shooting unarmed palestinians in the back on weekly basis ?
some of the things people say in the comments are just insane do you really believe what you wrote in the comment ?
i know that in the netherlands 'frame numbers ' are mandatory for new bikes since january 1st 2010 .
old bikes do not need to retrofit a serial number .
he did n't say professing his name is the only way to the father though .
he said it is the only name by which men are saved .
which means they could get the chance to profess his name in the next life if god chose that .
it 's all open to what god chooses just like the bible also says .
i think you are infp mostly because i am infp and i can really relate to what you said .
i am a software programmer as well anf my family is full of feelers .
its nice to relate to someone as much as i do to you apart from the life aspirations and fears i am all about the love and understanding .
you look to me as an infp 6w5 enneagram type with sp instinct .
i may be wrong but this is the vibe that you give me
i 'm slightly concerned that we 've been getting good results without playing particularly well .
my hope was that we were just in a holding pattern until our key players return from the rwc .
on the plus side dinky is looking decent although he 's always a confidence player so one gaff away from collapsing .
if this post makes you suffer upvote this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makemesuffer if you have any questions or concerns .
your cat is just pissed about the exile house twist .
there is n't really anything to read because it 's just phone numbers and mapquest .
fuck me you have just written the stupidest thing on the internet .
i have a elemental projector otto idol with weapon dmg but i use it on my two of my builds
i do n't really have a strong opinion on term limits .
if the courts in another country decide the term limits are wrong then so be it .
i 'm pretty sure they have n't updated they 're pretty slow but how would an old app result in even files being locked out of file access ?
what happens if you run into a wall at full speed ?
yes no communist country has ever had a personality cult at its core .
none of them have ever had organized paramilitary forces or ever suppressed journalism .
none of them have ever floated the idea of a communist ethno-state .
if you really think the fpm is fascist do yourself a favor and start collecting disability benefits .
the s*n who literally lied about hillsborough plus years of racism and distasteful articles about dead relatives ?
i never even changed it what are you talking about lmao
might be that i 've never noticed it when it 's gone but i 've noticed it when it 's there .
i basically only play clash assult and conq though .
do you know if it 's a common issue or have you just had it for years ?
probably hopefully not a conscious act but our religion teacher at our catholic school gets a boner whenever girls talk in the class .
notice how he is making these comments in 2019 and not 1965 or 1985 ?
put queen away from the line to king then check diagonal .
i think a bit after the marching fire update .
it depends how much riding you 'll be able to do and what the cost of bringing the bike with you is .
how much will it cost to bring the bike with you as well as lodging/rental vehicle costs to transport while you 're away ?
should n't anything football be welcome on this subredddit ?
do n't you think segregating the women 's game out of the discussion for the sport as a whole is a bit discriminatory ?
also to address your pont that no one cares about women 's football .
downvoting posts about it so other people do n't get exposure to it does n't exactly help .
the more players do n't have to get a second job just to supplement income so they can atleast purely focus on being a footballer the more support and funding there is at a grassroots level the better the game will get as a whole .
all of it starts with fan support and engagement and that starts with people actually being exposed to it .
do you downvote posts about leagues you do n't care about as well ?
i think anything that 's related to football of a certain quality of course should be allowed here .
you might look into getting some georgian ostlegion guys as well because of the texel uprising !
i might be naive but i think we 're due for a bit of a correction in the next couple of years .
not just with collector cars but also with property etc .
we 've been propping up the economy again with loans left and right and i do n't expect that to hold .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
a cursed comment is any comment that strikes the reader into oblivion .
upon seeing a cursed comment your first reaction should be among the lines of what the f k did i just read ?
? while leaving you speechless at the same time .
incomprehension of the comment just read or the blatant gruesomeness of it should be enough to not only make you feel mystified but also to draw a smile on your face .
your comment in your post does not reflect that .
if you feel that your post was removed in error or are unsure about why this post was removed then please contact us through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcursedcomments .
how well did s6 serve you in arena tho ?
i do n't see you having a good raid team yet or sl unlock in the near future .
if you go quiet and just stare for 20 seconds ... thays just creepy
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
nah dawg they 're all as good as each other
iirc there was a universal skin for 2018 aswell .
but i 'm 100 sure that the last one 2019 is universal
i 'm suddenly up for stringing brexit out far longer .
i 'm a troll so if you do n't like my shit pls ignore it
i think they look fine that just looks like a rough and badly done picture
we will see when the rework its live ... but i think its not a game changer
it 's just hard to come to terms with .
i 'm not sure i 'll be able to let her go at the moment
there been an influx of millenials are ... . '' articles because this ok boomer '' meme is really really infuriating boomers .
probably not most of them but the ones that are in the media sphere either as journalists or as media figures are very bitter about it .
how is she supposed to learn to cook if he wo n't let her do something as simple as choose the spices that go in a dish ?
she was n't choosing the spices she was following a recipe .
if she wants to learn to cook she needs to try more than once every 3 months .
honestly it sounds like she makes a lot of mistakes and the husband was trying to alleviate some of the pressure just did n't go about it in the best way .
i was n't able to try it out pre-college due to that jerk .
oh should have written that down as well.. no there are only 5k caps in my inventory
by mentioning another city you brought in the comparison not me .
by mentioning an incident in other city you are trying to make it sound like it 's ok happens everywhere .
if someone says someplace as shithole or anything derogatory ask them why he thinks and then discuss/debate/argue about it .
even plugged in albeit a bit boomy i think it puts it up to some guitars that are way more expensive .
it 's annoying there 's been tonnes of great recommendations but nowhere here stocks them .
only getting to try the seagull because a friend owns a couple that he swears by .
all newer motherboards should be pre updated if not most retailers will do it .
you do realize you 're talking about the majority of the global population right ?
you 're not only outnumbered but outnumbered by people who will violently resist this in many cases .
you did n't wipe anyone you fool your cheeks got busted .
on topic i read sirens of titan slaughterhouse 5 and mother night .
do what you want if that 's truly what you want but doing shit like this is not going to give you any benefit ... .
u/thatbroadsharli thank you for your submission please remember to supply as many details you can .
these include if applicable size origin store and/or geographic location age and any writing on the item .
additional pictures can be added as a comment in this post .
whatever you 've googled/found already should be included to save time and effort .
if an image you can check this google search of your link here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/helpmefind if you have any questions or concerns .
right ok. that 's actually been a big achievement i 've made recently being able to sense when i 've subconsciously tensed up in sparring and relaxing .
i think yeah for now i still need to consciously control my breathing/tending/nerves as i 'm not at a level where it 's natural to stay loose and calm .
nta debt forgiveness at holiday time is an ancient tradition .
plus you forgave 700 bucks which is frickin ' huge not thoughtless .
but homeboy cop has no idea what kind of bad situation he was in .
someone could light that gas all over the ground on fire and night night .
dot matrix is beautiful i have one of those not familiar with distortion or shibuya where are they from
i 'd start with the watermark at the bottom this form was created inside of hartnell college . ''
which means that i created that survey with a school g suite account .
i created a new survey https www.surveymonkey.com/r/8gfp6p2 that is more anonymous without taking away from the data collection .
it was more out of fear of the spread of communism and to further distinguish the us from russia but yeah i agree restore it to the original version .
➤ do not entertain private messages reddit chat invites or friend-requests on steam unless the same user leaves a comment on this thread banned scammers will see this post and pm you but can not post here .
➤ a quick search of someone 's reddit username on the universal scammer list https universalscammerlist.com/search.php and their steam profile on steamrep http steamrep.com steamtrades https www.steamtrades.com is absolutely recommended before committing to a trade .
always copy-paste into these websites instead of typing nolife can be easily misinterpreted or misrepresented as nollfe or n0life .
➤ cryptocurrencies and paypal personal payments friends family are as good as irreversible in nature you can not get your money back once it 's sent .
paypal purchase payments goods services offer a certain degree of protection to buyers for a nominal fee you can dispute such payments if in case something goes wrong with the trade .
➤ for your own good spend a few minutes going through this safety guide https www.reddit.com/r/steamgameswap/wiki/safetrading that outlines how best you can protect yourself against scammers and common scam tactics .
ignoring this recommendation could very well result in you getting scammed you have been warned .
➤ we have announced a few rule changes in this town hall thread https www.reddit.com/r/steamgameswap/comments/b6vxwt/announcement_sgs_accepting_moderator_applications read through the post at-least once to avoid getting banned because of the new policies in place .
➤ if you have any questions or need assistance with something message the moderators or jump into the chat-room of our official steam group https steamcommunity.com/groups/redditgameswap .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/steamgameswap if you have any questions or concerns .
using it against everyone who even remotely disagrees with you definitely makes it funny well done .
it 's good as a supplement to income but i think long term you 'd be best off aiming for etsy as a side income with other income sources too of work that you can do .
there are jobs that are flexible for people with illnesses i have 11 hours contracted work a week and then just pick up extra shifts when i 'm up for it and honestly when i was more sick earlier this year i found that easier than trying to run my etsy business i just made sales on what stock i already had and did n't do anything else because it was too much .
see if there are some low hour computer based jobs you could do from home maybe or jobs with just a few hours a week that are n't too strenuous .
lou just ran into his shoulder and they didnt overturn it
i do n't walk about anyone in my family i might hurt someone
i honestly find it as good and re-watchable as kenny vs. spenny .
it 's basically 'freddy got fingered the series ' .
think of a live action south park but even more batshit insane .
ya a karen bitches about stupid petulant shit and suck to be around—generally funny to see their meltdown but this is full on hitler shit that 's fucked up to see or hear
but i saw that it was labelled vp.. does the bud smell spicy .
could be violator purple and it would make sense with the bud formation you have.. this is some aaaa material unless it smells like hay which i doubt .
ive worked in gray dispensaries for almost 2 years and have seen some crazy nugs .
shitting on a giant version of a mass production suit named after the pilot ... while piloting a giant version of a mass production suit named after its pilot .
i 'd post screenshots tbh but she might be on reddit i 'm kinda paranoid
well one has pro skills the other is terrible at french noises
it 's intent is to see what young adults know about prevalence health risks and prevention of hypertension .
i hope so be age to increase my sample size to get a more accurate data .
can post results after the conclusion of the survey !
be willing to be flexible for the following reason alone it can change in an instant .
anything you have planned out may have a different outcome .
you absolutely have every right not to want visitors for however long you choose i was the same .
however i did have to ask for help on day two or three honestly ca n't remember which one it was because i needed to go back for a procedure and needed someone to watch the newborn and two year old .
just keep in mind something simple may happen that you need a hand with .
it 's wonderful do n't get me wrong and i 'd do it again in a heartbeat .
you 'll be fine either way and it really is the smallest blip on the radar or having kids so enjoy it and best of luck .
sorry only vidble.com reddituploads.com gfycat.com redd.it kum.com vimeo.com sendvid.com erome.com and pornhub.com links are allowed for now .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gonewild30plus if you have any questions or concerns .
barista apart from rude customers i enjoy everything about my job
my public company uses slack but i can see us moving to teams
when ever people just say adjective here i die laughing it just sounds so awkward like it 's a title or something
like i want to wait for a chick fil a order for 20 minutes for 3.76 ?
i think any of these would fit the minimalist classic look that can still be had under or just over 100 .
lebron got his jersey signed off by the team.. it may be the city edition .
nip would n't respect anyone profiting from a dead man.. let alone himself .
yeah ... .. that is looking less and less true
this is the closest description i 've ever read about how my depression feels
psa make it a habit of reading the rules https www.reddit.com/r/gamingcirclejerk/about/rules of each subreddit you participate in
rule 7 no participation in linked threads brigading do not vote or comment in threads you 've found through r/gamingcirclejerk
rule 9 no fake posts on other subs contamination do not create fake posts on other subs only to post back here .
also do not lol you should post this on r othersub '' .
it 's considered interfering with their content and can also lead to brigading .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamingcirclejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
she does n't want to give up the og vokai numbers .
yeah it should be a constant worry for everyone at this point .
i picture this same damn future time line any time i see a new poll showing how polarized we are .
we should n't overstress this as if the sky is falling we just need to be skeptical and determined .
we should n't trust any election until we die .
it can always go the wrong way because some people did n't like a news story that came out the week of the vote or our candidate yelled weird at a rally .
but instead of becoming depressed with this anxiety stay angry !
do n't normalize this asshole and always be there to provide a counterpoint to any mini-trump rally happening at your dinner table or your friend circle .
find common ground and mix the problems of trump with positive ideas for the future .
focus on independents and obama-trump voters two of the four voters in my house voted this way but do n't assume every trump supporter is forever his devotee .
people change just look at republican support for bombing in syria change over a short period of time .
they did n't because it 's not their money and it never was .
i 'd rather see them go over here to be honest
i can understand your point from a monetization perspective it 's a way to earn money whithout putting a barrier cost .
it works for mobile game where the overall game quality is poor and try to attract a lot of freebies .
but on pc there is no way to sustain a revenue from add streams this would just deter quality seeking gamers .
adding adds over another paying scheme would feel superfluous .
i have a well paid job a house and a gaming pc i can afford games .
all of this revolves around getting some privacy to enjoy some quality time the exact opposite to watching aggressive adds for poor products .
for me adds on a pc game would lead to an instant desinstall .
anything going on in your neck of the woods ?
we finally have a broad left government albeit a minority one in madrid at least for a few weeks .
yeah i agree but at the same time i hope they make you aware before coming on the show that they can create a public image about you as a bit of a warning .
the 30 second hold is a very good idea if you crash you 'll have to be vunerable for 30 seconds .
my little brother took them while i was at school and forgot where they were
the irony to me is i have a hard time believing the very concept of conspiracy theory '' does n't come from an intelligence agency because it is so brilliant and effective .
what 's your guy 's bf because if he weighs 22kgs more and you both look identical '' if your at a low bf then i have no clue .
if at the 15-20 range then he could be holding a bit more muscle and a bit more fat just stored in different places .
regardless i had a friend that got me into working out turns out he is a genetic beast 19 5.9 215 lbs and holds the powerlifting total in the state .
so obviously before he went to his first comp i never realized just how much of a beast he was and would always compare myself to him .
very demotivating in the long run because i would never be able to catch up to his level as quick as i thought i would be able to .
all in all compare yourself to your old self as that is the only comparison that will net you any good in the long run .
the quantity and quality of local coffee shops are going to vary drastically among different areas .
cities they 're going to be all over the place .
there are many coffee shops near me that even roast their beans in-house .
rural areas often do n't even have a starbucks and the only place to buy ready-made coffee is a gas station .
in addition to drip coffee gas stations and convenience stores may also have a machine like this https www.restaurantsupply.com/media/catalog/product/cache/47f90410e89ec696b19c8b5e4c63b554/g/r/grindmaster-cecilware-gb6m10-ld-u_1.jpg that attempt to emulate handmade espresso drinks .
it tends to be fairly rare to find a convenience store or a gas station with an actual espresso machine where the staff will make espresso drinks for you .
i think captain britain in the comics is more like captain marvel style powers .
i think shes captain carter in a alternate universe in a short run though
just imagine how much more over they will be when luchasaurus returns
that 's the kinda attitude you need to be a pirate
i really like the comments on retro tech channels .
lgr techmoan 8-bit guy technology connections does not compute etc .
usually they 're already being informative in the videos but invariably the comments section will have a ton of helpful tips useful information or interesting facts about whatever the video was about that the presenter did n't cover which i really like .
went to the grocery store the other day and saw a hoarder driving a minivan with an infant in the back the windows were up because it 's pretty cold over here she was smoking a cigarette .
it pissed me off so bad and i wanted to cuss her out and be violent .
but i did n't want to end up on a season of love after lockup .
i have n't been 115 since college and would love to be back at 150 at this point .
but agreed when you 're so short even 5lbs is a lot .
you have until 11/14 08:23 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20191115t012357 .
it 's 3rd and 6 on the northern michigan 22 .
u/givemdaeephus reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' dvrpaj ''
they are called metal caps or thats what we called them they were used to put over teeth and it helped them get removed .
the samsung version https www.reddit.com/r/thesilphroad/comments/dvn8qc/pokeminers_indepth_apk_teardown_of_01610 of 0.161.0 will install side by side with play store version .
looks like they removed the facebook call that blocked it previously
i learned agar only after i had started this grow .
now i have some plates knocked up and learning to isolate strains .
if i cloned the chunky boi that would also be like isolating a strain right ?
i plan on cloning him anyways because he was the first pin i 'm sentimental like that lol .
i could fill part of the day just pretending i am playing morrowind and talking them through the game .
i had hundreds of hours on a single toon and know how to get a stupidly strong character within 15 min of starting the game without any exploits like dropping stolen items on the ground to avoid getting them seized by the guard in the starting room .
they should add the same rocket indicators red circle with crosshairs from boss fight to make it easier to dodge them
even pokémon go has all the pokémon from gen 1 through 5 .
and let 's go has all imported animations and an uncut gen 1 .
this new breed of pokémon absolutely jumps the shark .
not even taking models given from let 's go .
i 've seen good and bad about her like most contestants .
first off this is a neat idea so props to that .
we do n't know exactly how the variant heritages will work in the apg so my evaluation will be mostly based on what we can see in character creation now with the half-elf and half-orc .
i 'm not sure i get how the ability scores you list work .
this being a heritage feat meant to be taken by any ancestry are the con boost the two free boosts and the dex flaw meant to be taken in place of any other boosts and flaws from the ancestry ?
i 'm not a fan of that implementation as it would result in slimebounds of different ancestries having pretty much the same stats .
if your goal is to have constitution be a key score for slimebounds maybe you could try this approach make a con score of at least 12 a prerequisite for taking this feat .
that matches the flavor you 're going for and putting an actual limitation on who can take the heritage opens you up to some more interesting benefit options .
the compression feature is good and flavorful though i 'd just copy the wording on the quick squeeze https 2e.aonprd.com/feats.aspx ? id=828 feat .
i do n't like requiring that players pick an ooze type at first level .
it takes options away from the players and it forces them to play into the unarmed attack angle if they want any benefit from the heritage .
i 'd keep the 1d4 acid damage as a level 1 feat option and make the other exposure feats higher-level options that build on the unarmed attack effects .
flavor it as mastering more of your slime abilities instead of making players pick between them .
finally consider what kind of physical features slimebounds should have to set them apart from non-slimebounds of the same ancestry .
teiflings have horns and tails dhampir have fair skin and fangs and changelings have slight builds and eyes of two different colors .
i was deciding a computing major too i switched major right after that realizing it aint for me
good luck in life you need lots of it .
they still look cute af and if this was a fan content series it would probably be paraded around as proof the fandom is n't dying .
but i will try today after work for sure !
oh in that case we 're in agreement lol .
portland 's been hard hit by their injuries to collins and nurkic .
their new additions have n't gelled together quite yet either but i think they 'll manage to pull through before the season 's over .
i hope once they finished college those kids pitched in to help him back being the family he needed
you 're such an absolute cutie ♡ you make my night everytime i see you on my feed
i love how they included arrows just in case you did n't know how to read the comic .
i 'm not talking about mr. angreh man up there in the video he 's right that people are trying to get to work but he 's also a dick .
i 'm talking about the fact that staging a protest in the middle of the street is not a right .
a right to free speech is not a right to block other peoples ' movement or prevent them from exercising their own rights which is what these protestors are doing .
that 's just as unamerican as what he does .
we 'd like you to be aware of a few things in addition to making this post
you can comment on posts where people are offering their kind voices .
if you do talk to someone from kv and you 'd like to leave feedback positive or negative you can message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/kindvoice .
we hope you find the support you need here .
let us know if you are having hard time finding someone to talk to .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kindvoice if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd have you bent over the counter and sliding deep into you .
and i do n't understand how the deck is supported .
it 's not like they have anti-gravity tech in their universe .
weird airships and stuff but nothing that could permanently mount something in the sky .
his fg went from 35 to 37 with this one game
i recommend to learn how to write in hiragana and katakana .
it may seem like a lot to memorize but you 'll get the hang of it quickly .
then learn how to write basic phrases in hiragana .
then learn how to introduce yourself name age how many people are in your family who are they ?
since you 're just starting to learn how to write just try to write simple sentences .
ive never been but ill for sure check it out .
gets worse when you realize this is the 1000x it 's been reposted
yea there 's crazy people trying to murder woman rape them .
there 's crazy women biting dicks off and killing dudes .
yea there 's crazy people like that who exist but the majority of murders that are trans hate related are because they were 'tricked ' misled or felt like they were traped in to a relationship where they got attached to the person but felt betrayed .
domestic abuse cases happen where people kill their cheaters very often .
you ca n't say what if '' as an excuse for not being honest about something so important .
we had no one at the births as per my request .
had my mum pop in the day after for a quick food drop and look at bubba but i asked her to .
10 days is a bit long but your call .
no long visits no visitors sleeping over no sick or unvaccinated people and yes if people offer take up offers of food errands odd jobs anything that takes pressure off you .
so i 'm a theatre major and one night our director who is also theatre faculty here at my school messed up the name of one of the characters in the show .
the name of the character is literally well dressed woman . ''
my director slipped up and called her well endowed woman '' instead .
my friend who has the role does have a large chest and i do believe this whole thing was an accident .
however someone told him that that name is n't what 's in the show and he responded with it should be . ''
godwins worth 200 i would have died for that much lol
both you guys and the red sox were accused of the same thing the astros have been caught doing so i 'd hold up on that .
i do n't think anyone in their right mind would not have several of those cards in hard sleeve cases .
trump has been falsely propping it up by browbeating the fed into unhealthy low rates
the gop loots the economy breaks it and blames the democrats who reliably fix it .
the fed fund rate is currently double what it was at any point during obama 's presidency .
the fed kicked the can down the road for him too .
let 's not pretend the dems fixed anything during his administration .
both sides are just playing hot potato with the economy and then crafting narratives their bases reliably eat up about how it 's the other guys fault .
this user has verified themselves with the mod team https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/wiki/verification as evidenced by their 'verified ' flair and the 'original content ' flair on the link itself .
that means that this is a real live person posting their own body on the internet for our enjoyment .
all off-topic or unkind comments will be removed and subject to temporary or permanent ban .
see the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/about/sidebar for the full sub rules https www.reddit.com/r/realgirls/about/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/realgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
about the desperate grads can i ask what do they have in common ?
my guess is that he just vomit out what his brain can conjure lol
the bottom one has better lashes that 's how i tell the difference at least .
timing constraints built into the hdl not patched over the top referring to the netlist .
timing feels like it is treated as an afterthought by the tools but is a high priority for the developer .
i remember watching previous seasons that were bad and saying eh whatever i 'll keep watching '' but this is the first time that i legitimately like do n't care what happens with these people
eh worth a try good news is i have a 3 and i know where to find 99 of the features i am looking for .
so if all works out i will just go in person and figure it out myself .
crazy to think brian williams got fired for that .
he told a lie that embellished a story and it was the scandal of the year .
how should i react as an all-in support like leo when my ad constantly shoves the wave to enemy tower ?
especially in cases when they do n't let it bounce or freeze .
i just do n't have enough room to engage and no poke should i just look to roam ?
any safe way i can leave my ad pushed up solo before i get warding item ?
idk what your asking he broke up with you and your wondering about hurting him ... . ?
if he wanted to be with you he would be with you .
get off social media and work on your self .
my ex broke up with me in july and we lived 2 hours away we where doing ldr and she could n't handle only seeing her in peraon once a month my finance at the time could not let me see her more .
but now i 'm way better and still nc for three months but who is counting .
everybody else at least has youth on their side .
those guys are just collecting checks on non championship contending teams that would probably be happy if they get to an 8 seed .
i made it through undergrad as pre law convinced i wanted to practice .
final semester senior year i was taking lsat classes and going to school full time .
i have never felt my brain hurt more from trying to learn until then .
i have so much respect for those who practice .
if you wan na take the dude out to eat your treat or send a hamper of chocolates .
this is a size s. but i think it 's a size l or even xl comparing to a plain uniqlo tee .
i told my husband i was going to look something up on his computer ... yeah i ended up playing doom ...
let me crawl under your desk and eat you out .
i work for paychex and have seen way more reps come to paychex from adp than vice versa i have n't seen anyone defect to adp .
adp is a slightly better known brand because they 're a bigger company but what i 've heard from past adp reps is that the culture is more cut-throat turn and burn and crowded .
adp has multiple reps in my one territory and a friend of mine worked for adp he had two zip codes in one city and another small zip code across town .
it was weird they basically gave him odds and ends and said good luck .
i think paychex is the way to go personally .
it just pulls out your heart and stomps on it a million times .
give it 24 hours then read your own post again .
bennett has his faults but no way is he useless '' .
i 've had something similar happen and i can see where you 're coming from .
it 's not that you are demanding her sympathy or anything it just seems like they are not being considerate and selfish .
it 's clear where their priorities are and it 's not the friendship .
as i 've gotten better friends i 've noticed that anytime there was any kind of conflict whether it was between friends or just a personal issue everyone has always communicated respectfully .
shows that are aired on a network are not necessarily owned by that network .
friends gotham and big bang for example were on nbc fox and cbs respectively but were made and owned by wb .
on a positive note it 's most likely the frames that meta '' mages will be getting going forward .
i think the ones from the bike shop come from germany same difference right ?
it 's too endearing an image to invoke for a murderous dictator .
true the yellow letter in the ability name that indicates the hotkey in the description is manually set for the sake of aesthetic i guess it 's not mandatory for the hotkey to be part of the ability name .
i did n't realize it automatically redirects to the classic page .
the comment was made in wrath so it 's only visible on the bfa version .
there is nothing for you to 'break ' to me !
it is clear he is in the wrong unless a person supports him blindly .
since this is the internet it is hard to tell if something is a joke or sarcasm but if your comment was i apologize my rather harsh reply .
edit damn tablet ca n't work without making a mess while typing !
personally i find that horror in an unrealistic medium like anime ca n't be good because it just does n't translate to the real world in the same way a live-action horror movie would .
with that said there are horror shows that are unsettling or a bit uncomfortable and that manages to evoke feelings in that regard .
there 's not a lot of shows that does this really well but the few that does i consider to be good anime horror .
with that said i have a list of four shows that i consider to succeed at anime horror unfortunately not much else does as it 's far too flawed in one way or another of what i 've seen of course but these four are things i recommend you check out .
but he works for faux news so fuck him he 's used to scumbags 😄
but then again most of these cable companies are n't just cable anymore .
the only service i pay for is vrv and thankfully netflix is on a family plan with my brother .
sit down at god 's computer and hit ctrl alt del
screens are great but they 'll take over your life .
your mum wants you to keep a balance whilst she has a say in it .
pretty soon you 'll be able to decide your own screen time .
develop a discipline now and whilst you might make different decisions later never abandon your inner discipline about screen time .
i was highlighting you inventing quotes not necessarily the content .
in this age of misinformation and 'fake news ' you have to be more careful .
clear labour support in the area '' is a very different read from this one guy shows clear labour support '' .
as you say without the full clip we simply ca n't know .
its extremely convenient for usa orders.with that being said we 'll make sure we do a talk about matching in the next thread .
we were a little hesitant about actually including international shipping in the first place because we were worried about logistics but we didnt want to leave anybody out .
when you went over to grandma 's with the cousins and had to improvise with the board games .
slip and fall somehow leads to immolation in brazilian supermarket
reddit aw man that 's a monster lawsuit right there .
that store is liable for the barrels of kerosene being next to the soccer ball bins .
e=mc\^2 is just saying that matter is a form of energy .
the amount of potential energy contained in a given mass is huge .
energy mass x the speed of light x the speed of light .
this guy does n't mention energy mass or the speed of light .
he does n't even come close to even addressing what e=mc\^2 represents .
it 's almost like he does n't even understand the fundamentals of what he is trying to debunk
edit just finished and he mentions energy and matter .
he still has no idea what he 's talking about though .
before participating in our community please take a moment to read the rules https docs.google.com/document/d/1ixibzyaenaukenfvbuwm5tldagwg6tjvpz92tzo6oay/edit ? usp=sharing .
you can also check out our duggar faq https www.reddit.com/r/duggarssnark/comments/9a83za/frequently_asked_questions ? utm_source=reddit utm_medium=usertext utm_name=duggarssnark utm_content=t5_fl4tn .
please remember when viewing our subreddit that you can hide or block other users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/duggarssnark if you have any questions or concerns .
i love weed helps with my anxiety better than my pills smh
it 's a separate line from the normal railroad network which is still good but not as great .
guess this would be a good thread to ask this .
i run a 4-2-2-2 with an ajax left side blind if cb tagliafico lb beek if cdm ziyech cam tadić st .
are tagliafico or ziyech if upgrades worth their price over the nif versions ?
fucking sneaky hk police terrorists attack unarmed peaceful university students at night
take a test sweetie it 's the only way you 'll know for sure .
here we need only gray image and there seem to be parameter to force such format from camera .
that will reduce bandwidth by 3 from one camera .
also this is different approach but i am sure it will be not as good as vive
yeah i love him and danger is usually one of my weekly songs .
feels great when your thumbs just know exactly where to tap .
drip drop 's beatmap is so weird that it makes me feel like a master when i do n't screw it up lol .
im looking for birthday gift for a beginner astrophotographer .
at the moment he uses regular slr camera no idea what model .
googled it and found a few good websites about care .
one party will be in more danger while the other will be in exactly the same position .
and there would only be a marginal difference in happiness if you tell someone on the first date vs the third .
that 's not a lot of time to invest to find out something so minor about somebody .
most people go on more than three dates before they decide if they want to be in a relationship with somebody .
and typically it 's when they have reached that point where they might consider being in a relationship that all of the potential dealbreakers come out .
it is at that point that you might start talking about identity health ability and lifestyle choices .
mature and responsible people would ask questions like do you want kids in the future '' or what are your career goals '' before they decide to make a commitment to somebody .
it is during this conversation that it is the perfect time to offer up any information you think might be a dealbreaker .
the girl op was dating presumably brought it up even before this .
to expect something like that to come out on the first date however is a bit overbearing .
somewhere by the coast in a bigger more populated part of nz .
ha why are these things always timed everytime i 'm having a shitty day or something people who do n't know my situation always talk about exactly what i need to do to feel better or i just find these wholesome memes
why does the universe destory me and then like a day after that try and fix meeeee ? ?
i 'll get through this i know i will and i have to
i enjoyed myself and i definitely think ahs 1984 was good overall .
time for some speculation why do you all think the season count was reduced ?
my theory is that they planned an actual concert episode with a bunch of 80s artists references performances while people were being slaughtered but the concept got cut for budget restraints and/or dissatisfaction with musical episodes i personally enjoy them .
but i would n't call the writing in the freshman or roe in strong in comparison .
np but keep in mind this is only my 2nd-hand experience from two guys .
it 's incumbent on the person to get those jobs .
fwiw i am in bba have n't declared a specialization yet but marketing really intrigues me .
i 'll reserve my declaration until 2nd year though .
i ordered it online from their store and always geht my manga 1 or 2 days early .
i 'm happy to help you realise these things !
yeah but it has a net zero effect on hydration .
and it 's from metabolism of protein not far .
i would like to say that these folks did a great job of ...
press the donation button to the right to unlock full reviews .
its from pikicast asmr dont get caught series i forgot what the actual title for the show is
i 'm 40m and had the same issue the first one did n't work for me .
masturbation may have helped but not as much as a good passionate fuck session will trust me !
i 'm using testogel now rub it on my arm in the morning it 's great .
if only i got to use the benefits of it !
he does n't mention indiana directly but love of rural life is pretty clear in a lot of his songs .
'rain on the scarecrow ' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=rwhpzdke8cy was released in 1985 which was at the peak of farm crisis and fits well with what happened to a lot of farms and rural towns .
he was even one of the founders of farm aid a concert meant to raise money for those same farmers .
'small town ' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=0cvlvabecuc that music video could 've been filmed in a crap ton of towns in the midwest
'jack diane ' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=h04ch9yzcpi two american kids growing up in the heartland '' is one of opening lines .
it talks about the tastee freeze which was founded in illinois and has
'great midwest ' https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ulydjjckemg if you were n't from here why would make a song like this .
i would be utterly shocked if he was n't from the midwest .
chris claims he was overtaken by something dark and that he simply could n't let go of shan'ann as he was killing her .
it 's poorly executed repetitive littered with mistakes transcripts word-for-word aside and victim-blaming .
chris could 've used this book as a platform to help others but he 's too busy dodging accountability and cadle allows it .
chris is a pathological liar but i do believe that he 's telling some truth regarding the manner in which he snuffs out his family .
i believe he mostly drags shan'ann 's body out from the garage and at one point seemingly leans over to pick up who i believe to be little bella .
cadle approached the rzuceks and offered them a voice in the book but they respectfully declined .
they requested a copy of the book before print but cadle refused .
she admits this during her interview with dr. oz .
the entire project was beyond cadle 's abilities as an author so it 's no surprise that it ended up being a hot mess .
i mean he should n't have been lmao i 've posted shirtless pics before for jojo cosplays
rogue ca n't be similar to itself it already is itself !
dammit i thought you said this was going to be fun .
i got ta say this is by far one of the greatest games of all time
that 's the thing you do n't appreciate is how much searching and time it takes to find those scholarships while you are also trying to work on high school find a school and still keep a social schedule .
but they can ensure that the effects on the city are reduced
i think we should take care of the environment as well but can you please tell me the actual plan here ?
as far as i can see every single first-world inhabitant would have to suffer a drastic change in lifestyle in order to simply nullify their current impact which would n't even be close to enough due to the fact that the entire developing world is uh ... developing .
and when i say drastic i do n't mean stirring your coffee with spaghetti and using fewer plastic bags .
sharing your home with 2-3 other families etc etc and probably much more .
whenever i ask someone insisting on climate change funding '' what the money is actually going to do i never get a straight answer besides mumble mumble new technologies '' .
i mean we 've known for forever that we do n't have anything even closely resembling an accurate atmospheric flight model this is n't news .
even the decoupled flight model in space would pretty much crush all of your internal organs with the maneuvers we see people pull off regularly .
i would like to highlight this part we do n't have anything even closely resembling an accurate atmospheric flight model
so yea it does seem a little bit by that piece of evidence that you might have played a lot of hours without understanding what was happening all the time .
still do n't get why you are allowed to post on this sub with negative karma
people like this and hate touchdown when both are literally just rushing hard
yeah i tried talking to a few people about it and everyone thinks i 'm making it up it was a dream or i 'm batshit crazy .
my grandparents would throw my ass in a hospital for asking them something like that .
i went through all that it 's literally the worst thing ever and i thought my body/brain were permanently fucked up and that i had brain damage and would be unable to ever feel 'awake ' 'alert ' or feel any joy/contentedness ever again .
i felt that way for a whole week or two and then the fog began to lift and improvement was slow but noticeable and that gave me the strength and motivation to keep abstaining .
i 've had small slips here and there but out of all the addictions i 've had many ... meth was by far the most seemingly damaging to both my body and mind .
any day you do n't use meth is a huge success and try to keep that mindset for the next few months .
you do n't have to worry about anything except not using meth .
if you can change to a healthier diet sleep more and incorporate exercise into your life even better !
i want the clown crown for sprinting out of a shower to my computer at 2:59 am for nothing
i 've used her aroid mix https youtu.be/b9cgl_jizb4 with good results .
you can use this for philos pothos and anthurium .
in the video she has the ratios a bit off but corrects it in the top comment .
this is a really chunky mix that will drain really nicely and allow plenty of oxygen to get to the roots .
it will hold moisture but not too much moisture .
the above might seem like a lot of ingredients but you can use variations of those same ingredients to make substrates for all the other plants you mentioned .
those things plus maybe a bag of quality potting mix are the basis for almost any mix you might need aside from succulents .
read every reviews and recaps and news on what projects the actors would be involved in .
i think ww is one of those champs that is hard to balance .
minor bumps that results in buff or even a few qol changes might turn him into another topdog .
but i can agree that he can feel somewhat clunky .
the sad thing is if hgss was developed today kanto would have been cut because kids these days want to be done quickly and would n't sit through a second region ''
by the time they turn back i 'll have spent them .
whoever gets blamed for it well ... rip them .
of course i never want to make anyone feel bad which is why i always respond positively and try to find to good things about what they want to do .
i said every single one of them because when matters come down to such situations ultimatums are the norm when it comes to decision-making so long as you have an objective which eren clearly does .
decisions and news coming from authorities there are as you mentioned pressuring paradis island as time goes on .
since at this stage of the story it 's immediately about the future it 's either one major genocide or timeless wars since peace was lost
so i see the chain of events that lead to eren getting the founder powers and what happens afterwards is exactly what the outside world did n't expect from their sword of damocles and it 'll deffo be fun seeing how it all unfolds .
also the mist ending info you mentioned is really sick i believe what you mentioned is part of the reading experience through what our mind will wander to when we read how this manga ends .
you know your cousin dickhead never messes up his texts !
a report is biased or it has a bias .
le bon moment dans la prmière vidéo c'est celui-ci https youtu.be/0aa1fnqoo-i ? t=332 .
on voit l'image sauter une fraction de seconde avec les captures d'écran que tu nous montre .
you need a compromise otherwise you 're just companions .
only 2 years of building once the council approvals came in .
a huge amount of volunteer hours goes into these things too though .
i think it covers enough you should definitely answer the door like that for the pizza delivery guy !
just put those strips under your pillow at night to get 0.25 cents per tooth !
this article and especially the time dilation factor is fucking with my mind .
it says that light traveling in a vacuum is traveling at 100 there it has a time dilation factor and time and distances do not exist for a photon at that speed .
light from the andromeda traveling at that speed in a vacuum reaches us instantly and only slows down a bit when hitting the upper part of our atmosphere .
but it also says in the article that light from the sun takes 8.5 minutes to reach us .
is it not traveling in a vacuum as well ?
the suspect murdered his pregnant girlfriend who was also from hong kong .
the taiwanese government requested on 4 separate occasions a case by case extradition but all 4 request were ignored by the hk government .
she is saying to stand with hong kongers not the current hk government .
i would compare what i wore to the other sisters and it would be no different just because i have a bigger bust/hips and smaller waste .
god forbid i look like a woman ... .but i was eventually wearing ankle length maxi skirts '' and frumpy sweaters every meeting scared to death i was still inappropriate ... then it swung the other way ...
i was dressing sloppy was i depressed i needed to be well-kept and not frumpy .
one young sister was counseled by an older woman because she had a visible panty line '' ...
i wanted so badly to go up to her and ask do you feel like no panties or a thong would be more appropriate for a 13 year old ... what do you suggest ?
imagine having to contort your body and throw yourself unnaturally into defenders to draw fouls .
call me crazy but are n't these the looks that the girls wear in the soup of the day vivienne pinay ! video ?
1pm est happens when this comment is 14 hours and 12 minutes old .
i 'm a bot if you want to send feedback please comment below or send a pm .
the game really changes a lot the more you play since the skill ceiling is so high .
you 'll never hit a point where you can just do the same thing every time and win which is what makes it so fun and gives it a huge replay value .
my recommendation is first turning camera shake off it 's a little easier on the eyes imo and makes it easier to follow what 's happening .
second just go into free training and smash the ball around hitting it as hard as you can and as fast as you can go not just into the goal but off the walls .
try to jump into it and hit it flip into it and hit it .
you 'll slowly realize you 're getting faster and faster the more you do it .
let me get this straight you are 12 years old and having going through the no gender ordeal ?
to protect the subreddit from spam your comment was removed because you do n't meet the comment karma threshold or your account was recently created .
please read through the anti-spam policy https www.reddit.com/r/vaporwaveaesthetics/wiki/anti-spam-policy and participate in other communities on reddit before commenting again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vaporwaveaesthetics if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe it 'll point to something troubling enough to justify going further back .
it seemed to me like i said but i do n't know enough about the piece to be authoritative about it .
it 's the only way to go ... ..now .
cold tires are a thing i learned that the hard way .
always take it easy when it 's cold out .
depending on location watch out for icy patches and or leafy areas as they will be slick .
riding gear is good but layer up as much as you can some people like heated gear but i 've never tried it .
yeah that 's cool and all but do you happen to know what steve buschemi was doing on 9/11 ?
a large part of rdus growth is certainly due to their tech friendly policies .
without being a location desirable to tech industry people .
to draw those employers cos has to be desirable to the employees .
when do you want me to go to bed ?
if your uni has a writing center they often can come in with a planned lesson .
i 'd focus specifically on thesis supporting claims evidence and then especially analysis .
in the paper rubric make analysis/critical approach a significant part of the grade and then maybe provide some previous papers and point out where they are successful ?
the critical thinking struggle is the hardest to overcome though .
i taught at an american university in china for a few years and it was worse than pulling teeth .
some other quick thoughts scaffolded note taking so they are noticing and making connections with themes and ideas with your guidance as they read/discuss ?
cancel a class session and do 1 on 1 or 3 on 1 conferences focused specifically on their final papers ?
ok like i do n't care if a mag fed gun reload cancels but a belt fed should not be able to reload cancel after it 's belt has been removed cuz that 's a little bull shit
update your drivers if the option still doesnt appear here what i use .
https www.reddit.com/r/modernwarfare/comments/dvjlo3/improve\_lightning\_with\_nvidia\_gamefilter https www.reddit.com/r/modernwarfare/comments/dvjlo3/improve_lightning_with_nvidia_gamefilter hope i could help you sir
i think maybe he is trying to tell us something tbh lmaoo
it 's still in the upper 70s low 80s here .
i also totally agree it 's not all about joe and a lot are from her own personal experiences and observations of love as a whole .
follow your passions make lots of friends and be happy and that will attract women .
and your arm skin is really soft think baby soft .
just got ta say it do n't pitch one campaign to your players and then throw them into a totally different one .
would n't they rather you not run out and die ?
apparently it was rumored to be based on michael douglas movie 'falling down '
what moves should i be making as the playoffs approach ?
try and deal one of my te 's and if so which one would you rather have ros ?
should i be looking to move keenan as he 's been underperforming ?
plenty of people on guam switch th '' and d '' but the population is mostly pacific islanders and asians .
that 's how i found a dog 's owner .
one persons actions do not equal 25 of the entire populations .
yeah i wonder if when they calculate this if they are going on a non runner or somebody who is adapted to running for years .
maybe i 'm just unlucky and have a slow metabolism .
i 'd love to eat some of the diets i see on here but that 's a sure fire way for me to put on pounds in a hurry .
the runners world app shows i burn on average 160 cals a mile ... not buying it .
i 'd be shedding crazy weight if that was the case
you could always try microdosing magic mushrooms as well .
they are considered one of the safest drugs there is .
make sure you take a very low dose like .05 .1 grams to start as higher doses can cause anxiety .
i love having a full belt of those stacks .
a us-backed coup is something most of our politicians are cool with .
you may well be right about the taxes and fees at this point all i know is that at t says they will charge me 40.00 on the renewal date per my online account statement .
i 've seen the commentary about target refill cards elsewhere and saw them on sale the other day .
if i end up getting charged extra beyond 40.00 i 'll certainly repost here .
thanks guy my girlfriend thinks im crazy laughing so hard at this
i do n't doubt that but i think it 's more than a little bit shortsighted to take your experience and conclude that unions themselves are bad and should be abolished just because you happen to be a member of a bad one .
also that does n't negate the fact that capitalism is a system of exploitation and you are either being exploited or exploiting others or both !
unions certainly are n't perfect and many of them can have a negative impact but under the current system we as a society are far better off with them than without .
changing your monitor resolution wont affect any fps on xbox .
i actually think old ryze was easier to play .
i found it extremely hard to execute someone with low health because the removal of w root .
your current ewq does n't do as much damage and weq is not reliable since you can miss your q .
the new ryze is also way stronger late game imo .
he has better scaling on empowered q and it 's much easier now to spread your e and deal a ton of damage to the entire team .
we had one of these fans in my grandparents basement and one of my cousins yeeted a heavy pillow at it .
uh would n't you be mad after you wasted 60 on a game that 's literally broke and ca n't play ?
you feel brave enough there are videos on youtube about breaking the machine down and replacing any parts then learning about what noises mean and what would needed to be replaced .
that said i 'd fold a strip of scrap run it through it 's paces wide zig check width of a zigzag stitch again man i bet there are videos for that too .
i did buy my machine used replaced s belt and this foot thingy made of rubber by a motor .
learned a good test stitch that helps me understand oh i need to go wider and slower to get through this stuff .
i did edibles a few days ago because i was drunk at a birthday party .
luckily i did n't have an episode but i was pretty damn close .
if you feel like your high after sleeping that 's not weed that psychosis .
i have a french bulldog and now want that sweater for her .
though i do n't think she 'll give as adorable of a smile as your dog is giving .
i remember seeing on australian tv years ago during the gaza pull out an interview with a settler family they were not orthodox and readily admitted they were living there because the government gave them a nice home right on the mediterranean .
ghideaza-te si tu dupa viteza scriere cat mai mare .
i 'm just glad that she 's not getting a lot done ✅ was that i wan na go well for the first match of her year she has been so far gone straight away she is a very big stress free she has turned out so well i got ta is her about it she will get the tickets 🎫 i like to see the new one ☝️ i love 💔 i 'm going out of the blue house 🏡 i
actually that 's the part i do n't get as well .
why would you vandalise the train stations and flood it with water among other things ?
i have n't run out yet but from 40 unicorn hair i 've gone down to 10 .
so good for you if you 're not running low but other people may have different experiences .
ww2 was atrocious at launch with a myriad of issues .
tons of people quit the game and the playerbase suffered .
several months into the games life cycle the lead dev left/got fired .
the game improved immensely shortly after but by that time the damage was already done and most people did n't give it a second chance .
that 's because they have ordnung and do n't litter .
that 's one of the harder ones to figure out .
it 's got to be about choosing something you ca n't normally choose .
guys i enjoy the irony of it '' sure kap
i know that picture does n't show it but i was exhausted post race hitting just below 6 minute miles with her !
thing is we finished and she immediately wanted water and a banana from the finish snack table then went sniffing out the treats !
took me a short time to figure out the colouring is fucking shit and whoever did it should be ashamed .
if i m not mistaken its the free ones from cartographyassets.com
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
i agree wands have supportive role for spells rather than being a requirement for spells .
but is it worth it to alt craft blue items just to get my resistances ?
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
as previous poster said these apps may not be correct ?
you could check yourself be leaving phone in the state and checking .
also stuff like facebook etc can be aggressive on battery power as a tough guide look what apps have been using data have you actively used those apps ?
if not they are consuming power and using data prob updating in the background .
that 's actually one of the most basic evolutionary traits we developed .
lmao if the package reached you it 's safe to assume you 'll get away with opening it .
yeah it is due to monitor 's pixels etc but i 've never thougt you could somehow fix it .
same people who look for toilet paper in their pencil case
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
well it 's not exactly like brexiteers are willing to listen to the warnings of relevent experts ...
this is not sudden.. though it did make my day 😆😁
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
very interesting and well done reddit for allowing them .
although i 'm guessing they do increase the amount of trolling concern trolling astroturfing etc .
we loved your submission ha but it has been removed because we no longer allow such short titles .
we want a little bit more hopefully with some context .
this makes using the search function much more effective .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
rule vii you metabaited with the door open and the mods found the karma sock .
if you have any questions you can message the mod team here https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes replies to this removal comment may not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
a cursed comment is any comment that strikes the reader into oblivion .
upon seeing a cursed comment your first reaction should be among the lines of what the f k did i just read ?
? while leaving you speechless at the same time .
incomprehension of the comment just read or the blatant gruesomeness of it should be enough to not only make you feel mystified but also to draw a smile on your face .
your comment in your post does not reflect that .
if you feel that your post was removed in error or are unsure about why this post was removed then please contact us through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcursedcomments .
islam believes in an entirely different doctrine and does not believe jesus was the son of god .
muhammad was his only true prophet after moses and everything outside of the book of genesis is wrong and not the word of god .
this is why islam is a separate religion same of jewish .
all three believe in the same god only one accepts christ of the son .
if you 're looking for self defense classes like the other commentor said make sure to check out krav maga .
it was invented to be used by army and civilians during wwii and it also provides great trainings just for women
apart from that do you understand what the cso figures are and are n't
quick use your username to help me remember all this !
i had a buddy buy 4 of those pieces of shit because he thought they looked cool and felt good in his hand '' .
i guarantee you that lonzo did n't took it nearly as seriously as y'all are .
i have sleep apnea my brain trying to suffocate me every night for over 30 years .
at this point it should be outright banned from the sub .
he does n't even seem to realise that he literally stares at people
the fact that he refuses to believe his wife or anyone that tells him he 's obviously staring means that he just does n't care
the stromberg and the deluxo is a must get imo
no cop is going to clock your speed if you 're between 2 semis in the right lane and keeping with the flow of traffic .
absolutely.am terrible with rememering conversation probably because it 's a visual process .
i am quite good at spelling i tend to recite the spelling .
ca n't remember images but can remember mathematical equations and numbers .
admittedly i do n't watch many non-mainstream anime but i ca n't think of anyone in naruto or bleach who looks traditionally asian even if mangafied .
they might not all be white as your gf said though .
here go with a team focused on tanking and lowering enemy atk
well i 've been saying this since the third ep
been doing corporatey it stuff for over ten years .
the false urgency and people thinking trivial issues are a matter of life and death .
would love to do something else more physical and outdoors but nothing pays as well mortgage to pay mrs currently off work with a new baby so the grind goes on .
i 'm not sure if i stated my point clear enough .
im not saying that a zygote or a fetus in the first few days/weeks is a human life but even at the stage of fertilization it is technically a life .
this is something nearly every single scientist agrees upon .
kitty is fed up with the fact that the peasants ca n't get dinner right .
guiseppe zanottis just another designer sneaker he does less loud than loubs but a great sneaker .
actually she assured me that the tsh was not the cause of the miscarriage and that she was glad that it was on the low side and not high .
mine was 0.09 before transfer but has increased to 0.25 which is still low but not nearly as bad .
she thinks mine dropped so much as a result of all of the ivf meds .
the car in the background is the hover craft from logan 's run '' the tv series .
some nice ones today a nice relaxing evening fishing ahead of me d
though that 's honestly most game review sites/outlets anyways .
i somehow get more substance of a review from a youtuber than a person with a professional background as a reviewer .
if scythe is the game for you more power to you !
someone let me know if they tear down mcbryde so i can dance on the ruins .
maybe set it on fire so i can piss on it .
for some reason i thought they accused u of hacks cause your clip was insane man
i went to a physics conference and an old man sat behind me absolutely bathing in givenchy pi which i have a vintage bottle of .
it 's one of my all time favorite male scents and i was dating a bad person who wore it often .
now whenever i smell pi it makes me gag a little ...
i still have a huge full bottle of it .
i highly doubt he 's looking for an affair .
his husband will be there along with all of the other spouses .
poshmark may be a valid option you can put offers in and shipping is always like 7 dollars
i think a lot of people aspire to move or change jobs but fear and money weigh in as a huge factor so it remains a daydream for majority of the population .
was just looking at these yesterday but figured it was out of my budget build .
r/gundeals pulling through yet again to both save me money and ruin my bank account .
any time i spend a few hundred bucks on electronics or a couple grand on a big trip there 's always an inkling of regret like did i really need this ?
but since i 'm time building for commercial i 'll spend 200-500 dollars every few days on average and it does n't even phase me .
those in the us that have good vacation healthcare and salary are comfortable .
those that do n't have it are insecure and do n't have the privilege to fight for it .
in those countries mentioned they both have the time and a reason like being poor or having rights taken away .
also those numbers are total pto vacation and holiday .
you know how hard featuring ludacris had to work to make that turkey for the family ?
i saw that some people have made mods to spot which ones are crashing the game and acting dysfunctional .
do you think those would work for this problem ?
check out rinmaru games and her character creation games .
but they are also fairly cartoony so i 'm not sure if it 's what you 're looking for .
no because support animals are on leashes so they can properly help their masters .
like seriously they can land money without income verification .
not only protecting but sunlight will take away most of the reason for getting an oled which is for black levels .
if i could n't control the light in my living room i would 've picked up a sammy qled or vizio quantum .
but i can control light and got the lg c9 and absolutely love the black levels .
i want him to be a bit more agressive looking for his own shot .
i 'm kind of getting tired of these middle aged white guys with shaved heads making the rest of us look bad .
if you think reaching towards a gun is n't attempting to take it and it is reasonable to do that then i do n't know what to say about it .
good luck surviving pray to god you do n't meet anyone with a gun in any place .
he did not die btw he was literally running fine took multiple people to stop him from running away from the ambulance .
i hope you manage to get it all figured out and hope you have a great time at your brother 's birthday !
there is so much to enjoy about your pussy .
it 's shape and color the way your large labia unfold to present that glorious hole .
the little trimmed hairs that look so neat stop your pubic mound which i would rub firmly whether fucking hard or licking you softly .
what 's bullshit is that moncada did n't get more than one vote not that he only got one from the sox write
i live in rome and and i know at least three zoos where i live in which animals are generally treated well and have a lot of space for themselves .
deep sigh of frustration he truly is the human equivalent of a dumpster fire .
i know you do n't feel like you are but you truly are an amazingly strong person .
it 's not about him at all and yet children always blame themselves .
it 's a hard day when you learn that your father is so self-absorbed he actually ca n't love anyone .
the only person he truly gives a shit about is himself .
i was an adult when i had that revelation .
i ca n't imagine how hard it must be to process at 9 ?
your explanation was the best you could give without it looking like you were poisoning '' your son against his father .
i know i 'd dearly love to tell the truth but you ca n't do that .
i 've had a similar dilemma with my son and my nfather
i know that you will in true british fashion keep calm and carry on '' as you have for many months already but please remember that you have internet strangers all around the world who are cheering for you and sending you all the hugs you can handle .
as long as the room is still in decent condition kids are all alive and unharmed and there 's still some of my snacks left i 'm content .
yea go back to early 1900s as an irishmen in america and you have a high likelihood of getting fucked up .
edit you 'd have to go back a little as well but add italians and catholics to the mix .
that 's like the third time i 've seen that sentiment .
tsar alexander ii was killed by multiple members of the narodnaya volya working together and had multiple unsuccessful attempts on his life before .
ghandi 's assassin nathuram godse also worked with a team of accomplices .
two including himself were executed and six sentenced to life in prison an additional two had been convicted but their sentences were overturned in appeals .
of the examples he mentioned only jfk is thought to be a 'lone wolf ' .
if spinel 's rejuvenator could slice his shield in half then the breaking point could definitely destroy it too
who knows but i really wish they would stop .
any time i go abroad i make a conscious effort to be a good guest while i am there .
more than once i have had to call out a fellow american for being shitty .
last minute decision on sitting juju for jd mckissic .
it looks like you 're trying to start a conversation but you have n't included much for users to respond to .
please make a new post and include your thoughts in the text portion of your post .
for example what did you like or dislike about the book ?
what did you think of the actions of the main character ?
please do n't add random stuff as it is just going to get your post removed again .
if you just want to ask a simple question please do so in our simple question thread posted tuesday and saturday .
recommendation/suggestion requests should be posted in r/suggestmeabook or in our weekly recommendation request thread which can be found on our front page just below the banner .
if you feel you have received this message in error click the link below to speak to a human .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/books if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
but crunchyroll have said they 'll be getting it .
unfortunately your submission has been removed from r/nottheonion because our rules do not allow
content that does n't have an oniony quality to it rule 2 .
your submission may be better suited for another subreddit instead .
for a full list of our submission rules please visit our wiki page http www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/expanded .
if you 're new to r/nottheonion you can check out nto101 an introduction to r/nottheonion https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 for more information on our rules and answers to frequently asked questions .
if you have any questions or concerns feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnottheonion .
please include the link to the post you want us to review .
this has occurred because your account has less than 500 karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cursedimages if you have any questions or concerns .
and when the marijuana burns we can take our turn singing those dirty rap songs
that bounce is still on the downside i guess ...
this is not true as a former mcdonald 's employee i can say for sure those machines are just cheap pieces of shit that just stop working all the time .
i was debating between micro and argus and my dumb fucking ass bought the argus ... biggest mistake .
hopefully it 's not nerfed when i open it in 25 days .
so i 'm actually high right now guys wan na smoke a blunt with me ?
lol although i think this would be more like a death sentence than anything ... either that or bring up something about trump that puts any sort of bad light on him haha
this is the most beautiful nsfw amanda art i 've ever seen i love it .
is n't that the cost for a typical single character unit ?
when the government wants our its money they will just automatically deduct it from the pay period following when they notice .
so if they ever notice one of your paychecks is going to have a 1,300 deduction or sizeable chunks missing .
if you want to put it into a savings account that 's on you .
the kid is lucky he did n't get a beat down like that recent mcd incident where a customer jumped the counter .
restock world is no different than any other cook group .
if you cant cop on a restock dont be dumb and pay 1k for a group who resells bc of their public twitter monitors
if i 'd had known being a cop would make crime pay i would 've been a cop rather than a criminal .
usually a tote bag stationary and coupons for free food .
do your parents have higher expectations for you do to well in school ?
this is why top quality cooks select and grind their meat fresh .
only order your burgers with pink if you are sure they grind it in house .
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=duolingo employees of reddit were the duolingo memes ever annoying to you in any way ? without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
at the beginning of the season i would 've said hell no to melo .
but at this point i 'll take whatever we can get .
fact through the wonder of the internet we arrived at 🦏 scat via a boomer w a collapsible seat .
does it count if majority of the comments are from the bot ?
minnesota is my second favorite b1g ten team due to fleck .
also my nickname is pj so i got ta stand up for my fellow pj bros .
gal said that bout my freinds nut turned into an aoe kick
he was in retirement i think maybe it was pacino before this movie .
he read the script and said he needed in .
hey guys i 've been trying to find this one hentai clip for over years and years since i watched it .
here 's some details for you guys to help me figure it out .
young male travels to go see this friend of his girl and while using the train or bus forgot there 's this stage where all the guys are gathered around watching this porn star or girl gets fucked and she decides to choose the guy and next thing they 're fucking on stage and he gives her a good fuck .
he finally reaches his destination to hang and sleep over his friends house .
the girl he is sleeping over with are n't having any relationship whatsoever .
he starts to get to know all of them and then the youngest sister is doing a school project of a volcano and he helps her .
she somehow starts sucking his dick and he 's explaining that his dick is also like a volcano eruption cums the other younger sister walks in and gets jealous and wants to fuck .
at the end i believe the old sister which is his friend finds out and freaks out .
but by the time you know it the girl he fucked on the stage comes back for him and escorts him out .
he played good against the celtics last season in the playoffs .
everyone fell apart in the ecf.. he is just the scapegoat imo
uuh i dont remember the last time i came p soo at least 3 months probably .
big dogs that wo n't try to disembowel me .
no do n't fucking drive when you 're extremely tired period .
you would not talk such kind of bullshit if you 'd lose someone you deeply love to a fucking tired driver who fell asleep while driving .
so that 's what happened to the justice after afro samurai killed him .
i have a copper grill that i would be willing to sell you located in eu .
well ... thats another way to make this country worse .
again science fact takes a backseat to religious fiction .
if these fucks in edmonton get tacos im performing the black sacrament
or if they think cardi b is a good singer .
he 's actually hanging in there and employed right ?
he makes money pays his bills lives life to the best of his ability ?
that does n't sound all that sad or a waste to me .
i 'm guessing you have n't found the solution to quantum-gravity or dark-matter either right ?
fuck that u either know it or do n't know it there is no bible bullshittin it through cuz u want a point for it to pass which understandably is the sentiment .
i must 've tried this a while ago with the d2x installer but to no success .
or restore the non trucha version of ios 80 ?
i usually manually select ios 249 to load games because it 's the one that works p the auto select ios function in wiiflow does n't work very well for the more mainstream games perhaps due to system requirements ?
the pesticides that they are genetically engineered to resist ?
unfortunately your submission has been removed due to the use of keanu '' in the title .
resubmitting a removed post without prior moderator approval can result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd like to steal a kiss from your pussy .
taylor did try to sue kim but did n't really have a case because the call was recorded in a state where it was legal to do so .
i guess i do n't think 2 of the 3 subclasses for artificer and the 4 races 3 goblinoids orc are enough of a reason for a player to buy rising if they 've already bought wayfinder 's .
do we know if the goblinoids goblins hobgoblins bugbears are just reprints from volo 's ?
it looks like one of the exclusive series limited edition turbo s models based on that back wheel
same way a defensive player ca n't knock the ball out offensive players have to wait for the ball to come off the rim for a tip or putback
should we stop publishing books written by authors who have died too ?
unrelated to your answer but your flair makes no sense .
everyone is obviously a poster here otherwise there would be no flair to display ... ?
i 'm pretty sure you just need to sleep with an onion next to your bed .
or vaseline on your feet with socks on ... .
triple nitro sour cask aged ipa at sauvie island melo .
i like you what else is fun in your book ?
assad is a piece of shit but being one of the worst '' ?
eh after playing some more it seems like it did n't do anything .
yes because you should never let public opinion stand in the way of a good profit on military hardware .
hate to break it to you but people have done this already .
msg looks so much better than any other arena on tv too
he played at crssd in september and it was pleasantly pretty good .
yeah i thought she called him ‘dad ' to make fun of his age and his behavior like when i tease my friends for telling me what to do by calling them ‘mom ' .
but it could also be really subtle and clever foreshadowing .
35,000 tracks over 2,600 albums in flac format 1.5 tb .
most are ripped from cds about 2,000 discs some ripped from other media and more recently purchased from band camp or record labels .
all genres mostly spanning from the 1940s to today .
there are certainly tracks i 'll never listen to again but i 'm in denial .
if you want to call them overrated be my guest but that 's kawhi and paul george .
i 'm just waiting until playoffs so the clips can make lakers fans cry around the world just like game 1
describe the early days of league of legends and now the modern days too oddly .
nothing odd about it at all it 's almost inevitable ... so long as a code base lives it 'll keep recurring .
i actually see it as a fundamental truth even the most spectacularly maintained car will eventually cost more to keep running than replace and modern society will collapse if it 's not drastically repaired or rebuilt not just on a legal or government level but it applies on a cultural level as well .
code just does n't experience time like we do time for it only moves forward when we change/fix things ... although it still becomes un-runnable on new/updated machines if it 's left abandoned
pls sub trying to get to 400 b4 thanksgiving❤️ sub4sub like4like comment4comment share4share view4view pls help me try to watch full video if you can but if not 30 to 1-2 mins is fine so yt wo n't delete tmr pls like and sub also if you could like my last few videos it would be greatly appreciated also i need watch time so please please watch the whole video❤️❤️🥺
to me henry is more like james charles but asian no offends
i personally have such a hard time not being held but i know the right woman will hold me as much as she can ! ! !
and yours will do the same for you ! !
brown will be a terrific receiver again..of orders at mcdonalds
this submission has been removed as your elaboration was less than 160 characters roughly two or three standard sized sentences .
if you wish to resubmit the post make sure you include an elaboration/explanation to your post that is has more content .
please read rule 1 correct formatting and rule 6 elaborate and the rest of them while you 're at it .
note that reddit 's character count is unreliable as they count spaces whereas i 'm programmed to not count spaces and there 's nothing the mods can do about it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
it feels like he 's caught more passes than he has carries
i like that you have more time on fe3h than zelda same !
except my hours are like 80 and maaaybe 15 ?
that sounds way too epic and polite to be anything but staged .
i do n't care how to sugarcoat it time travel seems lazy as fuck and not what i expected from a 7 year buildup .
replay shows myles garrett coming in with a cheap late hit and throwing rudolph down to the ground for no reason
since it 's logged in via microsoft online no .
i 'm literally just talking shit because it obviously bothers you .
i know ray lewis did n't kill a guy ...
those runs are cool the psu i/o is cool ! and i 'll admit i was out of the loop on how popular the o11 is until i started visiting this sub daily .
it and the xl are great cases even if it is the in vogue right now .
according to this video 9 on the list of ways to fail badly at micro services is to share one large database .
i mean most of what muhammad do that is considered good is mostly a common good thing .
most people just do good thing out of their morality .
instead muslims put him on a pedestal like he s the only one who is capable of such good thing
i usually prefer single coil neck pup but there 's plenty of room in my heart for humbuckers too .
benefit of the doubt is only extended to people who have n't squandered away their credibility .
i 'm just jealous i 'm not playing with it !
the idea sounds epic but this sounds like stale goldfish crackers
i mean it 's like any other dating app just less gross dudes .
just looks like he tripped over him after the hit in a picture someone else replied to you with .
hey as long as you 'd keep the kitchen clean and have proper post sex sandwiches on standby
if that 's the case then i believe garrett can make a self-defense claim with rudolph going at him first .
point is this is football and a completely different context .
how are guys in baseball allowed to throw 90 mph pitches at dudes and get away with it ?
saw an old dude in the store saying bless you to a guy who sneezed .
and then he instantly went on to say oh wait .
we ca n't say that anymore or people are gon na get hurt by it .
he was really trying to make himself sound like a victim
lmk if you ever want one from the 204 .
had to do a whole presentation about displays in my school .
50/50 ccv with 5 total weight coffee grounds about 20g and 5 plaster of paris .
u/strainedsky please reply to the comment above this to confirm with your trade partner .
this comment has been around for more than 3 days without a response .
the bot will still track this comment but it will only check it once a day .
this means that if your trade partner replies to your comment it will take up to 24 hours before your comment is confirmed .
please wait that long before messaging the mods for help .
if you are getting this message but your partner has already confirmed please message the mods for assistance .
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that any unserious content in this thread will be met with infraction point s https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_point_system.3a .
if your comment does not contribute to the discussion in a serious manner it will be removed .
please report any comments that do not respect this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
if only there were some way to gauge the consensus opinions of the community at any given time .
no they hold no moral financial value and are n't being taken away from people .
if it 's the idea of being a veteran player then just give those players a free trinket to mark them as veterans even a badge like prestige markers would do the trick
he is the most useful level 1 emoji ... thought that would n't be the case but i was wrong .
question is he the only one who automatically powers up ?
nope it was a truck hitting everything in it 's path .
haha scizor is a memer do n't take it too seriously .
it is not about feature removal but remake in new engine .
if you want chance for team battle to be back in future update or tekken 8 it would not be stupid to buy tekken 7 to enjoy online play and support developers since they deliver new content they proved they are not wasting the money .
you just need to switch to google messages and be patient .
the constitution specifies treason and bribery along with other high crimes and misdemeanors .
the democrats are building an air tight case for bribery .
quid pro quo was a red herring i 'm starting to believe speaker pelosi will go down in history as the woman who saved the republic .
sure i wanted her to impeach for the russia collusion/treason/contacts what will history call it ?
but apparently mueller himself could n't get there in the end .
he could n't clear the president but he could n't tie trump to a specific crime .
if mueller was skittish with nothing to lose and speaker pelosi had the same information she made the right fucking call to not undergo the circus and blow the impeachment wad early .
seeing him testify this summer revealed him to not be the knight in shining justice armor we 'd hoped .
now with a whistleblower and dozens of witnesses to corroborate the allegations and republicans more and more cornered each day and the media finally backing away from/pausing on the punditry and false equivalencies we might have a chance to see the constitution itself take down the most corrupt president in american history .
the republicans will hide behind the self-fulfilling prophecy of but they 'll never convict in the senate for as long as we allow them .
as witnesses with no partisan agenda continue to build the case and the republican defenses get sadder and more tenuous it will finally be impossible to suspend disbelief .
we can not make their arguments for them repeat their lies and excuses suffer these fools .
their party like the confederacy can not must not be saved .
playing dalton prout is going to cost the team at some point .
does not look good at all out there giving polak vibes .
i need to stop being a pussy and buy the ultimate city hunter before it gets ridiculously expensive
as others have said you might be lost as far as the story goes if you start with it but there 's another reason you might want to start with the older games too .
the gameplay evolves with each entry in the series and if you start out with the modern gameplay accoutrements that ground zeroes/mgs v give you it might spoil the rest of the series for you .
i just finished my first replay of mgs 2 in a decade or longer and it took me a good long while to readjust to the clunkier controls and mechanics of that game compared to the almost limitless options the newer games give you .
mgs 1 2 have fixed cameras that hinder your line of sight which makes sneaking somewhat harder but they do give you the benefit of a map that shows you where enemies are and what they can see .
mgs 2 introduces first person shooting and hiding bodies .
mgs 3 introduces camouflage and some survival mechanics and the rerelease subsistence gives you a much needed free-moving camera that benefits the forest setting of the game .
mgs 4 largely builds off of the gameplay of 3 but streamlines the camo boosts enemy ai as every sequel does and gives some nice tweaks to your movement .
peace walker gets rid of camo adds base management and further changes the movement set .
ground zeroes/mgs v really is the culmination of the series from a gameplay standpoint and the other games will feel a little clunkier compared to them especially if that 's what you 're used to .
at least get a seat or skoda if you wan na stay vag ... geez ...
name a story written in the past 10 years where this has happened .
most scenarios it happens in are sequels to relics of the past .
mario and zelda are both following an old plot .
find an original story that 's come out in the last 10 years where this has happened .
i kind of figured we would hit our caps on either the ppo or hdhp+hsa if my wife does get pregnant 6k for either one .
if that is the case then my reasoning is that the hdhp+hsa is 3,000 plus the tax advantages on the 7,100 .
the case of pregnancy without birth might flip things because of the deductibles .
i have had genital swab and vaginal cultures sent to a lab over 4 times and it comes back as normal vaginal flora .
it started after i used a certain brand of condoms but it never went away and i 've had it for going on 11 months now .
sometimes the swabs came as yeast so i go on fluconazole same symptoms get swabbed no yeast and normal flora .
my doctors cant diagnose me believe me i 've been tested for everything in that region .
i was using trojans before with 1 partner and had no irritation until i used skyn and then this never changed .
also one doctor told me to try penicillin but that made me wayy worse so definitely not that .
i was on minocycline for my acne already but even when i stopped and took probiotics no improvement
your parent 's live in the usa and enjoy that countries freedoms they would n't have in china yet support the ccp and authoritarianism ?
just to screw with them tell them you want to go live in china with them because you prefer the ccp and see how they react .
it might be the kick in the pants they need to have an epiphany and change their minds and if they do n't but refuse and react like like the terrible idea it is call them out on it .
i could do it blindfolded like i did n't have to look at my phone while typing bc you know right where the keys are .
i know this is whoever the fuck from sao but i ca n't help to think it looks like misato from evangelion
is it possible the shiny calculation still occurs and if triggered the resulting shiny is simply disabled ?
so you wo n't know how lucky you could have been .
a lot of guys just have really bad personalities or just are incompatible so maybe that 's your problem
sry i do n't know if desktop has any difference with laptop but i was referring to laptop
have always thought how awesome it would be to be able to work with these cars as a job .
was never sure how to get a foot in the door though .
the details of my life are quite inconsequential ... very well where do i begin ?
my father was a relentlessly self-improving boulangerie owner from belgium with low grade narcolepsy and a penchant for buggery .
my mother was a fifteen year old french prostitute named chloe with webbed feet .
he would make outrageous claims like he invented the question mark .
the sort of general malaise that only the genius possess and the insane lament .
when i was insolent i was placed in a burlap bag and beaten with reeds pretty standard really .
at the age of twelve i received my first scribe .
at the age of fourteen a zoroastrian named vilma ritualistically shaved my testicles .
there really is nothing like a shorn scrotum ... it 's breathtaking i highly suggest you try it .
got ta say a nice inner bicep tattoo or inner forearm would look awesome and probably lessen the immature title
when i used to use dating sites i remember some women did like my personality but in person i was very disappointing with my autism related social awkwardness combined with my boring hobbies causing me to get rejected every single time .
when you are really down you wish you could hang out with a friend but i do n't remember what having an in person friend was like because it 's been so long since i had one .
bruh you clearly have never had neither of these things
if it makes you feel any better the phenomenon is also spreading into regular secular jobs as well .
woman from all sectors of work are starting to feel the strain of being treated different .
must be nice having my biggest issue being some fucking lumber .
mason is an unassuming white man he did nothing wrong here
now i know why they call it an octopus it 's head looks like a clit
inventory everything there 's barcode scanning software which will make this easier and then see if i could sell most or all of them in bulk .
i found some on amazon but they require a neutral .
also i found a thread on the smart things forums where the founder addressed the out of stock issue very vaguely .
i went a head and sent an email will let you know if i find anything else .
i need to run wires for my projector in the living room so may end up just running neutral wires while i 'm up in the attic .
it isnt even the trans people doing the flooding .
it is the woke and pc and sjw types .
kinda funny as many ca n't wear their ring on the job due to the dangers posed
looks like you 're trying to submit a direct link-type post you ca n't do that here so this submission has been removed .
and pasting the links to your pictures in the text box .
the reason why we did n't block link submissions outright is because mobile clients do n't respect this they show the post a link '' interface regardless of subreddit settings and so if we block them we get tons of modmails from people asking why their blocked link post did n't go through .
this way people redditing from a phone at least get a warning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amiugly if you have any questions or concerns .
no problems so far really like it but here are some things that are not that good
should i pick up leather belts if i already got one because ilvl is higher ?
why cant we sacrifice more often my inventory is always full ?
i had a shrine where i could make items to rare yellow some times only blue .
how much life should i pick on passive tree d ?
are the attack speed nodes on tree with the knife-icons also working for bows ?
why is there so much side area content to left and right with low level ?
whats purpose doing l6 maps at a level 15 char ?
please add some ambient background music only hearing weapons attack gets boring after some time
i really like the game but i currently dont wan na play because the sacrificing thing is annoying
chang and ramee knew it was coming what you mean ?
i like the design of the model 3 's but not this one .
they tried too hard to mimic the mustang look .
regardless they only feel vacant because you 're used to grills for airflow .
now that those are n't necessary to cool the engine though some flow is still needed for battery cooling i believe they just do n't need that sort of thing on the front so can design for aerodynamics instead .
thank you for your submission but it has been removed due to lack of context .
please see rule 2 and repost with a url or a screenshot you can host it on imgur.com in your submission body so that the users can better know what you 're talking about and increase your chances for getting an answer .
feel free to repost once you find a url .
please remember to include the full url url shorteners do n't count .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/outoftheloop if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm sure the hundreds of slow scan television enthusiasts are very confused by us calling them scanlines .
widely known they make a famous sparkling wine the way that champagne does if you want to go that route and based in oregon .
if you want fruity get a friuli pinot grigio or new zealand sauvignon blanc .
for red get a willamette pinot noir from oregon .
all the above can be great for 20 and are not outlandish in price or too exotically flavoured .
always get a review on the specific bottle first be it online or store reccomendation .
feel free to pm me if you would like more specific answers .
if i remember correctly you 've said before that you were skeptical of dave rubin back in 2016 when he came on dp .
you knew long before the anyone else that he was a piece of shit .
how long after the injury would it take to get to cleveland clinic ?
for the sake of the argument let 's say everything is perfect .
i do n't think kane fits us as well as bobby either but he does press or has in the past under pochettino and one of his strengths is how well he drops deeper for his teammates you bring up the cl final spurs ' 2 best chances of the opening hour-plus came from him dropping deep .
i think it 's vastly exaggerated how much people think players can or ca n't play in our system '' especially when our system '' has at least partially developed out of the players we have .
again i would n't swap any of our front 3 for kane but in an alternate scenario where we had kane instead of firmino i think it 's ridiculous to act like klopp would n't be able to work with him .
might be cuz i 'm not trans so this confuses me when i see it .
like trans folk get mad that cis folk prefer cis but yet some trans ppl do n't want to date their own .
i think destiny 2 is in a great state right now lots of people are enjoying it through and through .
because for me getting cool loadouts is something i want to achieve right now the perk disruption break is in an interesting spot and i want to try it out .
i want to be able to try it out through deterministic farming not through rolling the dice .
i tried most if not everything this season has to offer but as long as this game does n't give me the ability to target farm meaningful gear it does n't keep my attention .
i would literally grind for hours if i could get a 100 chance to get a certain archetype rampage handcannon which would cost me 500 rampage components .
if you scroll down you will eventually see the part about vitalik he used kleros as an example .
first time i heard of pineapple on al pastor was on reddit .
to be perfectly hontest i also happen to have some incriminating video evidence of you doing naughty stuff in front of your computer .
at this point i just straight up do everything i can to avoid them and i 'm not sure i 'd even bother calling them in an actual emergency anymore .
and sure you can say the news makes this stuff seem more common ... but the problem is the lack of accountability not the prevalence and i 've seen stories like this even in my own city .
i mean it 'd have to be balanced obviously if i build a siege tank it ca n't be sgt hammer levels of damage but i 'd want it to be catapult levels of damage like the braxxis siege tanks .
the balance factor would be that i can only have like two supply depots command centers would n't give me supply .
which means like one battlecruiser and like 2 marines .
for guides about sw you could have a look here
both have lots of explanations about what to do how and where your money actually comes from .
one reason for your less-than-stated income could be that part of the income comes from the bandit chests and how much you get from them depends on your magic find .
you being still a new player likely do not have a high magic find .
this will come with time but a few things you can do to already improve now include
boosters if you have them and want to use them towards this although i 'd argue that there are better uses for most of those
banners use them they are likely already placed by someone in your squad
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
one will click clack others and one will click clack themselves
i really understand what you are going through but once you make the first step away from the organization you will feel like breathing for the first time in your life !
i have a really unstable super believing mother and i 'm scared as hell to tell her that i 'm out thankfully we live in different countries so i have been going to therapy for the past few months .
you will see that you have the power to stand on your feet you just do n't know it yet !
i wish you the best and keep making research !
learning the truth about the truth '' is so liberating !
i did and my husband did and we are in our mid 30s ...
if your on pc i paid 15 and signed up with origin acesss .
so the nfl is a private corporation compromising of 31 individually owned businesses and 1 publically owned business the green6 bay packers are publically owned and stock traded .
the nfl pulls most of its player from college level athletes .
less than 1 of players can be pulled from either the candian league indoor football or open tryouts .
once a player leaves college and enters into the nfl they become a marketable asset and their image and likeness can be sold for profit .
what else do you want to know about the nfl ... specifically .
clearly it shows asians are priviledge and hispanic are discriminated .
blacks are not discriminated and whites are not priviledged .
and all that even considering that blacks and hispanic get a lots of enrollment why asians have to hold higher standards than any other race .
why in times so pc the difference is getting higher and higher ?
they rather pay 25 more to white than have it in their own pocket ?
do you really believe if you would take one company it would pay 25 less black person for same work than sitting next to it and doing same white one ?
even more it would be better to prioritize hiring black over white .
im from eu so i cant tell how exactly law in us works but i can guarantee you that in eu employer doing it would be fucked over .
kff on coverage iffy for me since systems are so different between that and where i live .
but i can tell you that any insurance payments are based on how likely you are to actually use it .
but if poc are less likely to be insured isnt it because they chose not to ?
and again it shows that hispanic are in bad spot not blacks .
bls 3 on white 5 on black 3.5 on hispanic and 2.5 on asian .
so despite hispanics being fucked over other things much more than blacks they are more often to be employed ?
so how come hispanic that are worse in case of educational attainment and health insurence can find jobs at same rates as white and asians and black cant ?
if almost twice as many black people have no job twice as many should leave in poverty .
interesting is fact that hispanic while having jobs have high rates of poverty meaning that hispanics are most likely to take worst payed jobs .
hispanic races have it bad in usa not blacks .
this situation is completely fucked i ca n't believe people are still willing to believe this reality where latin america constantly getting fucked with and manipulated by the us ... .this is a transparent coup for fucks sake
i can find someone who would be glad to show you around town .
the free stuff is usually the weapon/armour/pip-boy skins though they 'll occasionally throw in something more substantial for special occasions .
usually it 's matching weapon and armour skins or a power armour and pip-boy skin .
from what i 've seen they tend to rotate out from a selection of skins each week not all of them have been included yet .
currently no way to get notified of any new freebies short of coming to this forum on thursdays and checking for a thread like this which is a bummer .
so in recluse 's case that 'd mean everything would need a 0.4ttk in their effective range ?
you ca n't increase everything to god tier because pve would become even easier than it is already .
it seems like recluse will still be fine after the nerf .
svaka jača franšiza ima svoju verziju star wars barem 3 .
trebat će vam da krenete ali ima nevjerojatmo puno materijala za samo krenuti .
dice roll aplikacije su za đ nabavite premade avanture i rokajte .
ima svega od klasičnih avantura do ulazimo u dimenziju boga droge i seksa '' .
the gunshop tuco stole a gun from in the good the bad the ugly .
all right with everything everywhere and the goods in the middle and the back is a shooting gallery .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with higher '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
please do not message us about this we will probably mute you and move on with our day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
use the student loan money to invest in something i knew would be profitable .
just not sure what my degree would be in .
he does n't even bother to play for jharkhand in sma trophy .
i am not sure if you bought the acne dots for personal use or gifting but you can get the same item from a different company for way cheaper just to let you know !
just look on amazon corsx has 4-24 pack for 15 dollars .
there are also lots of other brands and i have tried various brands so i can say usually they all work the same
could be a daily payment up until the judgement is uphold and the uk nominate someone so regardless of the daily amount it could end up being a bit significant .
but yes if not it could be easier for a government to oppose it .
issue is this is crucial for the inner-working of the eu so they would likely go hard on this one .
be it the fine or just refuse next extension to kick out the uk and be able to work .
do n't agree with 99 's behavior but rudolph started it .
not sure what he expected jostling with the facemask of the guy who tackled him appropriately .
yang wans are waking up and watchtower is n't happy .
also it 's getting increasingly difficult to convert adults because most people will go to the internet first as they study with dubs ...
so they are desperate to cling to the kids and get them baptized fast
i think lately gw has been ramping up their rate of change .
now that 's a name i have n't heard in a loooong time and thank god for that
i 'm too poor to be an idiot just might be my new life motto
new r/neoliberal/new a kalmyk khurul community hall used by the kalmyk people for their tibetan buddhist religion .
image taken pre-1917 destroyed in 1925 by the soviets .
of the 175 buddhist temples registered in the russian empire in 1917 all were destroyed by 1940 .
replies to this comment will be removed please participate in the linked thread
i had seen someone reply to this question somewhere .
basically the farm animals have a rather short lifespan and are kept in poor condition .
so most of them would die within the first few years .
and if you stop forced breeding the number will decrease quite rapidly to a normal natural amount if the species farmed actually are fit for a natural habitat not always the case .
also they have not developed protection reflexes and strategies against their natural predators .
to sum up this would n't be the biggest of issues .
you can really get any face shape with any horn type if you change the right features .
jaw nose mouth and eye shape can all be used to make the other face shapes .
yo if you smoke blunts often check out r/blunts !
but your mother clearly has no respect for you are your relationship/friendship with others .
i have had the same issue with my mother .
i told her to either keep her opinions to herself or she would get blocked and never know what i 'm posting etc .
i use it to keep in contact with her too so that terrified her and no more comments .
you can respect the woman but you do n't have to allow her bad behaviour .
just like you can love someone but not like them at time 's .
from a quick google search to refresh my memory dr grordbort 's weapons are from a film named after him .
tf2 added a few weapons from the film to reference it .
some weapons are original ideas from the tf2 team like the phlog and cow mangler .
so yes the phlog is based off the rifle thing you see here .
epstein tried to commit suicide a few weeks before this .
what is n't mentioned is epstein claimed his injuries were due to being attacked by his cell mate not a suicide attempt .
his cell mate was a former dirty cop had been running drugs for a while murdered some innocent people he thought were drug rivals
actually i felt a lot more confident than the icnd1 even though there were definitely somethings i did n't study hard/were glossed over in the video lectures but were on the objectives and in boson .
yea i already got em yesterday on the snkrs app
it 's funny how you pointed out that such events took place in the history of venice when global warming was n't a thing however some folks still incline that the root cause of these floods is global warming .
hoping for weaker competition in lec will definitely not make you stronger internationally .
sorry i misread it because of that circumcision comment .
it 's only too sensitive if it actually hurts because it 's too much but like i said use the shower to get used to touching it
looks to me like he shot it on the other side of the defence ... maybe i 'm missing something
thank you thank you but you are definitely a light to the world as well .
thanks for cheering everybody on including me and dealing with my energy truly an amazing person keep up the awesome work man c
21m from france here mind if i sent you a pm ?
i bought it to have my own opinion instead of going off other people telling me what to think about the game .
i understand cutting pokemon from the dex since it needs to happen at some point .
i do n't like the no gts or xp share and i always disliked megas did n't finish s m so ca n't talk about zmoves or whatever they are .
i lost a lot of respect about them lying about animations/models etc but at the end of the day i 'm enjoying the game .
i hope they add voice lines in the next game though the chanting and sfx feel so out of place when noone 's talking
do you wan na come over for a beer next week ?
yeah i 'm glad she 's not on the playoff committee .
if you have never seen the band of brothers series hbo available on crave too you should .
it is absolutely my favourite war related thing ever made .
it 's a 10 part series all episodes are roughly an hour long .
i think i 've watched the whole thing maybe 20 times over the last decade or so .
wait so is viz a furry or not im so confused
nah sure you could have said something real quick and let them know but they also should understand that it was an important conversation so you might not have had the time to let them know anything .
just petty stuff but will add if they 're still mad about it now .
so when you see a burger a chick'n wrap mac and cheese curry tacos burritos or pizza on a menu you would n't eat any of that ?
this post i made https www.reddit.com/r/boxing/comments/cf4bqe/a_compilation_of_the_most_exciting_and ? utm_source=reddit utm_medium=usertext utm_name=boxing utm_content=t3_cf8t6q has pretty much every significant fight from the 1800s to now included with youtube links to watch them all..
mayweather fights are divided into good fights and historically significant fights or both g good fight h historically significant gh good fight historically significant .
insidious the conjuring but the best one in last couple of years has been the haunting of hill house series .
its really good and has some chilling moments that give you goosebumbs .
milo australia is best.. malaysia one is meh.. too much sugar
follow the great leader for he is about to feed us luxury food
i think the nostalgia made sense as meredith was one trial so of course they would mention her past and the flashbacks worked
it might be easier when the trigger is just a mouse button
that is why you use a different password per account .
if you use the same password and e-mail for every account you should be worried
i do n't understand why she feels the need to put her highlight on the apples of her cheeks !
yea well i guess they would need lights at night if they 're open ... or else things would get pretty awkward .
its hilarious that you get upvoted for saying what others have been saying and getting downvoted just because you prefaced with saying you 're not from the usa .
i agree with you this dude should be arrested for that shit .
you 're allowed to assault someone with a weapon just because it 's on the field ?
i see how that works take phone case off to remind myself that it 's fragile .
drop phone and damage it then remember that the case is in my other pocket .
in fairness you can hardly expect tories to know what it 's like in a train station in glasgow
ump is very lucky they still got the final wicket
cerave healing ointment is better than vaseline because it functions as both an occlusive and a moisturizer vaseline is only an occlusive .
that stuff changed my life when i was on isotretinoin ... i still use it .
reminds me of the iq tester machine which operates with a hundred bill .
yo if you smoke blunts often check out r/blunts !
ah thanks for the info this means that all the headsets get the new refresh rate then ?
but then i was n't sure and changed to to the other weird one i have
is the saying libright would let the rich create some kind of dystopia where they have all the resources and kill/starve us or is this saying that we are the rich ?
all posts must exhibit great execution quality craftsmanship is a must .
posts will be removed if they do not meet this standard .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/atbge if you have any questions .
this is the only thread i 've commented in other than when it originally came out but since you recognize me i 'd assume you 're a little more interested in this topic than me i am no superfan .
that is the cutest f'n thing i 've seen in ages .
i have hymenopus coronatus too and many life plants in it .
i 'm bit scared of the mesh being too hot since there 's light bulb above it .
i dont't know if i should make a hole inside the mesh and put the bulb inside it..
thank you sir just over the 48 hour mark .
falling asleep last night took me an extra half hour or so which is n't as bad as i thought it was .
your words are helping me to stay strong i appreciate it .
i sent out a gift box to my fiance and today..his own mum will also be receiving my gift of love . ''
i hope both mums appreciate our own little loving hands efforts .
another thing i noticed is that i feel a feeling like something is coming up ny throat sometimes at well .
it 's almost daily and almost like from nowhere .
it does n't feel acidic and my heart races whenever it happens .
it lasts about 30 seconds before it gets better again .
never gets into my mouth though feels more like i need to gag or dry heave or something .
it 's fine for home use especially with dd-wrt but god no i 'd never put it in a business .
inspired by the old monarchical flag of portugal blue and white and the flag of the second spanish republic red yellow purple
cause if not tell em that you will put 5 stars and put 1 .
i think the main reason the job is worth '' that much is for retention reasons .
apparently a lot of people go through the metro for all of their training work a few years then head off to the larger railways for a lot more money .
well we do our best when it comes to our child .
we actually limit his time he spends on his electronics .
he actually prefers to play outside more and read then play video games .
the interaction between baga and her mom was quite uncomfortable to watch .
i felt that deep as a gay man who has lots of problems with his family .
i wish they stopped pushing this narrative of drag queens having healthy '' relationships with their family .
what if a member of top 4/5 is let 's say disowned by family .
baga was depicted as a rude and ungrateful son in this episode and it is just wrong in so many levels .
we do n't know the story behind and it is none of our fucking business anyways .
we should focus on her art and not on her family relations .
i hope fans treat her good and do n't make the whole thing even more cringe than it already is .
i 've driven in australia america canada thailand and quite a bit of europe but surprisingly my award goes to the uk .
i 've looked but i ca n't find the cereal box which comes with a free drivers licence..
am i the only person who finds it odd that this game seemingly has no building elements ?
or point me to some gameplay i might have missed thanks .
every body over on r/reddeadmysteries trying to figure this one out the dude is just mentally ill
how can i switch off other players to only see my friends infos ?
i just do n't think it fits with this particular show .
my brother and dad are/were both gay my dad died by complications due to aids .
you can also get it if you follow the story during the second visit to kashyyyk i think
this is an amazing effort for 2 people especially since you and your friend had to buy 200gb of ram each to actually run android studio
you can add the new microsoft flight simulator trailer to that .
first day i book off every year is my birthday
oh no ... .i do n't have lexus lane money ... and last night it was so bad i was on walnut hill alllllll the way ...
agree especially you can get an item to choose which relic you really need .
unless those stem people '' study climate science or ecology or marine biology or any of the other myriad fields which are suffering due to climate change .
even if humanity has achieved some pretty cool things we are still majorly fucking up the planet and jeopardising our own existence and
the solution to climate change will not come from science alone or even just by getting the politicians to listen to the scientists '' although that is an important aspect of it .
while the creation and adoption of new technologies is important in combating climate change its equally important to encourage non-scientific methods of combating climate change for instance by giving people the opportunity to change their lifestyle in a more ecological way e.g .
by adopting vegetarianism/veganism or by forcing companies to adopt more environmentally-friendly methods of production e.g .
through carbon taxes or by forcing them to use more eco-friendly packaging .
every word of this is true but if i copy pasted it into r/gamecocks the whole sub would downvote it and attack me for being negative .
muschamp is a great guy and a good recruiter but he 's not a winner as a head coach .
you have n't accounted for the tmi or adjusted penis size .
if you use length x diameter weight girth angle of the tip you will notice that alot more people are over 8 inches
these old tiring ‘my dad didnt want a dog now look at him ' stories are turning me to stone
what if i take my bed outside put wheels on it and an engine underneath as well as a steering wheel ?
it is still my bed but now i can drive it .
i dont think they 've released an uncensored dub of dxd season 4 yet .
if they have then no one would be asking these questions right now .
the yang people are just getting worse at the spam .
now it 's warren has to replace every progressive idea of hers with regressive ideas of his that hurt the bottom of society to stop being divisive . ''
oh well it would have been great maybe broken .
nice features but does anyone ever put more than 200 towards their mb ?
now i 've got images of penske buying a car business in brixton like the guy who bought london bridge thinking it was tower bridge .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
or better yet ask directly and respect her preference .
your post has been removed as it violates our title rule .
your title can not contain the word s woooosh/whoosh/etc .
facepalm '' goldmine '' found this '' karma '' upvote '' interesting title '' fit here '' gem '' joke smh '' belongs here '' got one '' repost '' does/think this count s '' in the wild '' got him/gottem '' had to do it '' etc .
please make an effort with your title do not tell use where you found your woooosh™ !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/woooosh if you have any questions or concerns .
so does deploying at mine on the road ? ? ?
so what if it doesnt have skill '' its part of the game and its part of the team work .
worked nicely in pr im sure this game be just fine like i said its a powerful tool and only certain squads may have em and they can be dedicated for aa work .
this game you can have it like jets will ofc be expensive and the warheads are powerful but limited so you have to play smart and land your aircraft to refill ammo or even refuel
im not saying thats the only way to go against them its its one of many situations .
also no mate i want them in because i want a full combine arms experience not half assed project reality successor .
i swear this game is heading towards a more casual approach to what it should be .
i wont be surprised if they get rid of attack helis .
wp easy to learn but a dumpster fire when you need to code .
people for some reason ca n't be bothered to remember the words of their own elected officials not four years ago .
edit also i dont get bored of heimer is because the e w combo under turrets is too satisfying .
do n't get in a vehicle with a stranger .
you can rent from thrifty for 500 a month brand new van
i think it was fair to release a founder equivalent for a country it was not available for before .
i see the comments about no heater but if you still want one i 'm looking at the little buddy !
have seen it in store even cheaper 58 i think .
you 're more than welcome to give details on why these settings and this guide are trash .
well that 's exactly my point i 've raged more than once about poe rng for example and as someone mentioned above the resources could have been better placed to a mobile trading app that lots of ppl would find more useful .
but still you ca n't help but be amazed .
you ca n't take for granted what they 've been doing .
congrats on finally giving up a useless form of entertainment .
if you want traumatic brain injuries play tackle football without helmets .
do n't forget to say the pledge and sing the anthem between plays .
there are a few exceptions but as a new player you wo n't be able to fly any of these for a long time .
if our charitable capacity is n't enough to help them nor is our taxable capacity .
shimmy saturday post is up if you wanted to submit a video !
in endgame she literally destroyed thanos ' ship and prevented thanos from snapping before tony got the stones .
it 's more that its too little too late and all he did was join a caucus .
but i 'm happy the gop is considering more participation medals .
ea access and origin access premier are two completely different services .
i 'm not sure why everyone is stuck on it instead of pressuring them to focus more resources on a new gen with more new pokemon while also including the old pokemon .
there are so many people here who cry about all the half-gens and not taking a step forward but they are directly contributing to this whole fiasco by asking for remakes and half gens instead of sticking with a gen .
then you 'll need a healer belrain or ormus .
i recommend aida for first slot against sigmund in flame shrine and she can be used as a pve filler .
she wo n't be great caps out at 500m damage but she will do ok
it 's a small part of the story like 300 chapters in so likely not what you are looking for .
lol skip has a separate bedroom from his wife so she does n't bother him when sports are happening .
i 'm an american who loves the usa not a foreign national willfully undermining our government by breaking our laws and then crying racist when confronted about your crime .
cucks are the people who welcome illegal aliens and provide sanctuary for their criminality .
as for idiot i 've been schooling you for months on this sub .
forget silver and gold you 're icy now baby !
choice a is bad because we want to remove the dependent clause effect and but '' makes it into dependent clause .
choice b uses a semicolon which you cant use because it joins two independent clauses .
in this case you have 1 dependent and 1 independent clauses which does n't work .
choice d is wrong because the word while '' gives you another dependent clause which does not make sense .
i just do n't understand that when nothing happens and the only impactful moment is robbed by a sudden and hamfisted choice that made it feel fake and meaningless .
and when it 's just going through the motions covered by earlier games where the pacing is damaged by pointless and empty open areas .
honestly vortex is just way better especially with the charged version on attunement of chaos .
it 's a shame too because the scatter grenade is so cool .
the true reason they banned white bar memes is because they saw the controversy over rule 7 on r/dogelore and wanted to also receive death threats
sadly your post has been removed for the following reason s
find something else to post or do n't post it at all .
if you have any questions you can message the mod team through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/cursedcomments replies to this removal comment will not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
if jomboy retweets it then it is gospel truth .
the only thing good about this is the colour theme of their ide
as for a topic i wanted to see if you could add to one i had in mind the purpose of evil the existence of a omnimalevolent figure and the afterlife .
you do n't have to comment on each one but to me they seem connected .
i know you 're ex-catholic but maybe you could share some takes .
i did look into the most popular religions and the ones of the abrahamic variety were the most compelling .
i 'm more certain that one of the three are true than i am convinced christianity alone is true .
70/100 would be a good all-around number on a good day though 55/100 on a bad one .
while i found christianity to be the most convincing between the three they are similar in certain facets .
judaism and christianity are the two where i feel an actual discussion is to be had .
i simply do n't believe muhammad was a prophet .
as for the other two i particularly like christianity 's focus on the afterlife as a means to encourage the living .
it teaches that a relationship with god is necessary to lead to all that is good .
on the other hand a life lived on the opposite end of the spectrum eventually leads to eternal suffering .
it 's quite harsh at first thought and i found the idea of a near omnimalevolent figure satan being the source of all evil a tad questionable .
in an effort to promote nation building though judaism appears to teach that all will return to god at some point and that one should follow the judaeo teachings so that they may be blessed by god in the present .
i feel that this encourages more complacency than it does productivity and seems rather one-dimensional however .
there is no doubt that the threat of eternal suffering is frightening but with christianity 's emphasis on achieving salvation through god rather than the work one produces it 's difficult to say whether one religion is less productive than the other .
the encouragement of productivity in life is strangely important to me since that 's something i 've personally benefited from .
as for the omnimalevolent figure being the source of evil question it 's not as unbelievable as i once thought .
if an afterlife or other plane of existence is out there it 's absurd to think that only good could exist .
for there to be good even judaism makes a distinction between right and wrong there must be evil .
otherwise there would be no point to much of religion .
firs three servers are german or at least frankfurt based .
ah kos or some say kosm ... as you once did for the vacuous rom grant us eyes grant us eyes ... .
the best part is the bicyclist recognized that the cars were n't stopping and decided to just see how it would play out .
try local selling platforms or even facebook marketplace works great .
my wife got me one recently for around 900 .
cricket can not sustain 4 it barely manages 3 at the moment .
i 'm really not sure i want the hundred to revolutionise cricket .
i once let my autistic friend win when i played table football soccer with him because he hates losing .
i never told him i did it on purpose and even let him talk shit about me even though i know i could have won easy if i wanted to .
you seem to be under the impression that warcraft runs on the same puny humans '' premise of cthulu or warhammer .
just because we 're small and numerous does n't make us weak or helpless .
a single elf wizard solo 'd an incarnation of sargeras .
a pair of orcs with a grudge destroyed the demon that corrupted their race .
a bunch of angry men slaughtered a demigod of nature .
in warcraft armies of normal dudes '' get shit done .
i was wearing a shirt that says roger goodildo show us your vagina a few years ago when greeting these folks at the door .
as the man asked for one of my roommates i noticed the lady mouth what my shirt said ... they left fairly quick !
it is on single fire at medium range not at close range .
but i thought i say my piece before i do .
because you know people should be allowed to voice their opinions right ?
remember op is a real person who has taken a risk by posting photos of herself to the internet .
if in doubt ask yourself how would i feel if someone posted this comment about me ? ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/curvy if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's super easy if you take the round disc under the rubber out from the base and slip it into the bottom of the rubber piece before you push it back down .
i was nervous when i pulled my rubber piece out but i went to the local smoke shop and they showed me that trick .
i 'm not saying he 's obese just has some pudge on his gut and face .
it is phillip rivers motion ... go into edit player and it will probably say traditional 2 the game only has 10 throwing motions 3 slingers rodgers mayfield mahomes traditional brady rivers brees foles not sure and 2 generic which are slower .
i mean i agree it 's a vicious throw but surely i 'd rather have my head tucked than become a human pez machine .
i guess it just comes down to personal preference .
and yes i know that the point is finding something to karma farm off the new spongebob trailer
you are not out of line in dumping him at all .
i want to share what my experience in a similar situation ...
he lived with a bunch of guys and there was always a living room full of dudes .
most of my hobbies are also more commonly male-oriented .
when i first hung out with a 's friends they all included me in their conversation .
we got to know each other 's interests and they did n't treat me any differently than any other member of their group .
they were clearly happy to know how much we had in common and how i fit into the group so easily .
they all were excited to hear about my career in the vet field and tell me about their pets .
eventually i would live with many of these guys as the only woman in the house we got together .
a and i have since moved and settled down in our own place but i think of them as my friends not just my boyfriend 's friends .
they were one of the many things that made me feel a was the one '' .
when you start dating someone who their friends are is so so so important .
i changed my original comment to more accurately state what o meant
1 if you 're religious then it would probably be to serve your belief
2 if you 're the type to see it naturally it 's to survive and reproduce
i personally do n't think that there 's any meaning except for what you value most .
so i try to make my life as entertaining as possible
i was coming specifically to defend the honor of this video
yep it looks like that i have to mix hiit and crossfit workout to maxout cardio stamina i do apologize i am not english speaker .
yay if you have n't played the original trilogy .
i feel like i 'd use it more for that then anything .
i would like to have more solid structure here .
now it feels that it 's nice ideas slammed after one another .
i 'd maybe think how the song could evolve and build up tension .
tässä huomattakoon että verottaja käyttää ylllättävän harvoin oikeuttaa verottaa täysimääräisenä jos pääasiallisena tarkoituksena on ollut välttää veroja '' .
just some hypertrophy work but i got ta admit i have n't been too consistent with my biceps i hate curls lol .
so i 've been stuck at the same weight for ages
i think he 's just pointing out that it is in the same vein of the steelers being dirty whether or not burfict deserved it
they 're aware that they will have to either do that or support those doing it .
it 's not possible to be ignorant of that fact .
frothing at the mouth '' is n't necessary so much as being willingly complicit .
i feel this in my bones all of it .
should i leave the squishy leaves at the bottom or remove them ?
has n't mou always insisted that chelsea was his dream job ?
also his lackluster job at united kinda proves that his chelsea failure was n't such an anomaly
i could n't say whether he was right or wrong to move from his youthful radical left position but i want to comment i 'm reading his memoir now and he recalled a time when he was about 20 ?
he met an idol of his a hardcore left wing political activist some breed of trotskyist in poland i think ?
in that meeting he remembered having his illusion of resurrecting socialism destroyed .
he came to believe there that we can never move back to socialism or socialism 2.0 trotskyism whatever he wanted .
instead he said he came to believe the real battle for us was holding on to democracy in the face of rising totalitarianism .
personal rant if you look at china hong kong us elections you can see he was right .
if he were alive that is what i believe he would be talking about .
he would be stirring up dissent among the people encouraging democratic participation and in that arguing for socialist ideals .
he would 've made a great leader but instead we have got jordan peterson proof god does not exist .
its a total market fund and it invests in something like 99.98 of all public companies in the usa .
you are not betting on a sector like tech or health care you are just buying the entire market .
sure the past few years have been great for tech but remember it took tech like 16 years to recover after the 2000 tech bubble
i say do n't pierce you have some of the most perfect breast i 've seen .
averaging 35 against the warriors last year was n't enough eh ?
know with all your heart that you will never relapse again .
i do n't have one but i know people who do and they really enjoy it .
i think giving up solves nothing if things can only get better why not take a chance on it instead of just letting life slip away and waste ? ?
you eed to find your reason to push on mine is my kids .
he wil do it anyway you all fall for his attention trap .
pretty suer a guy who pulled 97 pipes knows that there will be a 33,50,100 chance in the last 3 pipes .
if i can price match produce i 'll go to the superstore but most of the time i find it too expensive .
your art is gorgeous tah but i do n't think this design is very fun .
it 's extremely feast or famine like a mini-pride and that 's a lot for a 3 drop .
i 'd really prefer if this traded ward for more hp .
literally the reason i changed my mind and bought the game is because it was apparent that they made changes with non-casual players in mind .
the quality of life improvements to getting competitive-ready pokemon as well as how incredibly good most of the galar pokemon are makes me more excited for this generation 's competitive battling than any other by an absolute long-shot .
burrowing rodents oh damn oh fuck oh damn oh fuck it 's found us shit shit shi
dude with t-rex arms had no business lifting that much weight .
also why not lower the bench so your feet can make good contact with the ground ?
lastly is n't it good spotting technique to have your hands underneath the weight as he 's bringing it down ?
we usually sleep at night time in the uk .
think most of us are awake when this went up
honestly i like peep and cobain voice and beats but honestly they are cancerous they all promotes satanist bullshit
the amount of exp needed from 6-10 is almost a million which is like going from 1-6 more than two times over .
when white people try to talk like black people lmao
fwiw i have no idea how that 's a spoiler because i have n't read the series .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
my fiancé and i were going out to lunch and trying to find parking in a neighborhood notorious for very few available spots .
we found one but there was a lady that decided to stand in the way to save the spot for 'her husband just around the corner ' .
we yelled some back and forth to get her out of the way her daughter that was with her was mortified by her behavior .
she did n't move until i got out of the car to go flag down a cop and when she finally moved people who were sitting outside having lunch clapped for us .
i would n't believe people would do that but we got it on dashcam .
i have dormammu at r4 and while he definitely does not hit hard his power control is legit and has helped me defeat shit tons of content .
he is very helpful against the likes of hyperion and such power gain a holes .
stop writing on a reddit post and start writing in an application .
stop feeling bad for yourself and get the fuck started .
my father was like yours unwilling to change any political views or even talk about them if they were different from his .
he was a good man in many ways however .
also he was a doctor on a navy ship during wwii and that 's just the start of the many thousands of lives he saved .
it 's not just about generation but always there are die hards who do n't want to move on with the world and in order for the world to change there have to be a critical number of people who understand what 's going on .
my boomer friends and i are mostly liberal and/or progressive democrats who spend our times together arguing about which of the candidates has the best chance of winning .
i think common people are largely irrelevant compared to institutional holders/governments etc pp but correct me if i am wrong
i guess being positive and commenting like us is bad for him .
so back in the us now and it seems fine .
so my experience coupled with the other users above suggests fi is n't much good overseas in the iphone ?
before garbage time okc had scored on 16 out of their last 19 trips down the court including a couple threes .
i 'm counting garbage time as all the fts okc shot in ot .
cp3 made mid range as the clincher in my mind .
meanwhile i 've never had friends irl or anything .
told you guys epstein was a scapegoat he knew too many big people .
honestly at that price point i think your best bet is to evolve a marbury .
there are plenty of point guards i like better than those two although ray really does play great but they 're either collection rewards jason kidd or token rewards cousy theus
bro this ai n't 2k you do n't just blow up a team in november lol
you can take that thing and thrust it by shear force into the thoracic cavity through thin tissue .
like i said bro ham i seent it on a couple videos during my watch on the internets .
this video was edited to leave out all the other times they asked for his identity .
the trash clamper could have been the bigger one and set down his stick and played along for five seconds .
this whiny little turd takes the attention away from real tough policing situations with actual victims .
he is a spoiled little fuck and i hope he learned his lesson for his own sake ... meaning that next time he has an opportunity to change his life for the better he can use his words and resolve real-life misunderstandings better next time like a big boy .
thanks man i appreciate it 😄😄 iove having anime fans be the only ones who know 🤣🤣
no i just have a lot of faith in benjo for some reason
thanks for confusing me now take your damn upvote and go .
if i 'm not mistaken you get it along with the base tint as soon as you complete the class order hall campaign since legion ap is gone .
can be difficult to find vintage synths here in australia .
lower population and not many people to repair them why i havnt had my virus for a year
the main store in my city has jp-8000 for 950aud .
a korg ms2000a for 850aud radius r with rd-kb cables and power supply for 850aud .
i 'll look into the va 's a bit more if the virus is not repaired by end of year .
i have never wanted to see anything on tv so much in my entire life .
man has been flirting with me a lot at work recently .
i bet if give her money for this dumbass trip she will definitely let me smash ''
if you 're a steelers fan do n't act holier than thou .
after years of harrison hines ward and ab you should be the last one talking about bush league .
i just played gk the other day though and my ps4 was struggling and lagging usually does with that map .
i 'm thinking they toned down on the graphics to attempt to make gameplay smoother ?
ehh it was like obviously a joke tho ... lol
you say a command then the command must be translated on googles servers then the response sent back to your assistant-device then the command is sent to googles assistant server for processing then the changes are sent to ikea 's servers with the commands to turn on or off lights then ikea send it to your gateway
i 'm thinking of selling mine with less miles and idk what to price it at
it 's the global representative for all women weighing in !
it 's because i 'm streaming goga for the fri-sat b2b is n't it .
what looked exhausting to me was the live shows .
all the running/dancing around and the phone filming and the blake as bad wedding dj .
the sad part the flag did n't start to transition to blue .
either way awesome pins and i hope that you 'll make the full set in the future !
gop need to bring blowhorns in case they do it again .
you do n't need to borrow shares when you purchase a put .
other than that spx is still a better vehicle if you have the capital for it .
i see that you put your heart on it !
the part where i said it 's the car drivers fault kinda
you literally did n't say this or anything like it at all though .
it 's weird that you told people six times to re-read your comment as if we somehow missed something .
as soon as they played porcelain by moby i shut it off .
wow how do you ever expect to have a girlfriend ?
who knows i would buy multiple paintings if i could afford it .
i just like the signed pics because they are affordable to me .
i 've already stated how it can be made more exciting .
how many non-empty net goals a game on average are there this year ?
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... .
lakers are the 5th worst 3 point shooting team in the league .
there 's nothing inconsistent about bolvar making new death knights out of the new races .
composites and electronic materials are sexy and for good reason but the vast majority of space ships and air planes are metal .
billions of dollars are spent on developing superalloys for one example because a 1 increase in jet engine operating temperature would save many more billions in fuel .
there is still so much research to be done .
the design space of composition and processing of alloys is so massive that in the thousands of years since the bronze age humans have barely scratched the surface of potential alloy development .
also there is a huge demand for alloy researchers and fewer people entering the field making it a very lucrative area to study .
your submission has been removed because it does n't link directly to the file .
right click copy link on the gif to get a direct link .gif and .gifv is preferred .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gifs if you have any questions or concerns .
imma be honest i think it 's a cool looking building
because he turned our organization from decades of embarrassment to a contender in a few short years .
he rescued us and now a reddit rumour is enough to be like yeah he 's got ta go
so what state allows 16 year olds to buy firearms ?
depends on what you want or have if you have some of their normal jutsus the weaker cards are still synthesiziable and add less but still a good chunk to increase its level or complete shinobis kits
sure they have internship experience it is compulsory for students to have an internship .
i guess most familial theories are rotating towards matt because of the cocaine .
but i did n't hear all the details of how they excluded all four sons .
one would just hope it was thoroughly investigated alibis .
since the money was left behind money/or short term robbery seem out .
as fire is almost always to cover something the dead do n't care usually what is covered .
furthermore i think because john was n't dead the armoire was thrown on him after the beating to keep him in place during the fire and an extra combustion point .
i think they were both killed and by someone they quite possibly knew .
i 'm routinely at like 35 a week pt .
i got an additional job and they only knocked me down 10 hours .
how the hell was he one of the first out there ?
when steve left it was like my dad left twice .
oh i was thinking it was alive until rhodes reported it as expired '' so i thought someone had hit it
the comment you linked was approved by another moderator and i agree with their decision the comment was not threatening .
yep might as well invest in an orbital welder now
nice you found a post i wrote back when i was a freshman when i was mentally ill to the point of being committed and withdrew for 18 months .
i did n't realize people stalked post histories for three years back in time lol
i ca n't handle watching other people use apps absolutely infuriating .
this was done for youtube play counts not for ease of info dissemination
you sound like you 're pretty wise about girls and also that you genuinely care about their thoughts and feelings which is really good .
you 're a rarity and someone a girl would be lucky to have as a boyfriend .
do n't feel bad that they did n't want to tell you at first the fact that they opened up later says a lot about who you are .
it 's their ex boyfriends ' fault that they were hesitant and not yours .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
is it weird that i think its so cool that i have the same bikini ?
i 've got the same issue right airpod as well
35 votos de up suponen que la dirección del partido ha dilapidado millones de votos por su falta de conexión con las bases .
y la única alternativa es enviar a pablo irene y sus colegas de dirección a su actividad anterior fuera de la política y dejar todo el poder en manos de las bases para que nadie nos parasite y nos venda por un puñado de ministerios bajo las órdenes de un partido corrupto .
i bought a 3sixt wallet case when i got the phone cause that 's similar to what my s7 had .
it 's so damn heavy the case connects to the wallet with this huge ass magnet .
i get the feeling i 'll end up with 3 or 4 as well before i find the right one .
fingers crossed i 'm happy with the samsung one .
first time i got drunk was off that shit .
got drunk with some girls in an alley drank way more than i should while trying to be cool .
think i had it once since then and i puked it up .
never wan na see that shit again as long as i live .
even seeing it in the store 15 years on makes me nauseous
what do you think about god or whatever force created the universe ?
ersonally i do n't wear spiked running shoes but it does get quite icy here in winter so if they 're within your budget you should probably get some .
spikes are fine for ice but useless for snow .
i hear you man i would hate to lose the bandage and the 98 dollars !
the carrack must be at least ... . 3 times bigger than that ! ''
your sister is immature and toxic and her relationship is immature and toxic .
it does n't take anything from the point they were trying to make .
merci on a u des nouvelles et voilà tt ce passe bien mais il n a pas était retrouver et depuis il m arrive plein de truc chelou
shit no make no sense i amb also writing non sense
u/theincubuslord for being the 1 jade fan and having occasional witty comments .
usually need to provide license bank statement photos to a 3rd party website as proof of id and address .
my favourite has always been either betfair the exchange has the best odds around but with 5 commission or bet365 up to £100 free bet bonus 100 matched very simple layout easy to use good mobile app
this submission was removed for breaking rule 2 no unedited media .
unedited anime clips screenshots manga panels irl pictures social media sites text messages plain text non-oc fanart comics etc .
while often funny these forms of unedited media are n't considered memes by themselves .
i am a bot and this comment was made automatically however this submission was removed manually by a member of the mod team .
if you have any questions about this removal please contact the moderators through modmail .
i do acknowledge that the ctrl does n't come close to the best but just wondering if it was actually worth for its price since i have read many comments saying that ctrl and alt really did n't have that great of a build quality .
even its cnc full aluminium case was said to be cheap '' but this was all on the low profile version .
the high profile version does n't seem to have as much bad things said about it but that might be due to it being much more rare .
hence i just assumed that the high profile would be of higher quality especially being more twice the weight of the normal ctrl .
i 'm satisfied if it is worth its price and tkl seems to be very hard to find at this price point .
my concern was that it would be quite behind in quality compared to others at same price and i would n't know as i 'm new to this hobby .
every time i 'm in astera i try this randomly and get really upset because i does n't work .
to answer his question just have sex where he is n't involved .
i 've put stuff fully inside my ass not doing that anymore since i 've learned better but then i just push it out again .
obviously i could ask on r/guns or something like that but im looking for an informative based sub
simple pesto sauce made with a delicious blend of macadamia nuts pine nuts basil garlic lemon and extra virgin olive oil .
this is just being real petty and insecure honestly its not murder its just being very easily pathetic
only thing she knew was how to be pathetic to direct her bitterness over nothing towards group of people she did not know i mean come on dude the whole app was basically a face recognition app on its testing faze so it could even help with human trafficking crime detection no one no one cares if a has has seen you naked or been in your pants after he has actually done something worth shit
follow the download link and navigate to the one you want .
can we please have no more what should i do in cabo ? questions on mail in ?
i feel like the question has been asked and answered so many times .
wish theyd let you send your retainers out to do ventures from it similar to wows follower app .
i 'm assuming these look worse than they are and are semi-auto or something .
i 'm genuinely asking because it used to drive me nuts every time .
my favorite drug is lsd and i 'm an aquarius
if you check my comment history i recently posted a comment about turning on your partner and recommended some books .
not really hilarious i 'm not denying that happened but it 's no scrub that rocks a top talent .
when people in a bmw dont indicate que internet shitstorm
mount should be a field upgrade and deal silence should be a perk .
i mean if he is himself serbian i can confirm he is doing the exact type of troll we love to do here
i purchased my first 'modern ' smartphone in 2015 .
had 2gigs of ram and 16gb of expandable storage .
airtel a rival carrier had already introduced their 4g network .
but i was perfectly content being on a hspa network .
everything worked great and data speeds were blazing fast for the time .
i only switched to 4g the following year sometime in mid-2016 .
and i was able to do so because my device was an lte device .
it was 4g enabled and even supported volte xiaomi was able to do this via an update .
i would rather have a 5g enabled device and switch to it when the network 's deployed and stable than have an incompatible/'obsolete ' device .
sainz is capable of driving his car to the maximum hulk is n't .
how his career will end up i do n't know but whatever happens you can never compare him to someone like hulk .
yes when cops have body armor and can access military grade weapons our low level ars and handguns are gon na do us much good besides we do n't really need school shootings rn .
mmmmm this is a difficult one ... the one on the far right is the cutest 🤷🏻‍♀️ but i still ca n't decide !
your story quite same to me i am muslim and we perform prayer on the dawn we call subuh prayer so in my teenager days sleeping like hell is heaven to me on school holidays .
so i wake up and forgot to perform the prayer and my dad told i just did just now i was like no.. i was sleeping just now nope you just did the prayer he convince me to believe him .
so weird i dont know how that happen did i sleep performing the prayer ?
but like they said my eyes is open not close at first seem scary i heard then make decision to cool it off it cool if our body can do work by itself it a miracle from god probbably
if a criminal case is underway then that could definitely mean jail time is in his future .
cheating with speed hacks likely together with other cheats .
some guy named bumbum killed him.. search is insta blackie_bumbum or his fb bumbum
i 've seen press epaulettes used during ww2 that have the same size and shape .
hard to tell given the quality of the pic .
do n't offer to bring something you are n't willing to properly make .
they could bring salad rolls bread wine soft drinks fruit etc .
i could n't guess your state for a million bucks .
yeah she tells me it 's very hot she 's jealous of my snow haha .
also the bigger the viewership the bigger the number of pepegas which is why people are incorrectly labelling all cg viewers as toxic .
it 's just there 's a higher proportion of them .
z tego co wiem zwierzęta też można nadać jako zwykły '' bagaż tak się robi np z dużymi psami a nie podręczny co powinien ten pan to zrobić w takiej sytuacji .
i think you have a great voice for voiceovers !
but you need to focus on getting a popfilter or move a little away from your mic .
i 'm sure i read somewhere maybe in one of the books about actors and if the characters have different daemons to the character they are portraying it can cause controversy .
they just go on stage with the actors and i guess it could be important to the show that they speak as well ?
i believe he 's mentioned that a complete rework of the spawner is down the line so not much point in doing big changes in the mean time
you should all information that can be used to possibly create a better life for the most possible amount of people is good information and i 'm not being snarky here i 'm well aware that my own suspicion towards ubi is because of what information i have on hand at the moment and that such suspicion is certainly subject to change should i happen to get other info on hand .
and you seem to have a genuine interest in it so ...
far too few do what they actually want to do .
just when i thought it could n't get any worse .
we can never have enough taxpayer trillions being funded towards the arms race while children starve s
get on a bus sit behind a bald guy and rub away .
solar panels are improving over time but a jump in efficiency that large for standard '' solar panels ...
i hope they find the funding to do the research to show what efficiency gains they get but i do n't have high hopes for them .
as others have said fail to capture '' is not the same as waste . ''
how did they manage to make smackdown worse than raw since moving to fox
i had the server issue as well but i try not to color that great experience that was the first expo around it .
if you ca n't do the same then well i am very sorry for you .
would this be enough to have an impact on a possible s3 ?
smirking in the general direction of everyone complaining it was predictable and obvious that roman was in the dog suit .
thank you for the sweet response i suppose it 's true !
i guess i just feel left out of this vacation in a way as they 've always had a more the merrier mentality and the trip it 's just them their friends go as well .
electron microscope pictures are colorless so it 's been artistically-enhanced ... but yeah .
rediscovered brandy 's cinderella this past weekend and i 'm heads over heels for that soundtrack all over again .
some of those songs i have n't heard since i was like six
personally i do n't mind paying an extra paypal fee to have my money right then .
not a bit fan of the 3-5 business day wait .
kind of difficult to keep track of what i 'm making considering you can just gather your 30 day income on paypal .
idk i do n't think it 's a good move .
i honestly would n't choose it if i were well off so i guess it is a means to an end .
if i could dance with my clothes on for money then that 'd be a different story lol but i think i will look into english teaching !
i took ap english in high school and have both japanese and korean language basics under my belt 😁
hope you find happiness in your life or happiness finds you
i 'll send this to my ex maybe then she 'll be satisfied for once .
mccarthyism is the second red scare they 're not antithesises to each other .
riot police are no exception they need to be held accountable too and the accountability should ultimately be to the people .
if you 've followed opinion polls this year you 'd know that riot police the way they are currently conducting themselves in operations do not have good popular support .
as to personal opinion i must say i disagree that the point of riot police is to beat '' gas '' be aggressive '' be violent '' .
nor is it to emulate the worst behaviours you 've seen in other countries yes even if you ignore the us .
it is n't to beat people on the head '' go for knees '' anything to cripple a threat '' put them out of action '' .
i 'm sure you do n't hold such extreme views and you were just exaggerating .
he blended the chicken so there are no hard bits anyway .
sautéing or using a rotisserie chicken would allow the flavor the deepen because of caramelization .
here they might as well jus used cardboard because probably all you can taste is hot sauce .
we can most definitely get a first rounder for him if he keeps playing like this
they 're destroying the country not trying to liberate it or whatever
i jumped under my desk and i 'm watching from over 1000 miles away .
i made them all 25x25 pngs because a thread at r/csshelp said it was the ideal size
its not going to happen if it has n't already
i 'm using a reddit client and it 's confusing rn
like he has to know how good his shot is by now !
i do think it 's funny how much he scores even with how often he passes up the shot
1 fedex does n't send out trainees 2 fedex does not employ unmarked trucks if contracted must invest in marked truck 3 fedex training discusses cameras as an extension of customer service 4 fake scare tactics are a shitty way to sell doorbell cams
i 'm wondering if it just has something to do with them saying they were going to add jump-packs .
and burn the whole place down while your at it ... fucking savages .
my mom said it could be the same it made me feel fat .
and pls tell koa that there are some animals that do n't need a reskin like hippo some of the skins already very good .
a few days ago i almost crashed my motorcycle .
an idiot crossed the road on an atv in a 90 zone without looking .
at first i thought it was a car moving back onto the road from the shoulder so i moved into the left lane to go around him since it was a dotted line .
then he kept moving left and i finally realized it was a atv but it was too late to move back into the right lane so i kept aiming for the gap between him and the left side of the road which was rapidly closing .
i finally made it with 2ft of road on my left and i was so close to hitting him at 100km/h that my peg literally nicked his front bumper .
this really made me grateful to be alive and well because that was some action movie shit and people usually are n't that lucky in real life .
as you are not a native speaker salacious adjective arousing or appealing to sexual desire or imagination
yeah i 'm fine with star wars changing even if i do n't like it i just wish we were n't being bombarded by so much lazy unoriginal content and that everyone was a bit more civil when expressing their opinions .
actually enforcing the rules in the sidebar would be a great start .
adam schiff was able to actually keep those assholes in line .
i was sure they were going to try all the tricks distractions and shouting over each other .
it was so so incredibly sensitive to the touch and i finally gave in and let my husband relieve it after a few days
so on the inside i cut with a dremel the casing for the batteries only leaving enough for the one of the batteries to sit completely fine left side and the other one was remove right side .
then also did some holes at the bottom as well as removing the dpi button and the completely .
the one in the middle of the baking sheet was legit the size of a baseball !
i 've had restaurants swap food out i didnt like but no restaurant will allow that especially if you ate the whole thing .
hey how you doing well i am doing just fine i lied i am dying inside
you 're talking about landon donovan 's favorite soccer player landon donovan right ?
umm is there a sign in the store that distinguishes between sour and not ? ?
how tf are you supposed to know this about a strawberry especially out of season ones ! !
it 's a screen pass and it 'll go for 3 ! !
https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20gainpasspositive message=it 27s 20a 20screen 20pass 2c 20and 20it 27ll 20go 20for 20 7byards 7d 21
it 's 4th and 13 on the lsu 39 .
they also introduced a garbage editor that just intrudes on the video instead of enhancing it
that was bad..then it got worse ... ..then i was like what the fuck
how would you rate the durability of this light ?
what other lights would you reccomend to someone about to pull the trigger on this light ?
it hurts but you are right it could have been a lot worse .
maybe just start looking at different blocks together in creative .
this image has been removed because text was automatically detected in it
read the entire rules faq section closely to understand the rule .
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
you 're not supposed to deny your minor children access to you when they are clearing needing it .
i am so sick of people talking about how their needs are important too .
it 's not the job of the child to accommodate their parents ' selfish needs at the expense of their own need for healthy attachment .
i cant deny this is the best reply for the game .
did n't mention or show even once any of my three favourite shows this season blade of the immortal iruma-kun and null peta .
please do n't get the 600rr as a first bike .
i let my friends convince me to and after putting 30k miles on it i realize i would have progressed so much faster as a rider if i had bought a better bike .
go for something with handlebars and two cylinders max 650cc .
i 'm always baffled when he says that the best friends do n't have the balls to be gay '' .
like it 's just two guys being friends but they hold hands and hug so they must be gay .
seems like you are fishing for feedback on a business idea .
he looks like the kind of guy who would unironically give his opponents helicopter rides
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=so reddit i need help an old friend distorted one of my phones and he does n't what to pay me he owes me 200 dollars .
he says his super rich bu he does n't want to pay for the phone .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
it would however be correctly classified as illegal speech .
it is one of the few exceptions to the first amendment .
being in opposition to a political candidates positions is not however violent speech .
i remember listening to a podcast on that case .
i mean the three of them had to have done it right ?
or some combination of the three but i do n't doubt that all of them know what happened and when .
in the end it 's impossible to argue that the treaty of versailles was n't responsible for world war ii .
the german perception of the treaty of versailles is to blame .
it 's almost certain that germany did n't lose wwi because of the actions of a cowardly cabal of jews backstabbing the military but hitler used that to gain power as well .
also it is more complicated than 'only germany wanted war ' but i think they definitely played a bigger part in it than some other nations .
ahhh the gold old days before everything had built-in planned obsolescence .
the story of the prostitute who gave a dehydrated dog water proves that allah swt forgives people and rewards them based on what they do and their intentions .
if you do exceptional actions or lead blessed lives you might get forgiveness .
a muslim man might go to jahannam but his kafir neighbor might go to jannah .
we can never know as the almighty is the judge .
when the mlb decides to hand out punishments how far do you think they 'll go ?
this is very cool the only thing that personally am not of fan of on this timeline is dick grayson robin not being the first sidekick .
but there definitely is some respect i give to dick grayson robin in my own head cannon as the first ever kid superhero sidekick .
i usually give him 2 years over all of the other ones followed closely behind with the rest of the fab5 roy garth wally and donna .
it 's hard when he chases you and keeps scratching your legs or pinching you .
we were also thinking time out in his room but the damn kid can reach the door nob .
or taking his bunny away and putting it out of reach .
i 'm going to try the ignoring for a week then if he keeps doing it i will put the bunny up .
imagine doing a stat test or something and padoru nero appears and fucks up your graph but just when ya think the worst is over the calculator starts making weird digital sounds that turns out ta be the padoru song .
i 'd rather dip cope or grizzly than it .
been a while since i bothered with the ur dragon but if you go in when he has one heart left you can just use a maker 's finger on him .
you can buy one at a time from fournival and any regular bow class can fire it .
another experience i had was at my friend 's apartment building which his parents owned .
it wad a pretty old building in the pilsen neighborhood of chicago and according to his dad it used to be owned by al capone but i 'm not sure how true that was .
we had an apartment on the top floor that they let us use to just hang out and it allowed us easy access to the roof so we could go smoke cigarettes .
one night we were about to go up but i had to pee so i told him i 'd meet him up there .
after i was done i went up the stairs to the attic portion that was connected to the roof .
there were no lights so we always used our phones to guide us .
we had those old flip phones without lights so you only had the light from the screen to help navigate the cluttered mess that was up there .
as i made my way to the roof door i saw a shadow pass by me .
now this was n't like the shadow of something moving with the light of my phone this shadow felt solid like a person .
i followed the direction it went thinking it was my friend .
i kept saying that i knew it was him and to stop playing around .
it passed me a few more times before heading to the other side of the attic and that 's when i heard my friends voice from downstairs .
he got a call from his girlfriend and was in another room talking to her the whole time .
i have no idea what that shadow figure was but it really freaked me out and i basically jumped down the stairs .
i told my friend what happened and that i did not want to go back up there and he agreed so we decided to go for a walk instead .
i based my comment on the math 12 years is 2007 .
it actually hurts less to start investing during the beginning of a fall than a fall late because such a small amount of principal is damaged .
yes you 've lost money but it 's a small amount of money because you have n't invested a lot to begin with
there are gon na be very few instances of better timing than yours .
if you had started in 2000 sp500 1450ish then 12 years later 1400ish the sp500 would have been roughly the same .
you 'd be even unluckier if you had started investing 1997
so hospitals and plenty of other general clinics perform the same duties .
planned parent has never been the only place for women to obtain all of these stated exams .
she has a penis therefore it 's a dude if they want me to call them a girl fine whatever lol but does n't mean she is n't a dude
would n't it be nice to take a walk on some pure white sand gaze at the horizon without living in fear ?
would n't it be sweet to watch the sun curve down meets the waves ?
and taste the ocean spray and realize we 'd been living as slaves
he 's cracked under pressure 3 weeks in a row .
he has two versions of himself showing the ‘bro ' with bad technique dressed differently and the normal version with good technique .
me using light mode attributes me to satan whereas you dwell in darkness you demon .
if you end up getting both i can take one off your hands
i thought about it being obsidian also but i live in southern ontario where there are n't any volcanoes
does that change the style of the letters or something ?
til two people weigh the same as a bunch of ice racing cars .
4 inches in usually considered plenty thick to walk on
this is already too much like a job interview i 'm out .
they are mixed with some pork sausage i had to add a little fat .
the venison is just too lean without it for meatballs .
i 'm gon na get some venison sausage next time to make more .
very true i have every intention to watch 3am cards and fall asleep before it starts 😭
so swimming in incel pond is a better option ... okay
the distributor knows you ca n't be an irish bar without guinness and probably tried to extort them with a choice between high prices for beer or the cost of rebranding
rates for a nat 5 is 1.25 and for nat 5 ml is 0.15 .
lol alright mate get vegans to pay for your failing animal cruelty farm
loving that dance pose and the overall colors for this !
they make me get into the dancing mood as well !
sounds like a great idea if it can be achieved !
trump messed with the wrong deep state on this one .
amazon prime india sucked they have n't uploaded a single episode
has n't soja been found to be unhealthy for men ?
phytohormones are not unhealthy and if so they 'd be for women too .
cause it 's made for calves to grow and full of hormones that adult humans should avoid .
wtf how you be an amateur of your own race 😂😂
i love this game it 's story and it 's characters .
did n't hurt i was a huge sg1 fan and seeing tony amendola play a jedi master was beyond awesome .
for me the zeffo story cal etc could lead to a really interesting and deep mythos in its own right if done properly .
seeing ancient species connection to the force that is n't jedi/sith is a really refreshing take on the force itself .
de ha még nem is tudta volna ha látja hogy körülette mindenki feláll egy dalt énekelni akkor a minimum az lenne hogy ő is feláll .
nobody had a problem with you not liking them you moron .
everyone just has a problem with your ego being so ridiculous you ca n't comprehend people might like things you do n't .
youre getting downvoted because you 're an arrogant idiot .
you can make it into a scarf or so .
your submission appears to be a repost https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules wiki_3._no_reposts .
or a meme https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules wiki_what_is_a_meme.3f – a violation of rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules wiki_3._no_reposts .
or rule 2 https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules wiki_what_is_a_meme.3f respectively – and has therefore been removed .
if you feel this removal was done in error you may contact the subreddit 's moderators for manual appraisal .
went hiking with friends on a beautiful day slightly clouded perfect for hiking .
on top of the mountain a friend pointed out that my hair went straight upwards and was laughing .
everybodys hair more or less went upwards and he found it funny-looking .
it may looked funny but it really was n't .
we went down that mountain top pretty fast there is no need to wait for a lightning any longer .
i respect the mountain 's and this taught me to respect them even more .
same lightweight and wireless and viper and all that new stuff but fk2 is where it 's at just a paracord and hyperglides and it 's great
ca n't have an opinion unless it matches the majority .
to prove my point watch dumb reddditors downvote this comment lol .
real ksi fan would love all 4 to reach 10 mill fuck the beef
obviously bc you 're too irresponsible to be vaccinated 🙄
69.162.96.125:7905 https 69.162.96.125:7905 meet bob https steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061522827 https steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198061522827 he is running a new server that just started up 11/03/19playing on this server for less than a week it is quite apparent that this is a server for just his friends .
our group was banned due to made up reasons .
circumventing clan max '' which was what we dealt with as there were two clan all friends of bob 's who were swapping members left and right .
they attempted to foundation wipe us which was against their own written rules and claimed we were exploiting with no explanation but we fought and swatted them back .
the final day we endured 2 6 man clans attacking us and brought the fight to their front door with a random server crash we lost a t4 bearer and suddenly we were getting banned .
we had a roster change and brought back a member who initially joined with us and we removed an inactive .
did i mention they could n't touch us or kill us ?
stay away this server is just a safe space for bob 's friends .
bob is also on a spree of banning people from his server for no reason as well .
other names were mentioned with the most ludicrous reasons .
you are not a very observant or knowledgeable admin .
i started having this issue when i got my 4k monitor and if i alt+tab out of a fullscreen game
your post was automatically removed for having a high number of reports .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/donthelpjustfilm if you have any questions or concerns .
and i seem to recall you wanting that cum inside that ass of yours !
not according to one of the worlds leading forensic pathologists .
his report indicates that the injuries sustained in epstien 's death were more consistent with a murder and not with suicidal hanging .
cheese in tube if you want to troll people .
r/therightcantmeme instantly becomes a gargantuan fleet of attack helicopters .
you 've been super awesome helping me figuring which end of the stick points up in this game .
guess i 'll order 2-3 boxes of bats boosters too .
not sure what i 'm looking for but the preliminary research i did told me the batgirl was a good piece .
actually there is some subplots between the storekeepers and ryos friends..
it is maybe because you associate music in general with past negative experiences or moments music takes out what you feel inside .
i think you 're probably stuck with those emotions in this period and to move forward im not sure you could try to listen to new music paying attention to the music the melody the lyrics without letting it bringing out emotions right when it starts or associate a song with something positive and nice .
i would n't say they 've done nothing with him for a long time at all .
new day has been one of the bigger acts in the company for half a decade now and he was an ic/us/tag champion and had a royal rumble moment every single year for a long time .
he definitely deserved the shot at the main event though .
i always wondered what those post things were for !
i just want to bury my face in it and make her need my dick after she cums for the first time by mouth .
it sounds better then the og dont lie to urself
did he say houllier danced past the ireland bus after the handball game ?
why is that carrier getting in the way of a picture of sett ?
i have a male palpitoad it has water 1 egg group .
it does n't have field egg group i do n't know if that matters .
i am from the netherlands so it should suffice .
i am in constant pain with injuries nowhere near as serious as you sometimes hope is all i have and keeps me going .
i wo n't give you platitudes as they do n't help just keep hold of that hope .
so should discrediting the police who also do life saving services be covered under the same rule ?
i 'm not saying it 's right and obviously libel is n't covered by free speech i just do n't think this analogy works in this case
if you are in immediate danger or crisis please contact your local emergency services https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_emergency_telephone_numbers .
for cptsd specific resources support check out the wiki https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/index .
for those posting or replying please view the etiquette guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/cptsd/wiki/peer2peersupportguide .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cptsd if you have any questions or concerns .
tbf lots of people liked the original soylent too even after the famous exposition about the green variant .
when i saw the red bumps at the bottom it immediately felt like some plucked a needle out of my left hip .
contrary to what you see special spiral is n't needed for ar d. she likely only needs to fire her special off once to kill one person and that should be good enough .
for setups u wan na us rally traps make sure ophelia is n't snip able and a bunch of guys can follow up
got two in a row aim for the feet and shoot the ceiling !
i find stones every now and then in the desert area .
it does n't matter if you but it or not .
physical and online stores ca n't return product for a refund from gamefreak .
the roku ca n't handle the signals the switch is sending out .
weird i 'm from eastern europe and cant see the poll..
your post has been automatically removed because your account does not meet the minimum age required to post 90 days .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/avexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah you 're right like the previous one they did they 're fake .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
jesus what a disgusting hoe why would she waste all that on something that is n't my dick
i found yesterday 350kg 96 taranite rock with 0.97 resistance ... and was n't able crack him
me too lmao i just get really scared when i 'm on it for some reason .
uh no refusing to run ameer abdullah when he was getting 8 ypc was proof enough and y'all still hired him .
giannis might be the most complete player in the league already .
absolutely unreal player ca n't wait to see what kinds of peaks he 'll reach in his career .
this is a repost the original was posted yesterday and got 73k upvotes
i still remember a time when my house didn't have internet .
not like dialup only ... '' just that it was n't a thing we had yet .
i had a mechanical engineering internship my first summer out of high school in 2004 and got paid over 12 an hour .
itll need more work than they can provide to be better .
trying to pull this off in a sub where the top post of all time has 42 upvotes !
i 'm glad you found something that changed your outlook for the better .
and gets back to ‘they ' now have the same exact right to try to take it back by force .
which is the exact outcome to be expected from this historical event .
oh i rescinded my own applications because i decided even if i got in i really was no longer interested
sign me up for the ctrl with samurai red caps please .
if she 's doing it on purposes maybe she is n't doing it with malicious intent .
maybe she 's telling you she knows without ratting you out .
you ca n't be completely sure without taking risks though and in your situation i do n't know if you should take the risk .
i would grant more leniency to him if it happened in the heat of the moment but he appears calm and collected .
either he does n't know the tos or he 's just trying to get a reaction my guess is the latter .
or even to just walk the cooped up boogers sometimes !
lots of love to be shared if your symptoms allow it !
couple that with citizens who vote based on emotion and hate instead of policies that relate to their needs and wants in the grand scheme of things and you 've got yourself some votes !
i can find a bajillion different kinds of soaps for just as many purposes .
i mean i can do it so it is not null but that would n't solve that the alarm wo n't trigger or will it ?
managed to cross the map without seeing any of these supercharged bts or instant boss battles everyones talking about ?
it makes sense to go for 2 just cause we 're away and in a hostile environment .
it was a smart play call just not executed right .
yes his decision at the end of the day but he 's also getting advice from his coordinators in the booth from what they see on field .
anyone else seen/heard/tried the bridge '' electronic thing that goes behind your ear and basically eliminates your opiate/heroin wd symptoms ?
i 'm currently addressing some long term use but counselors do n't know what i 'm talking about .
trust me i used to play on a good screen on ps4 and it felt way better than 720p even tho i had between 30-60fps
i guess let '' is a poor choice of words.. and to clear things up i have n't controlled her from doing anything .
i 'm simply worried about her hanging out with her former fwb and sleeping over at his place .
i did n't know making your character look like a bicycle seat was considered handsome
i 've been able to tell who 's looking at me because they want to ask me out and who 's probably thinking about other things lol .
theres definitely a difference at least in my experience .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
es gibt sinnfreies wie die hohlerde und es gibt sachen die man überprüfen muss .
du kannst nicht einfach alles als verschwörungstheorie einstufen weil du es für dich so abgestempelt hast .
as for my experience dual sim or single sim does make a difference i used to get stable ping after turning off second sim
it is amazing how strong pr can make people look the other way on horrible issues like this .
japan has been repackaging themselves very well to gain love and affection from the international community with their good manners beautiful mountains amazing food and anime ...
i mean i love all those things but damnnnnn comfort women and war shrine is just wow .
correct me if i 'm wrong but the film starts with the kanohi ignika shooting off to space after being sent by the toa ignika the legend reborn is set after the battle for the kanohi ignika on karda nui and before the crappy rushed bionicle stars story line meaning that the film is in the same universe and is not a reboot rather a continuation of story they 've been developing for the prior 8 years .
sorry your post has been automatically removed because these kinds of posts are being posted a lot and people can not get the help they need to start spoofing .
please read our mega post rules frequent asked questions useful links discord groups ios android spoofing guides https www.reddit.com/r/pokemongospoofing/comments/ck91cb/rules_frequent_asked_questions_useful_links
android spoofing guides this covers no root '' methods for android 5.0 to 9.0 and rooted spoofing '' like smali patcher and systemized will require a device to unlock the bootloader to flash twrp custom recovery and magisk root optional on some devices .
guides macros to transfer event pokemon two active accounts in split screen mode android only easy steps for adventure sync android only and how to setup augmented reality android .
gpx routes guides how to create gpx routes for android and ios how to convert gpx routes to be used with your spoofing app post containing links to premade gpx routes and covering gotcha vs pokeball plus vs go plus devices .
frequently asked questions relating to can i get banned ?
3 strikes how do i avoid getting a strike ?
useful informational websites related to pokemon go trading friending pvp/trainer battle .
events community day countdown site pokemon go fest safari zone other ticket mini events and unown events .
discord groups these groups offer weather boosted raids pokemon coords trading trainer battles giveaways news lure party and more .
catching pokemon nest website pokemon go sniping subreddit spoofing locations regional pokemon locations and three pokemaps
pokemon that do not nest aerodactyl aron bagon barboach beldum bellsprout bronzor buizel buneary burmy cacnea carnivine castform caterpie chansey chatot cherrim chimecho clamperl combee corsola cranidos croagunk delibird diglett ditto dratini drifloon drowzee ekans farfetch 'd feebas finneon geodude gible glameow gligar goldeen grimer gulpin heracross hitmonchan hitmonlee hitmontop hoothoot hoppip houndour illumise jigglypuff kangaskhan koffing krabby kricketot lapras larvitar ledyba lickitung litwick lotad lunatone mankey mareep marill meowth miltank mr .
mime murkrow natu nidoran f nidoran m pachirisu paras pidgey pineco porygon ralts rattata relicanth remoraid roselia sandshrew sentret seviper shellos shieldon skorupi slakoth slowpoke slugma snorlax snorunt snover solrock spearow spheal spinarak starly staryu stunky sunkern taillow tangela tauros togetic torkoal trapinch tropius unown venonat volbeat weedle wooper wurmple zangoose zigzagoon zubat
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongospoofing if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd love to try out your setting so gim me a message yeah ?
i 'm cst but im up at all hours on all days so
naaah ca n't have that kind of rational level headed grown up kind of attitude .
they only increase pressures which would make you slower .
as usual people dodge the question however i do not .
i wanted an opinion on what are sweaty skins not to get in an argument with a hypocrite .
you called me ‘cringy ' when you proceeded to say ‘lmfaooo ' .
explain your reasoning of saying ‘lmfaooo ' after calling me ‘cringy ' .
took me 21 hours to finish and find extra stuff but i tend to be slower than most with games .
fire emblem playthrough took me almost double what it took others .
most people do n't care and it 's not really their business .
if you have some friends who have been previously privvy to your status and you want them to know it changed you can drop them a hint .
if you ca n't see that ... then wow .
they 've been hatching for 8 years now then .
my 93 ej20g motor is misfiring at cold idle .
but i think that 's just cause it 's a silly pancake engine .
i love how his nose crinkles whenever he takes a bite
your submission has been removed because it concerns or has been prompted by a recent or current event .
recent events are a topic not covered in eli5 under rule 2 .
it 's possible posted about before even if this is not the case .
if this is about a recent/current event please consider trying a sub such as r/news r/worldnews or r .
please make sure to read their rules and their current megathreads if related .
in the event your post has nothing to do with the above mentioned reason and you are asking a question unrelated to this topic please message the moderators using this link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=can 20you 20review 20my 20thread ? message=/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/dxl90r/eli5_why_was_epstein_killed 0a 0athe concept i want explained 0a 0alink to your eli5 search 0a 0ahow is this post unique to review your submission .
posts that do not answer the questions listed in the modmail form will not be reviewed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/explainlikeimfive if you have any questions or concerns .
yes it was bloody amazing ... .it was my first job ... .i think i peaked way too early
jo '' '' jo då '' is a positive response to a negative question or statement like german doch '' dutch jawel '' hungarian de '' or french si '' .
english unfortunately does n't have a three form affirmative/negative system .
dance of the mance https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/front/5/d/5dca90ef-1c17-4dcc-9fef-dab9ee92f590.jpg ? 1572490726 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=dance 20of 20the 20manse sf https scryfall.com/card/eld/186/dance-of-the-manse ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/5dca90ef-1c17-4dcc-9fef-dab9ee92f590 ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text
rhythm of the wild https img.scryfall.com/cards/normal/front/8/4/84062ce2-fea2-4e06-b83b-7cc597fb2a1b.jpg ? 1572893995 g http gatherer.wizards.com/pages/card/details.aspx ? name=rhythm 20of 20the 20wild sf https scryfall.com/card/rna/201/rhythm-of-the-wild ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher txt https api.scryfall.com/cards/84062ce2-fea2-4e06-b83b-7cc597fb2a1b ? utm_source=mtgcardfetcher format=text
not really because when the tree is growing it just shows a little sprout it does n't show the tree changing or anything .
when the tree is done it will say your tree has grown up successfully ! then you get to see what tree you grew .
there 's a whole world tour where you go to different countries and collect new plants and fruits and flowers ... idk it 's kind of fun !
never even imagined there would be a fb page .
i thought it was common knowledge in the community that reddit was the best 'social media ' type site .
most people on reddit are helpful and mostly patient with repeated or daft questions and new players .
i can imagine no such generosity exists on fb .
i like others here only have a fb account for keeping in touch with far-flung friends .
apart from my name there is no other accurate personal data in my fb account .
dragging as if to highlight the text on the animal works well i have found
also i dont think it 's so much an auction as you put an animal on for 1 hour at a certain price and if someone buys it then it 's gone doesnt matter on time left .
i 've modified the case slightly in fact i have 6x3.5 '' hdd and 4x2.5 '' ssd fit in it .
i also cut the original front panel from hp case and integrated it with a new case .
the list you shared is showing an intel i7 build‽
mine is the runt of her litter i always forgot how big they actually get !
my mother kick me out recently as you said i ca n't fit all the stuff in a reddit post it 's to personal and subjective .
still fighting this situation but i 'm glad u find a resolution good stuff wo n't be long to appear in your life read this give me some strength .
i hope that the shelter did n't give them a damn thing
on one hand a new binding blade banner where i really like everyone they look so good and i 39 m so excited !
on the other hand i 39 ve got 72 orbs i might only get one unit if i 39 m lucky .
i 39 ll go for my guy percival first .
it seems people do n't really get this is a huge problem because everyone in politics has an ego it 's different with him .
they 're coming to an alien world culture language and society and will have immense difficulty figuring out how to survive and thrive on their own let alone make friends or connections to have a meaningful existence in the country .
the 14th amendment by and large was written with regard to immigrants from the same culture not alien cultures you can bet on that lol .
so considering that you can see how i make sense
i mean it sounds like you 're going over the top .
there will always be people who are n't happy with it for one reason or another and there are plenty of valid points on how the game can be improved for sure .
i do n't see any issue with people that raise valid points in a way that is n't just painting the whole game with the same brush unnecessarily .
there are just way too many people who post about things like night vision goggles not fitting properly calling the game trash '' etc .
ajd mi iskreno reci sto ce ti 1650 za 1080p ?
ili ono struje gladno i glasno rx 570 smece ?
i koji to jos posao mislis radit da je ryzen 1300x potreban ?
kuna po gigabytu dobijes cudo za taj ssd u odnosu na ovaj moj a ogromna ti korist od 8 sek brzeg butanja i 4 puta brzeg kopiranja na drugi ssd koji nit nemas pogotovo na maticnoj novijoj od 8th gen na koja se hdd dmi vise ne dijeli sa ostatkom racunala ...
i vote we put andrey duskin in a room with all keter scps and lock the door .
in general it 's hard to correctly diagnose back problems online .
the general advice is usually the same stop doing what you think is causing it start doing what you think will prevent it if that fails take a couple days or a week off if it 's still there after a couple weeks or a month go to a doctor .
if it is an all of a sudden you did a move and now your back is sore it sounds like a tweak at the very least and usually if a week or so of rest does n't solve it you should probably get it checked out .
if you notice that it has just sort of gradually gotten worse and worse it could be an overuse issue which would be worth getting it looked at if it 's been going on for a couple months of taking it easy .
fwiw i 've personally never had any back problems from jumping off although i do try to downclimb as much as possible to avoid putting my legs through unnecessary shock .
i am still in cumrade 's in it to win it woohoo .
wow so even with all that live boots up pretty quickly ?
i have a pretty good computer i might try to push it more .
also how are you having multiple samples in a simpler ?
might wan na re-format the 'gt vs. me ' story because it 's kinda hard to read
the catholic church has made a ton of changes since i 've been moping around this place like they 've totally changed purgatory and that circle of hell for unbaptized babies and heathens .
i do n't know as a sb all of these sound pretty generic and i would maybe respond but would n't prioritize these messages over other ones .
i think it 's important to make them somewhat more specific to the girls you 're messaging .
when i message a sd i make sure to say something about his profile or pictures specifically to make them feel special .
i honestly ca n't decide which is my favourite 😅
boston offers as good pay for my industry as sf both are better than la but its cheaper and completely shitty in the winter .
i 'm saving up over the next few years to make the move .
also climate change is gon na make socal even more miserable to live in during the summer .
are you telling me serious we do n't fuck the same hole you pee out of ?
otherwise we effectively lose access to our purchased games unless we pay for pro or until they release base .
the question will be whether or not we intend to continue pressing the claim of house peake helaena did not see any purpose in skirting the most obvious topic .
king titus and his brothers brandon and edmund have been slain .
do any adult male peakes remain to take up the claim ?
the matter of succession was a painfully messy affair as the reach was tragically well aware .
helaena studied adrian florent intently while she broached this subject to gauge his reaction .
his lord father had been an ambitious man she wondered if the son was cut from the same cloth .
i agree that the redwyne 's must be kept on side and it sounds to me that gold will be the surest way to secure them .
i fully expect that oakheart will do what he can to swing the arbor to his own cause .
i have a full size edp of gibbon 's mischief night never used .
it is the doug dimmadome owner of the dimsdale dimmadome !
maybe pushing something in the penishole ... dont know that in english xd
theyre building a nice core but they need another game changer for trae i dont think collins is that guy and to waste a lotto pick on reddish .
tried that but then homepod takes over after a while .
if it was consensual he 'd have nothing to worry about other than being seen as a bit of a creep .
he 's alleged to have met a 17 year old girl in a nightclub where it would be entirely reasonable to assume she 's at least 18 in order to get in the club .
i think it 's more than proving the incident with the 17 year old happen sets a precedent for epstein and guillane maxwell to have been complicit in having facilitated his acts of sexual abuse and suggests the accusations of him being involved in child sex rings are accurate .
they gone to first video only to write comment oh i do n't think so ''
the only problem with this is that some players are on two different franchises .
so they have to pick which team to play for .
a way to combat this would be a champions league tournament where county/city teams from different countries played each other in a knockout tournament .
it 's also a superficial reason in comparison to the thought that bucky is legally still considered a terrorist after all he 's done .
you sound like you are on a good path .
only thing controller does n't have is sprinting at the moment past that i do not know
youtube does n't give a fuck about far-right creators .
their agenda is completely left and if you disagree you 're an idiot rofl https twitter.com/i/status/1196115310891302918
jon faverau pointed out that the mcu would not exist if he had n't directed iron man and politely or maybe not suggested they leave him alone so he could make them more money .
hi i would like to play 15/m ignore the gamertag
made my account when i was younger ca n't be arsed to pay to change it
all i see is republicans minimizing it or pretending it 's not a problem at all .
i do n't understand what you 're trying to say .
she already has an eating disorder and her dad is helping her keep it up .
your submission has been automatically removed because it violates our headline rules https www.reddit.com/r/science/wiki/clickbait .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/science if you have any questions or concerns .
anyone realize that the eastern times on f1 calendar are wrong ?
states that it 's starting at 13:10 which is now in nyc but the race is in lap 47 ... .
unless the owner of the property allows for it .
at least that 's how it is in my county .
wow you really did n't need to give such a thoughtful response but thank you for doing so .
i do n't want to keep bothering you with questions but i had one about the redirect url so i just posted it on the sub again in case you would be willing to help me out some more but no sweat you 've already helped a ton .
also great work on the library the documentation is better than i 've seen on some professional libraries .
they could easily do 10 episodes a season with a healthy share of both blacklisters and mythology and it could still do 7 or 8 seasons .
the core story the main plot is why we 're all still here i just wish theyd stop with the fluff and tell the damn story .
i was watching a video on youtube where in ableton you can set up a arpeggio to play random notes from a range you select such as your chord progression and can change it to play a note every beat 1/2 1/4 etc .
i have fl and i ca n't figure out a method to do this .
i 've tried the arpeggio tool in the piano roll and the channel settings window as well as the riff machine .
there 's no way i can find to make it play random notes however .
it 's just up to down down to up reverse etc .
how much for the green stryfe and the demolisher ?
i got woken up once by my cat standing on my chest and sticking her nose straight in to my eye .
as i woke up i could see out of my right eye but not the left because there was a fucking pink cat nose against my eyeball .
not realising the cat was sitting on me i briefly thought i had went blind in one eye .
she was a great cat though probably the most intelligent i 've ever had the pleasure knowing .
it is the way all iphones work by design .
i think what you mean is i have n't noticed that it works that way '' .
surprised he 's not even on the practice squad considering we lost rodgers .
i try my best but my best is 80 mediocrity 20 hilarity .
87 is up my alley will check this one out saw some triggers that are 300 about fell outta my chair .
our society does n't like weak men and men who like men are n't considered strong .
there is n't a valid reason for it but there it is .
nope we are thinking of the same incident i got my facts wrong .
so you mean bring back pathfinder only game mode ?
hello ssmazzola and thank you for your submission to gaming pc !
if you are new please check out our rules over at the wiki here https www.reddit.com/r/gamingpc/wiki/rules !
we have recently added the useful feature of title flair !
you can set this manually by clicking flair under your post once you have submitted your post but if you missed it in the rules there is a much better way that will automatically flair your post !
to do this simply add what your post is about in brackets before your title .
for example for a build log you can type build log before your post so that it looks like this build log my new awesome build ! and the bot will automatically set your flair to build log !
this works for build log build showcase news hardware news hardware release discussion and miscellaneous !
also remember that this is a place for discussing and sharing our love of gaming computers !
this is not the place for help building or determining what parts you should buy that is better suited for r/buildapc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamingpc if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's because every one i see has clear coat failure .
it 's because the interiors and cloth had been from mid-2000s to 2-3 years ago getting/looking progressively cheap .
it is because the people that buy these cars new and used at least in my area are kinda trashy .
the knicks should not have been trying to win extra games this year given the cores timeline .
we couldve gotten vet leaders by eating as much dead salary as possible in exchange for future picks and swaps .
knox played 14 mins last night and portis a week ago was starting at center to help get randle going .
the most important thing for this season shouldve been establishing a strong environment that complimented our young cores strengths and installed a real culture/worldview premised on pace threes and defending the perimter .
instead we signed 7th men on good teams so we wouldnt be an embarrassment and have predictably fell ass backwards into tanking again which is what we shouldve been doing all along .
i believe some scientists found a frozen one and ate it .
so it 's ok to put them in solitary confinement ? ? ?
well because you prefer to defer i infer that you would concur that you feel good about the start of this game
psp are pro revolution they just decided to stay and fight .
instead of leave and allow basil to take control of everything and protect hariri
maybe performance dropped with the new content during patch testing .
th announcement said they increased platform power so we can protect without ships .
i keep getting hit by power 5x plus my power in moments after my shield goes down .
there are probably better ways to go about handling your life
a big part of the reason she gets picked on is because she was involved in petty high school drama with her friends where she was downright rude and condescending and of course the getting into university drama .
it does n't help that she says stupid things in her interviews and comes across as really tone deaf .
i will say though that she does n't look bad in this photo .
i think she does pull it off because this outfit suits skinnier body types more than bigger ones .
this outfit was more popular in 2017 i remember seeing a lot of influencers wearing a sheer top over a black bra and it usually flattered the skinnier girls .
i think she looks good here but the pose is a bit awkward .
then they 'll do a here 's everything that happened at '' and link all those articles .
i just look at those recaps if i have n't already watched the videos .
nah man still take a shot at a title if we can get it semifinal loss or not
its weird that im 15 and still feel older than half of the users
the answer to whether hk government wants a peaceful end to this revolution .
there is no use how much protesters want to end this peacefully .
iran says that it could be able to possibly recover just 2.2 billion barells of oil from that 50-billion barrel find .
depends on wether or not you could kill an enemy quick enough the poison darts do deal a lot of damage but are difficult to aim the toxic bane has the same case but has a lingering mine effect and its poison damage can not be decreased
you can literally be in a dunk animation and 2k will bring you out of it
it looks like you might be new to the sub seeing as you did n't use a tag on your post .
please take a minute to look at our rules and tags post https www.reddit.com/r/youtube/comments/cxyd4c/rules_and_how_to_post to familiarize yourself with what r/youtube is about and how to post to our community .
please note if you break our rules by abusing tagging you will be permanently banned !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube if you have any questions or concerns .
i gave my friend a life size cardboard cutout of danny devito for his birthday
we should get him a life size cutout of my friend
all you need is a bluetooth dongle and joy-cons .
it 's got a trial version so you can try it for free .
also if you 'd need any help with setup tho its as easy as connect controllers and tick a box in the driver you may want to visit driver4vr 's discord server here https discord.gg/fsgxru .
my aussie friend told me it 's slang for an aussie guy lol
i was debating putting it on my rpr but i think i 'll just put it in storage now for a future range toy .
now i just have to hope that hi-lux is willing to sell me just the mount since it came without it .
btw hickory nut gorge 's forklift ipa is pretty excellent
2 his normal soldiers ca n't do too much damage .
relatively speaking if a swarm of tie fighters was attacking them most of them will get taken out .
that 's kind of sad in the dragon ball universe .
all the hints we 've been given is that he sends a couple guys to just ravage the place until they surrender .
especially early on they would n't have the foresight to hold onto shipyards and pilots who are potential revolutionaries .
and because no one could attack his ships when they were in space he never had to confront the problem of how to deal with his ship being attacked in space .
no worries i do n't use any freertos features as the library is ported using the posix asio layer of esp-idf .
the library should run as an arduino library with no issues except that pthreads needs a larger stack size than the default arduino-esp32 configuration .
not cropping the image is the boomerest thing ever .
do n't want to be a killjoy but for whoever needs to hear this do n't leave cats and especially not kittens unsupervised with a scarf or improvised collar .
super cute for a pic possibly quite dangerous if you leave it on after .
i 'm just curious why you want to stop smelting ?
i 've got two smelters busy and am out of iron ingots to make brackets other one 's doing glass so i have to wait like a week for this one to finish to kick in iron for ingots .
ca n't make another smelter because it needs brackets ...
you look great and the blond hair suits you .
i prefer cats because they are easy to handle .
i try my best but my best is 80 mediocrity 20 hilarity .
was so happy with the work until the derp showed up at the end .
now i bet im gon na get sued by homeless man shaves you with a glass shard for ramen®
i wonder if they 're flickering in morse code the entire movie what they 'd be saying in the first half .
unfortunately your submission has been removed from r/nottheonion because our rules do not allow
articles or subjects that have been featured here before rule 5 .
for a full list of our submission rules please visit our wiki page http www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/expanded .
if you 're new to r/nottheonion you can check out nto101 an introduction to r/nottheonion https www.reddit.com/r/nottheonion/wiki/nto101 for more information on our rules and answers to frequently asked questions .
if you have any questions or concerns feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnottheonion .
please include the link to the post you want us to review .
well there was never any doubt that op is a virg tbh
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
it 's not a prison complex where you ca n't do certain hobbies .
i take that back you add as afriend then just join through y comms and then filter to only friends
my parents were in the room next to us i had to tell her to stay quiet to no avail
yup they 're usually getting their asses handed to them by and old man hah
noooo his videos are great.. make enough noise and yt will 180 any crappy decision they make .
so in an exchange of insults you are saying that it is acceptable to use prejudicial and discriminatory statements ?
but also if you can do a backup/restore from desktop to cloud key or site migration so you don '
you might want to submit a help ticket i 'm sorry i ca n't help
11/12 years old walking to high school i saw a white van go down the road and a minute later pulled up into a nearby car park and one man got out .
i picked up the pace and as soon as i lost line of sight i bolted .
i only ran for 30 seconds or so so it did n't look weird but then i saw the man turn the corner .
next time i turned a corner i ran to the shops near by then started walking normally .
i saw him stop at the main road then headed back .
well how was the data gathered what did the data gatherers control for ?
you can not interpret the data if you can not verify the quality of it .
you need definitive answers for this before you can as any questions do n't you agree ?
those scores looks way unrealistic that 's why i 'm asking .
the paid membership in pocket camp is probably a last ditch effort to try and make pocket camp profitable .
the fortune cookie gacha is never worth pulling and there 's almost no reason to buy leaf tickets otherwise .
nevermind i 'm an idiot and did n't realize the grooves were on the clear plastic shell and not the pods lol .
a guy i work with never ever lets a woman go through a door after him and i love him for it .
you simply kill all raiders there and once cleared out can retake it .
before you do this remove any turrets you may have placed down .
simply to make your life easier when retaking them .
do watch for it not clearing though some raiders are cowards and will run !
as for preston he wont like you anymore and you can not have him as a companion .
but you can still do the minutemen ending of the main quest as he will allow the minutemen to help you .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
sitting in our house during a storm and we heard a sudden rushing freight train sound .
i yelled for my wife to grab the kids and we got in the middle of the house bathroom .
luckily the tornado did n't affect our area although it did mess up some businesses further down the road but i knew what that sound was .
the red beret is a little cherry on top 🥺
fuck no ..remember none of these pussies can the alpha '' rogan flat out admits all the time that he tried real work for 1 summer and was never able to do it .
is it a bad idea to edit a submission i want to edit the description while it 's in voting ?
i just means that you bought it during the presale .
first of all decide whether these classes of problems fit or not is not essential to the problem it can be seen as a matter of opinion .
it can seem counterintuitive at first but i 'll try to explain .
the reason is that 1 is the multiplicative identity .
you can always tack on another 1 to a multiplication .
the sane definition is that it equals 1 this is why 0 !
another justification is by isomorphism to the other np complete problems .
if you allow a single element to sum that 's exactly equivalent to the trivial sat problem translation .
if you do n't allow this you have to jump through a bunch of hoops instead .
it 's like saying 1 is a prime number '' it makes all of your other definitions have a bunch of exceptions .
and yes a subset sum solver should accept a target of 2 when its set contains 2 because 0 is the additive identity and the empty sum .
amazing and interesting site might think about taking a dive into 3d programming after i learn more html css because of this looks really fun in execution
it might be that you are missing a set of parentheses .
since sec x 1/cos x this is solved by distributing the 1/cos x and recognizing that sin x cos x tan x
why are you not willing to do cross multiplication ?
to solve math problems you solve it you can not avoid methods if they are the proper ones to use to aid the solution .
i found that their liquid lip products did n't last that long for me even though they felt and looked nice !
i might check out the airy sticks and see if they work better for me .
but the original quote is the blood of the covenant is thicker than the water of the womb '' .
meaning those bonds made in battle are greater than birth bonds .
this is honestly ... . pretty evil to do .
if you do n't care about this kind of thing why are you even playing games on pc instead of consoles ?
mine works just sounds like were talking through a mcdonald 's drive thru headset
the thing is we do n't have much pokemon on lgpe to farm 😭 but yeah after pokemon home launch it will be much easier as we can receive mystery gifts within like 15 mins not sure how fast exactly though on sw/sh as well .
only event meowth can dynamax so if you plan to ever get sw/sh in the future it 's better to get them now .
i lost motivation and did n't get s/m as i lost all my self redeemed 1000 events and months later i regret not playing early as i could n't get munchlax and mew crystal and other numerous events
also ot/id is not preset and it 'll be trainer 's like launch rockruff .
so that makes the meowth somewhat valuable and different from other events too .
se te preocupa o restante da vida terrestre a extinção da humanidade é bem negativa no geral .
podemos ser bastante nocivos no momento mas num futuro distante somos a única chance da vida terrestre única conhecida no universo até então sobreviver ao crescimento do sol ou algum outro evento cósmico .
the only people i saw say rudolph started it was max and then another dude on espn but i do n't know his name .
maybe the pantheon does n't exist 20 years later for exiles .
maybe poe 2 introduces a totally different type of defensive buff available much like those of the pantheon in campaign 1 .
as are any specific meta elements of the game ...
what do you mean nuking the nukeproof whitesprings resort is n't cannon ?
it may also result in them being confiscated by the school and if the father does n't know about them he does n't know they 're missing .
it 's absolutely inexcusable to may a young child responsible for managing their dosage and frequency for any sort of drug let alone one that has terrible withdrawal/overdose side effects .
yeah in big plays i still like it but on normal fumbles where the guy was barely hit it really seems unnecessary
my heart breaks for all the pain he 's in and i know the wonderful person he is when he 's not drinking .
and i love myself too much to live that life .
just because i am neutral on reddit does not mean i am anti hong kong .
the hong kong people want peace and resumption of order .
i have a non english dubwool if that helps ?
sure but they can expect to be hated and boycotted by us .
it 's our money we can do what we want with it .
which is why i am turning to the collective wisdom of reddit .
to be honest i 'm not really sure why i 'm doing some consulting work for the company as an onsite technician and this was just kind of dropped in my lap .
going to be recommending some serious overhaul of the permissions .
we highly discourage posts recruiting or targeting women from those who identify as male .
as this is a subreddit specifically for women men using this subreddit to lfg is explicitly disallowed .
there are other subreddits that are open to lfg from everyone but this is not one of them .
if you private message anyone further you will be banned .
to me that video displays that the movement is lacking in direction and leadership .
my point still stands the idea of a hong kong free from chinese oppression is still a valid goal .
i do n't like the show but a while ago my friends were super into it and lent me some cosplays from it so i could go to cons back then i did n't have any costumes .
teenage girls followed us pestered us tried to hug us screamed at us ... holy fucking christ they were so fucking irritating that i wanted to drop kick them all the way to canada .
as an early adopter/beluever '' of km and who has the likes of many of the other god tier champs he 's still my go-to .
his built in physical resistance alone has saved me many a fight .
there 's not many champs out there who can tank an l3 and still have 30 health left .
ha ur assuming ima have a family and thats where ur wrong
vince better back up the brinks truck for io if money can make her happy she is fucking mezmorizing as a heel and so fucking creepy how she does that twitchy silent hill type leg over the rope while throwing her head back thing in her entrance .
she and charlotte/asuka/sasha would put on some absolute bangers .
people think andy reid will be in the hof and he 's never accomplished anything carroll has
submission removed automatically because your account is brand new .
if you are a legitimate user please message the mods and we may approve your post manually .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ipad if you have any questions or concerns .
see 5 under abridged rules in the right column .
does my heart good to see that someone remembers breath of fire 2 because capcom sure does n't ... .unless it 's as a costume for street fighter v .
at this point there 's no way it 's not tommy .
if you do need to replace it on your own look for sti control arms they are aluminum .
the numbered titles are popular in japan as for the others i 'm not sure .
i figured it would be good to mix in sand due to them being from an arid climate but i read a lot of mixed opinions .
are there any particular soil and sand that you recommend ?
you should try working in a job where they 're short staffed .
i 'm pretty sure i could kill someone and they 'd let me work while i 'm out on bond .
hell they might pay my bond if i 'll work extra .
bought these for my wife but they do n't fit .
original price and size chart can be found here https tateandyoko.com/products/super-guy-majin-buu-innocent-selvedge ? pos=3 sid=d25107c81 ss=r variant=29132711100490 .
because without context and teaching kids and younger generations wont know what it is except for an edgy symbol of hate .
on playgrounds and schools while holding no antisemitic views ?
because they 've been shown the symbol out of context without knowing what it means withhout being taught what exactly they are saying .
i think to censor it in public or on a casual level gives it power .
it could eventually turn into the anarchy symbol or the nword which you see and hear everywhere and they at this point dont evoke much personal response .
but a swastikas still kind of hits you and makes you pay direct attention .
it 's not something many people just brush off without a second thought .
you know what it means and where it came from and who you you are seen as when you uphold it .
whether you think this is a good or bad thing in my opinion i think it 's important to keep it sacred '' for lack of a better word
it would n't have been smart to try to force it to him .
i get heat in my civic within 2-3 minutes driving lightly with a max speed of 35 mph .
i only idle it for 10-15 seconds after starting so that i can minimize the rpm of the engine before oil has begun fully circulating .
now given this is at around 0 celsius but i do n't think its going to be anything crazy long like 7-10 minutes just because of a 10 degree difference .
because i needed more of this in my life and thought you might too
edit and the customary first gold thanks kind stranger . ''
all jokes aside this is the reason i do n't use middle tree in pve even though i love it .
you can see the damage done after the super lands its less than 10 .
meanwhile any hunter or warlock can nuke that boss with a super without getting close enough to put themselves in danger .
so disappointing that such a quality and original restaurant could n't survive in a foodie '' town like k.c .
can go from subtle grit and generally pleasant overdrive to near death metal level distortion .
i use it for emo rock in my free time and my thrash/metal band when i 'm playing live .
it has a high and low switch which changes the sound significantly as well which is awesome when it comes to versatility of sound .
pairs great with a high gain amp even better with a clean one .
highly suggest going to a music shop and trying one blends well with chorus too .
i do n't know your culture sweetie but none of this is ok. she is abusive to you .
it sounds like your husband loves and supports you so dwell on that and the baby .
you are doing the right thing standing up for yourself and your baby .
it 's not the same 2 completely different brewing processes
there 's a big difference between a revolutionary war like hungary and a massive protest like hong kong .
shit bolivia and chile are more like the beginnings of the 1956 revolution than hong kong is .
the quarterback hands it off it 's run up the middle and stopped at the syracuse 33 .
it 's 3rd and 2. ! https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20gainrunpositive message=the 20quarterback 20hands 20it 20off 2c 20it 27s 20run 20up 20the 20middle 2c 20and 20stopped 2c 20at 20the 20 7byardline 7d. 20a 20run 20of 20 7byards 7d 20yard 28s 29. 20it 27s 20 7bdown 7d 20and 20 7byardsleft 7d .
it 's 3rd and 2 on the syracuse 33 .
matt kenseth hunting brad keselowski down after their charlotte tangle .
look we already death penalty 'd smu we cant do that to texas again .
i would say take away their top pick at the very least for 2-3 years plus hit them with additional restrictions to draft bonus pool on top of not getting the money from losing a first rounder and international restrictions ala the braves punishment also for 2-3 years .
and that 's on top of punishments against players coaches employees and front offices .
a lot of that depends on how high up this goes or at least how high they can prove it goes .
yeah i did 60 layers got me about 220kmu total .
then later i saw in comms a player in a city not to far away did one layer for 60kmu .
someone 's going to say i 'm just a apologist but i 'm actually starting to wonder if there was n't just some miscommunication somewhere along the line .
since they forgot or whatever happened to announce this change in japan but said they were n't reusing in america and else where .
seems like whoever the pr person is that came up with the no reuse '' thing did n't know what they were talking about and should 've asked a 3d modeler from the studio instead .
all that aside though swsh is n't that bad of a game .
sure i wish they 'd put more work into some animations and maybe some voices but with a few friends it 's really fun .
though i wish i did n't make the mistake of wanting to play in jp as a side-quest of my own for a second save because i feel like death now
it was ordered for glock 19 with no optic cut .
okay i googled it out of curiosity and on google it said does your rabbit have dust mites ? and it kinda freaked me out lol
i have a lot of scars do to acne and picking maybe just to stop yourself from being able to scratch at your skin
you have until 11/19 03:35 am est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20191119t083558 .
it 's 1st and 10 on the fordham 25 .
u/wheelchairjoseph reply with run or pass and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' dw2x4i ''
i 'm currently reading that and i feel like the romans still need a lot of character development and some solid backstory .
if rick had written a separate series for the romans like he did for the greeks and then if he had written the heroes of olympus then it would 've been so cool .
i feel like he just rushed most parts as in like you got ta develop the individuals first so that we 're invested in them before they team up .
it 's restating a basic fact that seemed to confuse you .
your views on ad hominem are irrelevant because you have n't had formal logic training .
i would be will to try and talk about it but there would be no way to actually explain what the whole thing was like .
it 's more of just something you have to try to the best of your ability .
in high school this new girl in our school bus was quite disrespectful .
i did n't care but my best friend being protective she is asked her to apologize to me .
she did n't they started to shout at each other then fists .
i was actually trying to end their fight along with the school bus driver and one boy but she basically threw punches at all of us .
but they have no connection with the players in fallen order
did n't obama indirectly create isis and also drone strikes ?
im not defending trump by any means but obama was n't better .
trump was the first president in history to get into north korean soil literally .
idk about you but i think that 's a huge step forward towards peace
so is the fact that the enemy tends to move .
accuracy against cavalry is n't that bad so long as cavalry are moving predictably as horses tend to do .
han chinese crossbow men formations devastated nomadic cavalry even when they were firing on the gallop .
the key is that the archer needs to actually see the target .
she 's under an abusive conservatorship and her visitation rights have decreased because of her father .
i distinctly heard amin al hassan say on espn la that the lakers would be a terrible defensive team and that the clippers would be arguably the greatest defensive team in nba history .
there 's no way some dude who worked for the suns once could be wrong .
thank god someone 's not taking a wild-ass guess !
and bold of you to assume we ca n't be gfs 😌
add myself and two sons l. 4132 2274 3198 .
eh not really i think she broke up with me because i was really damn sad all the time
some guy called the school in the middle of the day and said he 'd be coming in to shoot everyone .
lockdown happened basically every cop in the county showed up guy never came .
they traced his number back to him arrested him before the school day ended .
so basically i got to take a nap in study hall for like 3 hours instead of for the usual 45 minutes because nobody told us what was actually going on .
soloq winrates are n't a blanket way of analysing how a champion needs to be balanced .
the problem is that people do n't exploit his weaknesses which is a problem with the players not the champion .
this is the most time i ever saw a person get for raping someone ... good .
the line width indicates the seperation of the lines in cura so if it 's higher they 're farther apart .
cura also increases the amount of extrusion to accommodate the extra volume it has to fill
in 4.3 you can set the individual flow characteristics to increase the fill a little
those teeth look like something out of a sci-fi horror ...
remember those pieces of artwork they did for each episode last season that were almost like comic book covers ?
sorry forgot to ask your permission to visit subs of the games i do n't play anymore/yet .
in some other pokemon games iv is going up some others game pokemon is evolving during transfer to another player and in pogo iv change it goes up or down .
buying a single investment property for 400k as many people would do is far more risky as far as i am concerned .
i do n't pay that much attention to uk politics .
they want to be like us here in the us ?
just found out u have to complete the special rewards games as well .
really nice setup i do like the lights behind the bed
uh funny seeing you here but definitely not you wild g
here is the worlds smallest violin playing the worlds saddest song just for her .
if man could take care of things on his own god would not have had to make him a helpmate .
solomon fell out of favor with god due to his desire to have so many wives .
if it was n't for a woman moses would have been killed by god .
zipporah his wife saved his life when god was going to strike him dead .
abraham would have blessed the wrong child if it was n't for his wife sara stepping up and telling him that isaac was who god 's promise would fall upon and not ishmael .
also the same would have happened and jacob would have blessed esau if rebecca his wife had not intervened .
i think the reason you are single is obvious .
you have no respect or honor for women but perceive them as objects for your sexual pleasure .
you will pay big for dishonoring god 's women .
one time i was arguing with my step aunt and her husband and i told that bitch that 's why you 're broke and living in our house '' and her husband gets in my face and is like she ai n't broke .
and i was stumped bc i ai n't got a job i won tf out of the entire argument in the end tho
but anyways i wish i would have remembered that those motherfuckers sold their kid 's birthday gift card from his grandfather to buy drugs my step aunts broke ass cant even afford cigarettes so she goes to the gas station and picks up the rest of people 's smoked cigarettes off the ground all the money they do happen to get comes from the government and they was begging everyone in my family for 90 cents two days before that argument and guess who tf was the one to give it to them .
with a few exceptions everything is viable at all times depending on your build .
weapons like the ladle or the broken straight sword are obviously not intended to be used as a weapon unless you want a challenge .
higher defense comes at the cost of investment into vitality so do heavy weapons .
there are those who are smart enough to not be caught even with modern day science .
sadly it will have to be an act of luck/god a victim gets away or a random variable he does n't account for becomes his downfall .
unlikely if he 's been doing it successfully for this long but we can hope .
i 'd like to invest in a telescope one of these days something to try and get a better look at stuff up there .
i have never lived anywhere that i did n't meet people through going out and doing the things i enjoy skateboarding cycling climbing .
you‘re both an unhappy human and a happy pig .
i think the biggest insight is that you do n't climb when you improve your skills .
you climb when you improve faster than the players at your rank .
a gold player now is way better than gold players from 2 years ago .
so to climb you need one or several of those three
give you a special advantage teach yourself from pro videos take a coach do pugs etc .
you are perfectly preportioned amazing boobs with great nipples and that thigh gap !
so i can pay right away and get them immediately or if i decide to pause because i do n't want them i just need to do it before the automatic payment takes place ?
and once the payment is done i have immediate access .
u/hotel6 your submission has been automatically removed because this subreddit does not allow the posting of singles videos freestyles instrumentals advertising memes blogspam or promotion of any kind by anybody .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makinghiphop if you have any questions or concerns .
here are a few tips to minimize your risks when trading in let 's go pikachu/eevee !
most scammers place other users in private situations to avoid having their actions seen in public .
also note that for your trade to count for flair every part of the conversation should be public so that all details can be confirmed .
since another random player can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner is using it is important that you double check that you are trading with the right person .
if you are trading shiny pokémon please make sure that your post and other users ' offers contain the full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules .
this is to provide more visibility so you know how the pokémon you are trading for was obtained .
if you see any posts that do not have the full details please report it so that the moderators can be aware of the situation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
they actually threw the food at you or they just pushed it towards you with thinly-veiled hostility ?
if it 's the former yes we do have a problem and i think you 'd better call the cops .
there are big-ass cameras everywhere and any employee assaulting any customer should be prepared to lose their job and possibly some time and money .
they can trespass you off store property but not before you request the officers secure the evidence of illegal conduct so you can file a police report to let the da decide whether to press charges .
be cool about it no raised voices no thrown hands and blacklist them anyways because you will be harassed every time you step foot in that store for any reason .
get corporate involved if you intend to go back and hope the media gets wind of some entitled douchebag assaulting an underpaid courier because they take class warfare as an early christmas present .
just being an asshole though is n't a cringe .
edit is n't a crime but i found the juxtaposition funny so it stays .
at least you got a benefit from putting your money in the bank
offering and fielding offers on a non-trade thread is not permitted .
this includes but is not limited to sending a trade offer adding the user private messaging the user or commenting to express interest .
sharking is not tolerated here and any attempt made will result in a permanent ban .
please refer to our subreddit 's rules as well if you have any doubts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/globaloffensivetrade if you have any questions or concerns .
why does sprite want me to think about this degeneracy when i want to buy a nice drink ?
baffles me about the reviews so many of them are great game even though i ca n't play it past the first 100 years ! ''
or never finished a match but wow what a game ! ''
my friends would be super pissed if i told them to drop money on the game in it 's current state i 'd be super pissed if i believed the reviews and could never finish a proper game .
but you said stop for the time being and see where it goes.. make sure you change that thought a little to ‘stop for good ' !
do n't even consider it as temporary or a trial .
everything else seems to suggest that you 're on the right path you have been to the bottom enough times like many of us .
we can all help each other whether it 's advice or sharing our own horror stories .
when you say once ‚yes‘ to their points which they have a million for they‘re crushing you with all this shit amount of ‚logic‘ they have so you have no room left to prove anything .
71 of russians are identify as orthodox christians so you 'd be wrong there bud .
it takes a complex and heterogeneous condition depression and boils it down to a simple imbalance of two to three neurotransmitters out of more than 100 that have been identified which as it happens can be 'corrected ' by long-term drug treatment .
this clear and easy-to-follow theory is the driving force behind the 12 billion worth of antidepressant drugs sold each year .
however there is one rather large problem with this theory there is absolutely no evidence to support it .
recent reviews of the research have demonstrated no link between depression or any other mental disorder and an imbalance of chemicals in the brain lacasse leo 2005 valenstein 1998 .
the ineffectiveness of antidepressant drugs when compared to placebo cast even more doubt on the 'chemical imbalance ' theory .
see my recent articles placebos as effective as antidepressants and a closer look at the evidence for more on this . ''
do n't say that depression is caused by a chemical imbalance https www.google.com/amp/s/www.psychologytoday.com/us/blog/words-matter/201808/dont-say-depression-is-caused-chemical-imbalance 3famp
antidepressants and mood stabilizing drugs do something that psychotherapy can not they provide relatively rapid relief of the painful and debilitating symptoms of depression and stabilize otherwise dangerously labile mood swings .
does this prove that depression is primarily a biological disease ?
it only demonstrates that we have fortunately found biochemical means to counteract and control the most acute symptoms of depression sleep and appetite disturbance lack of motivation apathy depressed or manic moods anxiety suicidality etc .
but as dr. kramer acknowledges in his recent post even when the symptoms of depression are mitigated by medication the underlying depressive condition evidently remains rendering even medicated patients susceptible to future episodes .
more than half of those suffering a first major depressive episode are likely to experience subsequent episodes at some time .
the probability of recurrence increases dramatically 90 after three such episodes .
it seems to suggest the presence of something biochemical treatment does n't resolve .
it is the figurative heart of the hydra . ''
thus i submit that depression is not a disease that should be treated in the same way as say diabetes which itself is known in many cases to be stress-related .
it is a biopsychosocial syndrome requiring far more than pharmacological intervention .
the unfortunate fact that most contemporary psychotherapy—including cbt—fails to penetrate to the heart of the hydra in major unipolar and bipolar depression underscores the desperate need for more effective psychotherapy rather than proving a biological cause for these devastating disorders . ''
charles leclerc the swan has turned into an ugly duckling ''
i ca n't pet the shit out of you without getting closer . ''
they where popular in the old days of social media .
he makes viable trade product and sets up camp once a month or something
trying slowing down literally and mentally relax and remember the game is meant to be enjoyed .
start of the game try to keep it very simple get some early touches and do the simple things 100 right .
maybe do n't dribble play the ball on only 2 touches even if it means going right back to the passer .
from there you 'll start to ease into the game and get a rhythm .
keep your head up and look at what 's going on around you then you have an idea of who 's around what your options are when the ball comes to you .
this lets you play quicker and take the right option .
practice the same things over and over until you can do it 10/10 times just simple things like passing to a target 10 yards away or a turn or a specific touch to receive the ball .
build that muscle memory and confidence that you can do it .
probably for managers only since they 're releasing a manager only app
it 's been out of control for years jagex is powerless against bots .
back in the day we had bot nuke '' days and lots of bots were banned idk did that help tho but why they dont do that for osrs too ?
i know they 're banning lots of bots everyday but that wont help when thousands of venezuelans are making multiple new bots everyday .
whole osrs team should just focus on banning bots for the next 6 months and try to implement a way to block them somehow .
the get woke go broke '' crowd is celebrating charlie 's angel failure as a personal victory .
i 'm just the war photographer shooting the scene .
but got ta admit smith was the main draw .
the problem with that is that our cities suck on every index of urban development .
it would have been easier to emulate chinese model than to try and make existing things work .
currently the state our cities are in you just ca n't do things like make them autonomous regions because states would n't agree you increase the paperwork and decrease the efficiency and there 's development related limitations .
it is but you 're screaming into the void here my dude .
this sub is 70 female between the ages of 18-27 so you have 0 chance of having a good faith conversation on this sub .
as far as i remember i too had an old romset and then kept updating the emulator through the years .
maybe you 're missing bios files which also are in zip format .
so that 's how they test for wine quality !
seems like that puts an asterisk on 2018 too .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fragilewhiteredditor if you have any questions or concerns .
luckily i rolled the dice when buying a bunch of ps1 games and ended having one that worked .
unfortunately some games do n't play nice with the emulator though
i 'd love to enter your chamber of secrets .
my basilisk is ready to move in your tunnels .
please they are very fragile call them porcelain americans instead .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fragilewhiteredditor if you have any questions or concerns .
wiz used to answer big posts in the subreddit .
about to take a fat ass dab and ignore these texts from my boss asking me if i can work today and that if i get ot it 's okay .
they had us in the first half i 'm not gon na lie
its an app and we already got the website up and pay/geolocation platform up .
when its go time ima post right here and let yall when to hop on .
all ima say is if you in the east coast bos-wash corridor just send me a dm saying you are in the corridor do n't need to know exact city but yea tristate new england just send me a dm saying you somewhere there so i can get a headcount .
when the originals came out fox was n't super successful .
they did n't have anything like x-men or anything else .
i expect star wars to start when i see the old logo .
i associated it more with star wars than fox .
one bridge that is a bridge at mamas lab is at 1m likes
hmm actually not that bad idea but it would be not that easy to balance .
main problem is that if you overtune it then low skill players will hate bows while high tier will still have 100 hit chance by using some stupid powerful items while other way around there would be no impact .
i think better approach would be to simply lower damage less multiplier of arrow depending on travel distance do not affect falling bow skills or secondary effects of bow skills .
things like far shot would lower that effect while point blank would heavily increase it .
that damage decrease could be of logarithm function where just after off screen corner of screen you would have 0 damage .
far shot would increase that distance only not more damage where point blank would decrease and give damage multiplier .
rebuild database is always worth a shot asides that cleaning the fan .
most of those champions are not made to be appealing to women urgot really ? .
most straight women are n't into the pure beefcake muscle abs out '' design that 's a sort of design made as a power fantasy for men more than anything .
women usually prefer male character designs that are a little more feminine .
u/animaticlunatic brought up fire emblem which is a good example .
fe has a really big female playerbase and a not insignificant part of that is because its male characters actually appeal to women .
you get character designs like this https fireemblemwiki.org/w/images/thumb/9/9d/portrait_felix_02_fe16.png/200px-portrait_felix_02_fe16.png and this https vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/fireemblem/images/2/21/ferdinand_portrait_5_years.png/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/185 ? cb=20190723212047 rather than big burly braum types and that 's what a lot of straight women like .
my bits are tired and sore after the first ...
i dunno i 'm ready to tap out after 3-4 .
what 's actually scary is that nearly 63m people voted to hand limitless power to a declining racist silverspoon fuckboi ... and those people are n't going to be impeached excommunicated or face any consequence for their stupid spiteful decisions .
just want to clarify now you feel that in addition to medical care cosmetic procedures are also a human right ?
schools have to follow ferpa as well so releasing any information about students is against the law .
meteor of this size would collapse to black hole i suppose .
horde and alliance to simply keep walking past each other when you can get honor and get gear for killing opposing faction players ?
of course people are going to group up and aim to over power whoever they meet .
would you like to work from home selling avon products ?
i will argue that it 's worse because there 's a mismatch between the intent behind the jail change and the actual change itself .
while the jail concept succeeded at keeping the game fresher day after day our initial implementation made it so certain alliances were overly punished scrappies/inventors while some others assassins where virtually unaffected most of the time .
up to 3 heroes from a single alliance can be banned .
this means that some days certain alliances wo n't be fully completable this will be displayed in the ingame alliance ui
the jail disproportionately punished certain alliances over others for a variety of reasons .
however it seems like the answer is to ... officially ban certain alliances ?
so what are the reasons that led to certain alliances were overly punished '' ?
let 's look at the example provided by the devs assassins vs inventors
first alliance sizes 8 assassin units 9 with old morph vs 5 inventors
assassins have 3x tier 1 1x tier 2 used to be 2 with morph 2x tier 3 1x tier 4 1x ace
a single inventor ban removes 20 of the alliance pool .
meanwhile an assassin ban barely affected the pool as a whole with 8 other available assassins .
with an equal amount of bans smaller alliances suffer more from jailing than bigger ones
the floor for building assassins and the repartition of units make it much more accessible than inventors but if you also look at inventors a single ban could leave you with only tier 3 and aces making the alliance nearly impossible to build .
jailing different tier of units does not affect alliances in the same way .
a tier 1 ban can be much more debilitating than an ace ban
there are as many examples of this as there are 4/5 unit alliances vs 8/9 unit alliances .
finally within alliances there are balance disparities resulting in key units '' that can make or break the viability of entire alliances .
banning those key units could singlehandedly destroy an alliance like for example kotl in mages .
everyone says its from when you beat all the pantheons with all the bindings
im not gon na play reckoning tho mislabeled my title
i know what it 's like to hate yourself .
i want to let you know that even the darkest nights will become day .
try talking about how you feel with people you trust a lot
hi all i am currently studying in barcelona but am originally from texas .
i am visiting my family in germany this weekend and i would like to bring them some typical catalan or spanish christmas foods and desserts .
does anyone have any suggestions of what to bring/where to get it ?
i dont side with those who use a slur to offend either .
i think if someone does say such things we should n't make a huge fuss over an insult .
doing so only brings power to the person saying it with intent to cause emotional harm .
call someone a cracker if you want it 's just an insult .
people are upset over that because of the hypocrisy .
the same people on this sub that call whites crackers believe saying nigger is the most cardinal of all sins .
then again i guess you would have to believe institutional racism is still a thing in the western world to somehow justify the hypocrisy .
and you will forever be stuck and eventually die .
i will have more control over it cant actually say if i would buy more i think an hp value would be better for me with a percentage of every body part
why do n't you make a iap if you like the game ?
why do n't you support the game instead of wining about the auto play ads ?
the thing that happened recently was on a stream with a black friend/streamer who was confronting him about his private use .
he uses it in jokes and things like that .
not necessarily as a slur but in the height of edgy humor .
the black friend was pretty much in tears about it and about how he 's not sure they can still be friends .
he talks about how nobody has a right to regulate what he says in private .
like i get the extreme libertarian freedom argument around it but it 's critically lacking a human element .
like if a friend came to be because they did n't like the way i said apple '' in private conversation i would n't even understand where they 're coming from .
but if it 's important enough to that person and it 's a friendship i want to maintain i would at least attempt to change what i say and how i say it .
the worst was i had a mission where a lance of c4 catapults showed up as reinforcements to a lance of black knights that were in water .
i had to restart that mission 5 times to beat it cause i was being shredded so bad
when i used defit i had it max speed and set on human my phone is a razer phone .
my brother has a s9 and it does n't work and he 's tried everything .
have you got a fitness app installed just so you can check it is actually adding steps
with the character glenn was he deserved it a death having more impact than dying because of some asshole who could n't take the stress of and decided to give up .
mate nobody gives a shit stop posting about this .
in my day cigarettes were 5 cents and on the top shelf both ways
josh allen is in a 4 way tie for 5th place in rushing tds this year and has an additional 13 tds through the air .
his first year as definitive starter he has shoulder the weight of a very green offense .
something i think people have n't really been think about enough all of this teams high end talent is at the start of their nfl careers aside from brown and gore .
singletary knox ford are all rookies more or less starting at key positions on an offense with 9 new starters .
and you know what we 're fucking 7-3 headed into the final stretch of the season off a strong win .
six straight games with 2 tds he has n't had an int in 5 weeks .
i think my point is josh allen is good and if you ca n't enjoy the ride the what 's the fucking point in being a fan .
he 's entertaining and electric when given the keys to the offense just right now this team needs experience to level up .
and yet not a foot of it has been put in the ground yet .
that was just a political move to try and gain votes out here clearly that backfired on him .
i got a stormbeard and a pateint cyber one after another
it is difficult to let go of family especially of you have no other support network .
i watched one sister disappear into a fairly bad case of ptsd with schizophrenia another has struggled with drug abuse and a tumor behind her eye my father is estranged and basically abandoned us as kids anyway and recently i have decided to cut off contact with my mother for the way we both communicate with each other ... but i an lucky to have a very supportive wife helping me work through my challenges .
for me the numb is probably disconnecting from my emotions to avoid the pain at losing family i 've had enough pain in my life that i really do n't want to feel it .
it is also preventing anger the anger i feel at what goes unacknowledged from our past .
i do n't want to be angry or hate family .
the relief i feel is being away from a 'toxic ' situation .
it is the relief that comes from being in a place where i can continue to heal and grow into a healthier person .
it is relief that comes from understanding that i needed to let go of a hurtful past .
from here i get to move on to forgiveness .
it is important to note that forgiving to me does n't mean accepting it means letting go of the anger so the past can no longer control me .
one thing my trauma has shaped me on is relationships .
we do not choose family and society says we should live our family .
i do unconditionally but again that does not mean i am required to let them be involved in my life or accept them .
to me the real relationships are the ones that are loving by choice not by blood .
friendships while transitory are far more meaningful and valuable to me .
it means something when someone chooses to love me over feeling obligated to love me ... and i get this a lot with my wife .
she chose to make me family and i chose her our bond is that much stronger .
i mentioned relationships as i hope you have friends and loved ones that you forged into family and if you do n't at the moment may you find them in the future .
it is hard to love family and forgive them and yet understand that it is best to not have them in your life .
it is hard to lose your social safety net '' but when you realize that it was n't a net but the barbed wire of a ww1 battlefield that had trapped you you become relieved when you develop a real safety net .
i wo n't lie and say it is all better now .
there will be a lot of future doubt anger pain and remorse .
it will probably get worse before it gets better and then worse again a few times more but at least you are working towards a path on which you can heal .
if you are like me there will be the hope that you can help others and save '' them from what you know is happening ... but in the end you can only be there with an open hand for those that reach for it .
be ready to be there should someone go grasping but also be ready to have that hand slapped at instead of ever reached for .
i do think goodson getting injured had something to with it but starting with the final drive of the 2nd half we definitely turtled a bit .
you just need to realize that other people might not care about the same things you do .
my roommate bought the yearlong package so of course !
use bakkesmod to reset the ball in front of you to make it easier .
it 's just like a thing my brain kinda does all on its own .
i kinda wish i could turn it off sometimes honestly ... heh .
that looks like it could totally be worth at least 2 .
hopefully i 'll actually have some spare time to read in sometime soon .
deft re-signs with dragonx https korizon.net/deft-re-signs-with-dragonx previously known as kingzone dragonx
the mosin with the monte carlo stock is great maybe the archangel stock if i 'm feeling generous on my cheap runs lmao
they only ones that helped me was my aunt she 's dead now and some of my friends
late to the party but i think i have something .
it 's reminiscent of sharpay evans ' song fabulous in high school musical 2 here https www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/highschoolmusicalcast/fabulous.html is a link to the full lyrics but i 'm specifically thinking of the chorus which goes as follows
all things fabulous bigger and better and best i need something inspiring to help me get along i need a little fabulous is that so wrong ?
for a ballet studio that i imagine is full of young girls i have no trouble seeing how that song would be popular among frequenters .
i agree with you i dont think its super necessary to jump ship to the newest jailbreak when uncover is fine on my old ass iphone .
its like everyone forgot the months we ate from 3.0.0betas to 3.7.0b3 .
what lol ok booty you must be better because youe willing to murder innocents in the name of oil .
we put bin laden at the seat of power .
id rather be a wise man than a fool .
i feel bad for all those who lost their lives out there for a meaningless powergrab of resources .
i feel even worse for the innocent families murdered by our people .
that sub hilarious its own name now a husk of what its intentions were and the complete let down it happened to be .
does n't stop them from any day now ! ! ! ! ''
milk and honey by rupi kaur a little more contemporary and free verse .
going through old scenes and oh boy everything feels like it has a new meaning now .
some altered abomination of a 1911 that has god weeping and browning rolling in his grave
he looks like he just told the punchline of the world 's best dad joke .
i just got my so to switch providers as she was paying double what i pay and got half the data i got it 's insane what these companies will charge people .
that 's awesome to hear i 'm glad i posted lol i was about to buy another pair and hope they were better
cowboy junkies a horse in the country https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=-ltimtdhcyi ?
build things get tired save game go to creative fill everything with tnt repeat next year .
will this effect any other switch games/other downloads etc or just swsh related ?
yet nothing was said about the other 3 rape attempts or rape opportunities in the case of tyrion i mentioned ... hmmm ...
piece by piece generally by gator clips and blutac or something along those lines
i hop into a casual and get voted to kick instantly .
she 's really nice to me and has incredibly supportive since we broke up and i 'm amazed we 're still friends .
and troy is a first ballot hall of famer .
adam 's may never take that additional step you forget how insane troy was bro .
the pain is the instantaneous nerf to nova warp the only thing that the warlocks actually got out of 3 years was shutdown in a month .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
i pray that your hard times are short springboards that will propel you into long moments of true joy .
thank you for sharing your experiences it 's fascinating how much change can happen within a lifetime .
im no pro evaluator but watching bush year after year at michigan he just jumps off the page as the clear best player on that top michigan defense .
good players fit in any scheme you make sure they do .
were n't the initial goalposts that you thought venezuela was socialist ?
then i used an allegory from a similar command economy south korea to show that many capitalist nations employ similar methods ?
i also gave you my sources a cambridge economist from sk who studied under a nobel laureate in economics you 're just too lazy to google .
next up there is new research indicating that people that are in chronic pain all the time live less than people without chronic pain .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
is this a joke i do n't get and therefore i will be put on r/woooosh against my will ?
opengear might have what you need we use them all over the world .
imagine spending trillions of dollars to replace one bullshit government with another .
holy fuck that closed on sunday performance was amazing .
man i thought ali was paying that girl to promote khabib and now that he does n't need it she 's gone .
hey boss i believe i deserve a 10 raise because of xyz ''
well u/johnbrownisdaddy i can appreciate that but our budget for the year would only allow me to give you 5 ''
our competitor is offering me 7.5 more than i make now can you match that ? ''
it 's something that everyone who works rather than being a socialist leech on society has experienced at some point in time .
that 's how you solve the conflict between an employer wanting to pay you as little as possible and you wanting to earn as much as possible .
you know i had it maxed the passive was making these drops but it never occurred to me to equip it to double the income .
it has nothing to do with whether i agree with him or not it is the truth .
would you care to elaborate on the reasons of prostesting that makes the protestors have the right to be fighting and why would it make it morally correct ?
i broke my first inflow pipe not a skimmer one and it turned into a whole ordeal which ended with me losing a fish and was a bit heart-breaking ... . but i still replaced it with the glass skimmer lmao the skimmer part itself is plastic and very easy to clean !
the steel would be nice because you would n't see algae on the inside where it is hard to clean out .
no floaters in this tank they def would get stuck to it but unless you have really small floaters like duckweed it should be the end of the world .
https www.amazon.com/gp/product/b01lz2dv9w/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o05_s00 ? ie=utf8 psc=1 this is the one i have
and this has to do with digital nomadism exactly how ?
check the cta 's website for information about accessibility at clinton .
you can also find info about fares/payment method there .
you do n't even got ta take it if you graduated there .
hey glad to have been able to help with the temporary solutions .
once again i recommend you check back on the post as i will keep updating it as i get more information !
and it 's another reason why i called her a provocateur .
it 's a sad state that so many media 's are agenda 'd i honestly hate the left vs right divisive shit going on in the states and try to stay unbiased as i can minus a few jokes at whoever 's expense i do lean a bit .
there 's a lot of common ground between the two but unfortunately most of them seem to focus on the differences the negatives .
between you and me and anyone who reads this i 'm all about individualism fiscal government and liberating social freedoms .
fuck identity politics i 'm just a dude with an opinion who wants people to be happy
i dont know about all travel partners but the one i have used only gave me the festival ticket at the festival when i arrived with the travel partner bus probably to prevent people buying the travel package only for the ticket
maybe one of them can play qb for you guys .
one big plus is that the bears 1st round pick should be high so you guys can get one on the draft
i 'm not familiar with os x but try users your_user_name library/application support/kodi/addons
agree itachi does everything with a reason and it makes him really cool and mysterious
wow more name calling you must really have a point to prove .
you said something and got called out move on or continue name calling behind a screen doesnt harm me either way .
yeah ihav is great i order most of my habanos from them .
i ordered a random box of monte 4 's a couple months back and they were from 2010 and in perfect condition so hopefully your hoyo 's are good too .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tankporn if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm upset punk was never able to hit the gts in the octagon
wotc does n't like looter scooter because of how easy it is to slot into any deck .
it limits deck building by creating an always right choice .
that 's a big reason preordained and ponder are banned in modern but not ancient stirrings .
maybe put like this granting cert means at least 4 justices think there is merit to deciding the case independent of the arguments in question though usually there is some correlation .
in this case i would expect cert to be granted if 4 justices think it 's worth explicitly ruling against trump
because california has 5.7x more people and 15.5x more land than massachusetts .
i wish you the best and hope your condition improves i understand you feeling bummed about your situation .
i go to a school where it 's a pretty even split at least in the surrounding area .
of course there 's a few homophones here and there but most of the vocal community is very positive .
however we constantly get hell christians preaching about how we 're all going to hell .
on the bright side them showing up actually pulls students together as it leads to people writing in chalk pro-lgbtq messages when they 're on lunch or making signs and such .
why would you want to move out of a target fund ?
if i could only hold one asset in an ira i 'd go for a target fund .
broaddus did n't quit ... unlike epstein who quit being alive because someone forced him to .
i do that too when i font give a shit about my teammates .
this submission has many problems with structure grammar lack of a good hook and prose .
the mc is unnatural in his reactions like a robot going from here to there trying but failing to look like a human .
being resurrected for example carries no weight for the mc his reactions shows that he is grateful and he agrees to repay but other than that where is the emotional payoff of something so huge as coming back to life ?
by a goddess no less to whom the mc also has no reaction other than a certain flirtation and attraction like it 's just another woman .
the same goes for her since a goddess should not be talking like nor agree to be treated as just a woman right ?
also the problem not only lies with how he speaks or reacts but how he thinks and his thoughts in general give off a superficiality that comes from the lack of depth and consequently the lack of connection to the reader .
it raises so many questions that challenge your world and ruin the immersion instead of questions that serve as hooks to our curiosity and forces us to keep reading why specifically him ?
if she can resurrect people why just one and a completely inexperienced guy at that here there is nothing working for the characters in terms of personality and it 's pretty jarring because it 's not even inconsistent since it 's inexistent .
about the structure there are waves of short paragraphs one after the other separated by inner thoughts which are annoying and you should strive to vary on the length .
paragraphs serve a purpose even their size or maybe one of the most important is their size .
i can tell so much about a whole piece where all the pages contain only small paragraphs that struggle to contain at least two lines .
i know that not only is your paragraphs boring but also your sentences because if they 're that small the maximum your sentences could reach is also that size and could only get smaller .
i 've tried copying the paragraphs of your first pages and edited them to make bigger paragraphs and it 's like your work sighed in relief and thanked me .
that does n't solve the problems of prose and plot and character but it gets better .
the action is so packed and rushed though that maybe the answer to this is not closing your two-lines paragraphs together but expanding a bit more in his reactions and descriptions a bit more of information that will create connection relation to the reader .
for example it 's not enough to just tell me he 's been decades in the void but expand a bit more of what happened to him how he struggled to deal with the problems and the consequences that will never leave him .
if you want me to believe in such a character that can be resurrected suddenly and still flirts with the goddess who did it then you got ta tell me more about him and please vary on your paragraphs while you do it .
right now just practice a lot with bigger paragraphs write a single one challenge yourself then divide it as you please as you see fit in a way that brings joy to look at .
they are best when they come right after a breathless paragraph and it comes with a thud or maybe a boom and you ca n't help but stare at it and feel it .
leave off short paragraphs for things that the reader needs to remember the most .
a big revelation a particularly nice sentence that you love and want to put it in the spotlight .
an emotion that you want the reader to feel .
it helps greatly when the first impression someone has of a work is organized a compact story complete at least to me it 's a big turn-on .
no mc 's every single thought does n't need its own paragraph .
sometimes there are two in a row two paragraphs to separate two thoughts that have nothing special about them simply another problem with structuring .
the very first sentence works a bit well it has its problems and sounds awkward but has mystery and immediately calls for attention .
however a few sentences down the line everything is ruined by the ridiculousness of the mc situation the suddenness of changes which shows how your other problems that i have talked about tie in with one another .
this beginning is quite devoid of anything interesting and it is even disregarded by the story itself when he leaves ‘the void ' he acts with such neutrality towards his past that forces me to do the same .
the hook should be what raises my curiosity yours manages to do that but then my curiosity jumps away like those harry potter chocolate frogs .
it 's jarring how there are many things that could work as a hook but since they are all packed together and never developed they just do n't work .
ressurection hell goddess of fire ... maybe choose one and expand a bit then move on .
what 's the need of telling us that the goddess of fire has fiery red lips ?
to me it is almost as redundant as saying 'reborn again ' .
it would be worthy to notice if she had icy blue lips that would be a twist .
but there does n't need to be a twist in her description the words 'fiery red ' is a very unoriginal way of describing things icy blue as well and simplicity would n't bother me if not for the usage of the figure of speech .
if you are going for metaphors similes etc. try to be more original .
i noticed some repetition of words and it 's important to be aware ...
when you do it so much in paragraphs so close together each instance screams at the reader louder and louder until it becomes impossible to not stop and lose track of the reading .
just read it out loud if it sounds weird change it .
the orange light radiating from the screen increased in size and brightness until the light became a blazing red fire that reached out to me .
i did n't resist the fire and as the flames wrapped around my skin the red light began to envelope my body and swallow my vision.
the light radiated from the screen increased in size and brightness until it blazed red fire that reached out to me .
they wrapped around my skin enveloped my body and swallowed my vision.
there they 're still your words but more compact and no repetition of fire and light .
and you could go further always push for a smaller result or even adding more things without repeating yourself practice doing that before posting your work it 's filled with mistakes which you could 've fixed with a simple grammar tool online .
the wing attack does have a blind spot somewhere behind his right ?
you can more less keep chopping at the leg while the wing wont hit you .
of course this is difficult if you 're the only player present .
shrowd seems difficult but once you know how to dodge the wing attack stomp and jump he 's fairly easy .
but the teen 's defence lawyer pointed to a pre-sentence psychiatric assessment of the girl which indicated she had the moral capacity of an adolescent and was prone to poor decision-making .
wood said the girl who was sent to live in sagkeeng first nation in 2016 by her mother was having difficulty adjusting to life in the small community .
how many non status people live on the res ?
she was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder and substance use disorder wood said .
he argued addiction and unresolved trauma from her past including sexual assaults made her vulnerable to the events that transpired the night of the attack .
i know a man who is director for manitoba youth centers .
he tells me horror stories about his daily work experiences .
i 'm ready to get downvoted to oblivion for saying this .
weed is a gateway drug if you want it to be .
i 've never in all my years of experimenting with drugs ever met anyone who did a hard drug who did n't smoke weed first .
that being said i 've met handfuls of people that have smoked weed for years with absolutely zero desire to dabble in the harder stuff .
i 'm not saying weed is definitely a gateway drug but i 've never met a junkie that did n't smoke weed .
i agree with you on blue but most vegetables are green and many are light green .
i think that 's what really made the book more of a call out .
like the beauty of the grammar makes you want to like the main character until you realize how gross he actually is .
i do n't understand why is one of them blank ?
it was at one point discussed in a q a to make the existing sceptre pieces 'crushable ' in some ways in order to achieve this goal and to potentially have those tradeable .
would be really nice for f2p as it is already part of the runecrafting meta and some other things .
would also actually give sceptre pieces some proper value ...
lol ... she is a big beer fan too so it was good to see her enjoy as well
if someone asks me how the new update is i 'm just gon na show them that first attempt .
why does everyone just lean big mics against the wall ?
hahaha bro you pay more tax than apple or any of those companies .
um would you spare one for me as well ?
i just want a long-term-work for a 4th gen pokémon rework
there are dominant traits and recessive traits which determine whether or not someone has blue eyes or brown eyes .
it can also determine whether a finch has a small beak or large beak .
the dominant gene of the beak size that allows the species to continue being the dominant species because they pass down the gene to their kids .
well i do n't know much about music but somehow that i idea just reminds me of mogwai the rave tapes era and maybe some of toe materials just maybe trying to picturing how it might sounds .
always understood that to be completely legal in the same way that riding a motorcycle in an hov lane is legal .
your submission trump said everything was good after his hospital visit .
he should let walter reed prove it was automatically removed because greenwichtime.com is not on our approved source whitelist https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist .
r/politics has a number of conditions that domains must adhere to in order to be approved as an acceptable source .
be notable as defined by our domain notability guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist .
notable domains will consist of news organizations research organizations political advocacy groups governmental agencies bodies and political parties .
contain articles videos or sound-clips relevant to current us politics
contain original content that has not been stolen or rehosted from another source .
be accessible at least once without paying for a subscription or completing a survey .
if you believe that you have a domain that is eligible for our approved whitelist please use the link at the end of this message to submit it to us .
however please note that if you submit spam or rule breaking content to us via the form we will match the domain against this submission and may take action against your account .
if you submit a spam domain via the form your account may be reported to the site administrators .
to submit a domain for approval use this form https goo.gl/forms/lrqika1ri0bvbkcl1 and follow the instructions provided
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
also t3100e has a standard 8-bit isa slot the t3100 does n't have any at all although they sold an expansion chassis for it which would allow extra isa slots .
an adapter would be the best bet since you ca n't run an isa based xt-ide lite in it .
yeah was thinking about pushing it a bit more but chickened out .
do it once with a zip line top and bottom and never do it the hard way again !
that 'll show her just how wrong she is .
dont need to change brakes if you dont use them in the first place taps head
words can not describe how much i hate that man
yes but it 's the willingness to be motivated to do it .
also china is ideally located for shipping and as a intermediary stop over port routes for european and southern hemisphere requirements
i once spilled a bottle of niod cais which is 90 and a bottle of hylamide subq which at the time cost 60 i 'm clumsy
edit and no way is anyone going to borrow it .
the comment from the engineer does n't suggest that .
why use the same quality in 2023 as in 2013 ?
internet speeds are getting better and displays are getting better .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
did you click on the undercover video you idiot .
but you would rather protect pp than child sex victims i guess .
you shouldnt have invited her you could have done a trip with her after that but not cool what you did you basically destroyed everyones plans that werent yours to touch
so in my opinion it is n't about what cards are good for beginners but about what cards call to you .
i would go to a store that sells physical decks so you can touch and hold them and just look at them until one deck clicks with you .
it 's how i landed my wild unknown deck .
fpp is not dead you can play squads every night with about 15 second wait times but bots gon na be bots 🤷‍♂️
i know i 'm a few days late but i 'd like to say this is really good .
i think the colours are really subjective i for one love them .
the one thing is that the edges of the hut seem a bit blurred if that makes sense like they could do with a border line of pixels .
still makes me nostalgic for seasides i 've never been to so you 've definitely done something right !
i read a few different articles this morning that said by thursday ... ?
i can only dream of someday having a garchomp and a gible .
you look like a church youth group leader who plays acoustic guitar and writes songs about how abortion is a sin ... while at planned parenthood waiting for your 14 y/o girlfriend 's '' procedure to be finished .
i was n't looking for your judgment about riding a high horse .
i like this character but i can understand this persons viewpoints .
attacking the character by making drawings of their face getting slashed is a little bad but not bad enough to get harassed or banned .
i agree that ralsei can get too uwu at points and interrupts the character but he never gets offended if people joke about him unlike some of the fans .
i believe that some of the flaws should be addressed and fixed a little more but again this is chapter 1 .
maybe there 's more to this character maybe theirs less.who knows ? oh and this kid is just trolling so we 've just been played .
i 'd like to see it posted monthly but stickied to the top of the sub .
would you still be able to interact with it as well like that ?
my concern with the weekly thread is that a bunch of no to low-activity threads posted by a bot makes the sub look a little like a ghost town .
what is a build a better mouse trap situation ?
common explanation on google does n't help me x .
if you want your comment to count toward judgment include only one of the following abbreviations in your comment .
if you do n't include a judgement abbreviation the bot will ignore you when it looks for the top voted comment .
you 're the asshole the other party is not yta
you 're not the a-hole the other party is nta
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks for the tip about a square formation never tried it but it certainly sounds like it beats having to swing an entire line around .
but if they only animate the firing as you say and are n't actually hitting stuff is that formation less effective than dragging the line out to be as long as it can ?
i 'm confused would you get assigned to pay dividends on covered calls too ?
i have n't finished it but here are my thoughts on the opening paragraph
volsere stood hands clasped behind his back and awaited death .
i would like to know how volsere feels about his death .
does he dread it or is he at peace with it ?
does he feel that he deserves to die or is his fate unjustified ?
it was coming either this hour or the next before the sun finished setting in the east .
i love that you want to show us that the sun sets in the east but i feel now is not the time .
show us this later once we 've had a chance to get invested in the lore .
he wore his helanite armor embroidered with veins of dark orange crystal striated along each individual piece .
this is great imagery but i think we need to stay on track with the anticipation of his death at this stage .
put us in the shoes of the warrior and ask is this what volsere would be thinking about right now ?
virtually indestructible it was a suit of plate unlike any before it coveted by every swordsman or duelist in the known world .
yet volsere doubted it would last long against an ashen .
i really do n't mind that every swordsman covets the armour .
i really am concerned only with volsere 's faith in it at this point .
otherwise this is a very cool introduction to the story !
and imagine only drinking some and not sucking the toilet dry
simply playing the devil 's advocate here but the u.s. with 322 million people has imprisoned roughly 2.6 million of their own populace while china with 1.3 billion have somewhere between 1.3 and 2 million people imprisoned .
considering this is about 30 of the worlds prisoners the u.s. is making it really fucking easy for the chinese propaganda machine to justify their actions to their own citizens .
while i do view the u.s. a lot more favourably than china in almost every regard it 's quite hard to overlook this and the fact that the u.s. is literally imprisoning and kidnapping children these days with some dying .
perhaps the biggest difference from the outside right now is that it 's easy to see how at least half if not more of the u.s. population is vehemently against these practises and are actively working to do something about it .
with the u.s. china and russia all run by fascists now what the fuck is actually going to happen ?
no wonder most european countries are being really cautious at the moment it really does seem like all hell is about to break loose with the three traditionally biggest and most unified players trying to push the envelope and see how much shit they can possibly get away with a fragmented europe can not really do anything while also going through pretty extreme turmoil itself .
turkey 's actions has made nato a fucking minefield and the un ca n't do anything because everything would get vetoed .
oh and also almost all the corners of europe is being run by the right now as well .
welcome to 2020 the year where most of the world will finally have turned to fascism .
should a more offensively inclined approach to the game suit jokiharju ?
was he ever really given a chance to do anything with it ?
he got about the same minutes under colliton that krueger is giving him .
their defense last year was terrible it was terrible with q it 's been terrible with colliton .
your argument would be a lot more convincing with accurate facts .
under colliton last year the hawks were mid-pack on sat 18th overall 13th when close 17th on unblocked .
he was simply one of the lone bright spots early on when he got his opportunity .
for his first 3 games when he surprised everyone with 5 assists yes .
you ca n't keep a kid on the roster just because he had 2 good games .
especially if they have a bad attitude and play like they could n't care less .
but to find a 19 year old d-man that can handle the nhl is extremely rare .
if he were unable to do that he 'd be in rochester right now but he 's not
the ahl is precisely where they sent him because he had no business in the nhl last year .
he 'd be there now too except buffalo is pretty thin on defense and their standards are extremely low .
the jokiharju-duncan keith pairing had a tremendous problem in terms of limiting dangerous scoring chances against for the blackhawks . ''
seems like that might be something a team cares about ?
more so maybe than having a positive corsi if you 're taking low-percentage shots to balance your opponent 's high danger ones ?
not coincidentally limiting dangerous scoring chances was exactly jokiharju 's problem last night .
maybe even worse than that is how bad he was on the pk https faxesfromuncledale.com/wp-content/uploads/wowy_seabs_pk_heatmap-1024x535.png which was not just the worst pk in the league but historically bad last season and seabrook had a big hand in that happeneing .
he nearly led the team in atoi on the pk when he should never see pk time at all .
seabrook is playing 1:48 per game shorthanded this season for the average hawks ' penalty kill 80 20th in the league .
meanwhile buffalo 's pk is nearly the worst in the league and jokiharju 's ga/60 on the kill is worse than seabrook 's .
in fact even last year seabrook 's ga/60 on the pk was 10.48 14th of 29 skaters on the hawks btw which compares pretty well with jokiharju 's 10.21 this year for buffalo .
defensively last year i was wrong seabrook was n't quite the worst hawks d-man forsling was just a littttlle bit worse and forsling will probably never see the nhl ever again and rightfully so .
but the numbers still show just how much worse the hawks were with seabrook on the ice https faxesfromuncledale.com/wp-content/uploads/heat_wowy_seabs-1024x540.png than they already were without him there .
again they were already bad before but you add in seabrook and it gets so much worse .
you are using numbers that include the half of the season where seabrook was paired with brandon manning and blaming seabrook .
that was n't in reference to teachers but in reference to the people who make less than teachers and then complain about someone making a little more than them instead of looking for the reason they 're making so little .
also i 'd consider class sizes of 35 with no support for special needs kids terrible
did n't matt brown get punched in the head on his walk out ? ?
i 've heard of fighters and coaches getting jumped and robbed around the hotels and outside the arenas .
ufc should stop hosting fights there until their fans can behave better .
there is no actual proof just 2 billion people looking for 1 in 1000 events to blame on god .
i agree with you that set mechanics should be spread out across colors more .
it would 've been interesting to see how each color 's flavour would answer '' things like food or adamant .
it seems odd that white blue and red would n't have their own foods of all mechanics flavourwise .
much of the article is focused on what will the mets spending limit be .
seeing no reason why it will change markedly from the previous few years .
i agree but also think that bvw loves the headlines so look for a surprise trade .
it does n't have to be plural it just needs to end with an s. you are quite simply wrong about this .
i have let my ancestors down i must sacrifice myself for mercy !
how many plastic bags do you think are in your picture ?
now imagine how much space the equivalent number of brown paper bags take up which have to be transported to where you purchased them .
are you enrolled in a college by any chance ?
do you have to spray the wipe down every time ?
where do you put the dirty ones while you 're changing baby ?
i 'd love to use the cloth wipes i bought but it just does n't seem practical for poops and i do n't have enough space for both cloth and disposable wipes on my change table .
i do n't think it was meant to offend .
what do you think will happen to those people they shipped away in trains ?
ya he says that the two pieces are woth more than the leather coat if your fine with the trade
i do n't understand the downvotes if it 's your opinion .
i really do n't understand making a car look like something it 's not .
you are blinded by propaganda russiagate is a fraud ... you did n't get that memo ?
can you point me to one place where i said that at all ?
hey by any chance could you check out my build i recently posted ?
total guns and gun owners is not the problem .
the poor control of whom gets to own said guns and a culture of guns solving problems stemming from the early history of america and perpetuated by media is more important .
many countries have loads of guns per capita my own included and gun violence is almost a non issue .
but the world fact book is actually interesting and a straightforward reference believe it or not .
here 's the entry for bolivia the intro there are sections for geography people economy communications etc .
bolivia named after independence fighter simon bolivar broke away from spanish rule in 1825 much of its subsequent history has consisted of a series of coups and countercoups with the last coup occurring in 1978 .
democratic civilian rule was established in 1982 but leaders have faced difficult problems of deep-seated poverty social unrest and illegal drug production .
in december 2005 bolivians elected movement toward socialism leader evo morales president by the widest margin of any leader since the restoration of civilian rule in 1982 after he ran on a promise to change the country 's traditional political class and empower the nation 's poor indigenous majority .
in december 2009 and october 2014 president morales easily won reelection .
his party maintained control of the legislative branch of the government which has allowed him to continue his process of change .
in february 2016 morales narrowly lost a referendum to approve a constitutional amendment that would have allowed him to compete in the 2019 presidential election .
however a 2017 supreme court ruling stating that term limits violate human rights has provided the justification for morales to be chosen by his party to run again in 2019 .
and really kids should n't be made to think that the cia are the good guys .
but i do question the choice of cnn more !
like the hangar at zeffo sometimes when i go back there 's no one in there sometimes there is a security droid and 2 stormtroopers and then twice there 's been bounty hunters .
the areas sometimes have no enemies sometimes have some imperial troops then randomly there 'll be bounty hunters .
that 's because this time around it was a time-sensitive issue .
they needed to kill it before the cycle ended because bevvie said none of them would survive more than a week .
yep he is a player who other players will be compared to .
idk you 're just kinda thrown into the science fictiony western-esque world and i remember it kinda being overwhelming at first
i 'm personally stuck between bernie and warren for my primary vote but would happily vote for yang in the general and fight to defend his platform over trump 's !
first it was the c hole then the b hole
have n't seen wilson be so fucking off this entire season .
it probably would have been better to tell him you 've read some pretty disturbing stuff and no longer wish to be associated with him but you did what you feel is best for you .
5e opp attacks say when they move out of your reach .
if hes in melee then he can use his reaction with war caster .
if you dont like this claim the unit is attempting to move and treat him like hes using a ranged attack in melee .
if youre still concerned claim that out of your reach means the range of the spell limiting it to touch abilities .
thats why i came om reddit to ask for advice .
i do n't know what your ideal welfare state system is since it 's not part of our conversation thread .
however i 've played other games like warframe and fortnite and those game have catered prices for turkish players .
for example in fortnite the 10 vbucks option costs 30 tl for us which is a 1/3 ratio .
i was hoping that ggg could have catered prices like that aswell .
i 'm 100 sure that every one of the 300 people that upvoted this meme have seen this video or gif at least once before
i get hyped when i see a 6 what is this
it looks like your post has been solved because your comment contains the phrase 'thank you ' .
if this is correct please mark it as solved http www.reddit.com/r/tipofmyjoystick/comments/1ubulw/meta_about_flairshow_to_mark_your_post_as_solved if you have n't already done so .
to mark your post with a comment you can write 'solved ' followed by the title of your game .
if this was posted by mistake you can report the comment and it will be removed .
see this thread http www.reddit.com/r/tipofmyjoystick/comments/23l24m/meta_automoderator_discussion for more information about automoderator 's rules on r/tipofmyjoystick .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tipofmyjoystick if you have any questions or concerns .
if i was a game dev not a web dev i 'd figure something out about it
this design is based on the alfieri and ferrari monza which both predate the am vantage .
all the body elements are from the alfieri the design cues are all from the monza .
i 've often wondered if there was a place to have photos printed on a drum head .
i have some great photos and would love to have them printed onto drum heads .
this sob needs to be pushed off a cliff !
i think we had something like that in the 90s .
most of the concrete streets and roads i 've seen are textured .
there 's no way to get around the ka-chunk ka-chunk ka-chunk .
this is an advantage asphalt has over concrete for road surfacing .
but of course it works best where it does n't get too hot for too long .
i love this absurd repeated usage of terms such as coup '' and overthrow . ''
i 'm pretty sure the saying was the revolution will not be televised '' not the revolution will be shown without commercial interruption on pbs . ''
questions asking about advice onyour own situation can be asked in r/askwomenadvice .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+submission https www.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/dyq9mo was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+acted upon+it .
if you are messaging about your removed comment or post please include a link to the removed content for review .
i mean she 's saying that would reinforce a stereotype that hollywood execs have .
i would imagine she has a better idea of what hollywood execs believe than any of us .
if my cat learns how to do this i 'm in trouble
i would work out so much more if i got post workout titties
or dcf or whatever they call it by him .
i think this is one of those if it feels wrong it probably is '' type concerns .
i really hope it 's nothing but please keep us posted .
a couple letters changes your meaning those early c7 's were hand built and had by far the nicest interior of any corvette i ever saw come off the assembly line since .
downvoting someone who 's earnestly trying to help is shitty
nah it 's exactly the right response to someone giving out shit advice .
unless bendis recently did this he does not at all save cats from trees .
i would n't be shocked if they patch in the mythicals but i would be if they added any others beyond what were datamined .
yeah i just do n't see mario kart being worth that .
if it were mario maker 2 or odyssey i 'd be all over it .
as it is i just bought the new version for the 300 bucks and bought mm2 and odyssey .
if trump was on a white horse to stamp out the absolute corruption by burisma and the bidens ... why did he then let the money through ?
must not have found anything on the bidens or burisma .
if they brought this up once it would shut down that whole nonsensical narrative .
is n't there one at the ice/golf center at north woods ?
if only someone looked at you the way nanami looks at that bubble tea ... https i.imgur.com/jr5zjp0.jpg
as far as i 'm aware google has never done a banner for it on their home page despite doing ones for obscure holidays events and birthdays .
i believe it 's also a fairly recent thing that is n't officially '' recognized in many places
this whole thread is about something that android does better control over apps on your phone and independence from an app store
npt can handle it depending on size 1/8 '' fittings can hit 15 ksi reliably 1 '' fittings can do 5 ksi or so .
manufacturers spec is key here though as bpvc does n't apply to fittings so it 's reliant on a good engineering team to spec the thing out and test it correctly .
you 're welcome 👍 yeah save the one shot builds until endgame when you get farm gear and such lol .
most vids on youtube are pretty click baity with their titles and leave out a lot of things lol .
chances are if it sounds too good to be true it is lol .
but rest assured amara is extremely op and can handle anything thrown at her if built right .
red tree is insanely op at endgame if done right probably amara 's most powerful builds are in that tree predominantly .
but like i said you need enough skill points and the correct gear and experience with amara to make it shine .
phaseslam is imho the least effective of her skills .
not saying it is n't good or anything just low on the totem pole .
it has the longest cooldown time and a lot of amara 's skills come when using her action skill so it behooves you to be using it as much as possible .
ties that bind in red skill tree is probably most op because of the damage it dishes out to other enemies especially when paired with the augment right above it that pulls in enemies closer .
it might not seem like it when you look at the description of it but rest assured it 's insanely op in practice .
has a decent cooldown has range and goes through enemies .
the phasegrasp skill is nice because you can pair it 's low cooldown time with the skill from brawl in which amara gets 40 damage reduction after using her action skill forget the name but it 's the skill with all of her arms pictured .
it lasts 15 seconds i believe and cooldown for phasegrasp is 18 seconds so if you do it right you pretty much constantly get 40 reduction .
see how much it would cost for everything new then decide if used is worth it used should cost no more than 1/2 the new price unless the tank/set up is still relatively new less than a year or two
if you ca n't see the similarities between america today and 1934 germany there 's no point discussing it with you .
cat be looking like 67 year old divorced lady who has been saying that phones are bad for 3 years
if he did so by choice he 's most likely mentally retarded .
okay apparently i 'm getting a lot of hate for saying that people should stay with someone hot even if they 're ruining their life .
i am really interested in how the fuck you got that from my comment which is mostly meant as a 'cudos for doing that ' to op .
i ordered sxos pro and got impatient ended up doing the free method while waiting for the sxos stuff to arrive .
anyways i really enjoyed atmosphere and ended up really enjoying sxos .
i use both i believe i 'm on firmware 8.x upgrading firmware was more troublesome than modding the switch but was still fairly easy .
gba temp website has a good number of tutorials .
not sure if i get a vote but aye .
no this does not work automatically due to my real world tests and attempts .
the access points and clients have to support protocols 802.11k and 802.11r for seamless transition between aps .
otherwise the clients will stick with the weak signal ssid .
i found most consumer aps do not support the protocols .
some mesh routers and newer aps do support it .
i tried using the same ssid at my sisters house and user experience was terrible .
having separate ssids was actually better so they could manually switch to the stronger signal .
if it was the same ssid you 'd have to disable and enable wifi to connect to the stronger signal ap .
i 've been using 4-1-2-1-2 for 3 years now and i got bored of it wanted to try something different .
and yes i stay in 442 and coman barely does anything
they technically have oversight roles over the intelligence community .
if you are feeling the side effects of low t depression lethargy unstable moods then it 's something to consider .
if you feel fine then do n't think anything of it .
taking hcg while taking test gives you a much better chance of keeping fertility as well .
it 's incredibly easy to get on trt in western countries at this point .
took me 5 minutes on the internet and i found a clinic .
a strategy of objectifying women just to gain views is not very humanityfirst .
i really wish there was a tool where i could plug in mitch 's stats through this amount of games and see other qbs who are the most similar .
i 'm betting there 's a lot of guys who are no longer in the league and a few people like brees and ryan .
sounds like a lot of tvs that are just turned on like in the breakroom of my office .
i 'd love to see more pictures of the glass and the angle where the sun hits .
i work in lightinn and it would be lovely to be able to recreate this .
i moved half way through high school and it was hard .
i 'm now a senior and i still do n't feel totally incorporated .
missing my old people happens but i try to focus on my new life .
i joined cross country a no cut sport to meet people and it really helped .
i met great people that way and then more people through them .
i know the process sucks but it can be good in the end .
it 's a design by ap i forget the name but the gen of theses is 🔥🔥🔥 shit this one is 🔥 too
hey devin ... these two people were on the call..you could ask them questions about the call ... you do n't need the whistle blower
i 'm assuming you 're asking because of the protests going on in hk .
i just did some quick googlefu on the chemical constituents of modern tear gas '' of which the active compound is called cs gas or 2-chlorobenzylidenemalononitrile
it could also be a less common ω-chloroacetophenone but that fell out of popularity in the 50 's from what i read
so i looked up a list of things that will actively dissolve the compound and while i 've not tested this please gods i hope a chemist will correct me if i 'm wrong it looks like of you made a mixture of maybe a 4:1 water to acetone mixture maybe higher again cant really test this i dont have any tear gas laying around and put the tear gas canister in it it might be able to dissolve some of the cs gas and keep it from becoming an aerosol .
this is the only common resource i could find that might work .
so no bucket on top but maybe this will do the trick ?
to me it 's is barely noticeable on the ts do you think that it is still a rl ?
it looks like you can easily built a box below your existing joists that is between the joists and the wall cabinet above your dishwasher .
that box would house the exhaust vent normally 6 '' vent pipe .
of course when you terminate to outside if you can go between the studs that would be ideally otherwise you have to deal with structural components which you wo n't know until you open it up .
i may not agree with the business model but i do understand why .
i love the game because it has the best story line and universe .
i am a bit torn between the digitakt and the tr-8s .
both sample i kind of like the less menu diving of the tr-8s and the more immediacy but at the same time it looks like its really limiting .
i 've tried watching digitakt workflow videos and these guys press buttons at a mile a minute and they are just like yea just got ta clear all the samples ok click this shift click that load this press this button 5 times and im like wait what
technically with the amount of chance present in hockey you could say that it 's possible to lose every game for the rest of the season even if they play at their true talent level '' .
at that point it 's better just to buy hard copies .
publishers are trying to roll back time because they 're not equipped to deal with ebooks .
this is like if we let railroad companies write public policy for cars .
bro i just took a look at your account and you got ta calm down man holy fuck
honestly it 's probably not worth recovering may as well save the gems .
the game has totally changed and if you 're willing to grind a bit you can get to endgame content in a couple weeks from a brand new account .
labs are fantastic dogs but the puppies are a lot of work .
the saying chew till they 're two shed till they 're dead is 100 accurate .
crate training is a must for when you 're gone and even when you 're home they must be closely monitored and any destructive chewing must be immediately redirected .
once they hit about two or three they mature and chill out a bit .
i have a black lab and he 's the best dog i 've ever had but he was a lot of work to train and the hair never ends .
i am a pretty big libertarian and a big supporter of the monarchy .
if alberta left the confederation i would be devastated to lose the monarchy we have .
i like monarchism but i like libertarianism too so if we do leave it 's a win for the libertarians but i hope we keep the monarch in power .
keep in mind how long ago this was he 'd have been very young at the time
as someone with sizeable positions in both companies this past month has been glorious .
we 're men manly men we 're men in tiiiiights !
an interesting article what sam and his guest often discuss in regards to universities this article is about students in the uk but i think most of it applies here too .
in the uk in particular there are n't enough funds for adequate mental health services at colleges and waiting lists are long .
i 'm not sure that part is true in the us – yet .
i took charge of my anxiety last february by going on a ketoeques diet by at least minimizing fruits bread sugars carbohydrates and increasing my exercise slightly from almost nothing to something and recently by indulging in jungian studies and meditations and by keeping multiple separate journals topically dreams diet mental health creative and others including a drawings journal in a nice sketch pad .
top tree voidwalker and overcharge axion bolts or handheld supernova .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our sidebar rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with higher '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
please do not message us about this we will probably mute you and move on with our day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean i guess you 're right but that 's still 4 years where you could lose your job because you 're still an import for 4 years and you can do that in europe as well .
so its somewhat of a gamble in the sense that there 's a good chance you wo n't get it in the 4 years .
not saying it 's bad it 's only a positive because even if low chance you are now capable of being a resident in less than 4 years .
just saying the chances of that happening are n't that high unless you get the right visa from the start
you ca n't just know you also have to believe .
in some sense it 's the same with everything else .
i can explain to you the laws of gravity thousand times over but unless you choose to believe in them then what good were my explanations ?
no one is owed access to sex men especially .
i wonder if someday they 'll release the original version
ordered a fka twigs lp and 12 '' signed insert ...
its getting a waste of time ordering anything signed !
nem todos tem os pes do ronaldinho e muitos provavelmente pensariam que poderiam se comportar como ele mas nem todos tem o talento dele para conseguir chegar a um jogo e driblar meia equipa sem muito esforço .
se tu fores um aluno assiduo que se esforça e dá o litro mas tira 12 valores e depois há outro que falta a todas as aulas e tira 20 valores como é que te sentes ?
only if the dnc does n't pull the football away .
as long as it 's an open meeting why not ?
this is a really cool way to do an electric hatsu i like it .
the last part about discharging the electricity being misinterpreted as heroic poses is hilarious .
theres no proof any other nation is more free than the usa
oh and also nice to get to know you pascal frei .
you can afford living in münchen but buy stadia ?
according to all the haters you should n't exist d .
moving up is great but i ca n't move up in title just to make less money .
you never know when you want to reuse your code .
especially if you want to make fun in using aard
we are bound to ask but do not expect an answer and that 's cool mate ...
can bridges span roads and rail with symmetrical pillars placed roadside/railside ?
you know terrelle pryor 's name and that 's the only reason this is even a conversation .
i still till this day wonder how she thought risking a dry socket would help her daughter
mmmm god damn this looks amazing😍 i would love to eat you just like this
oh god here comes the influx of horribly unoriginal people who think it 's funny to say ok boomer because it 's unoriginal
it made me remember snake vs liquid in mgs4 epic as fuck haha
only issues i have with is is a little too much emphasis on the tachometer shots and oh i will floor it now to get past him '' .
i get what they were trying to convey but it was a little cheesy .
they all knocked it outta the park with their acting .
i wish they would have dove more in depth about the development of the car also .
looks like something which needs to be fully tried in order to be fully understood so one of my dreams is to have the possibility of choosing to be a woman for six months maybe one year .
i saw a post where someone said to disable location in settings this seems to have fixed it for me
i 'm taking it a day at a time trying to complete no nut november .
i 'd agree in the sense that there both disappointing at the moment
the list was n't the end result just whether they got there .
you can sign up at these 2 sites and they may have an approved adopter in your area that can help out .
car accidents are the one trauma related cause of death ahead of homicide .
the leading medical causes of maternal mortality are actually heart disease and stroke .
it 's just likely op does n't speak english as their primary .
my ex is puerto rican and she said that too .
it 's just a thing with how english translates into another language you obtuse rectangle
this is exactly the kind of content i f5 for .
yeah bud.trust the sources whose daily income is dependent on masala news .
ravish kumar the guy with an award for his journalism is clearly the untrsutable one .
same for print i guess.which wo n't suck the politicians ' d**ks to make money .
sometimes i do think that why do i even try to make people aware .
you mean to say all massage videos in pornhub are fake ?
there would be a lot less free porn which is a goddamn tragedy .
my point is this should n't happen its the capital city of a faction and the defences are a complete joke .
norris had his fair share of dnf/issues when he could have had decent or great results canada france and the worse spa when he conceded a 5th place finish because of car issues
i really doubt that they spent money on entoma 's equipment considering that in yggdrasil it was trash tier and that afawk you ca n't just buy equipment .
there 's no reason why her build should have anything to do with p2w
like 3 back to backs already this season is probably a good enough answer
well i didnt make the other comment for a start ...
but working hard does being success even if it is only relative successful to generally unsuccessful people .
hard work is a great thing to promote to kids
i wish i could actively go after her lol thanks
yea the vtol is bad but the precision airstrike is the most fukn annoying thing to listen to .
i mean ... when you consider that doing so also counts in a weird way as marketing this seems like they will make more money from doing it .
seems silly questioning cooper but he was limited sunday due to lingering injury it seems .
fuckin sucks but you have something lined up for the future .
to think it started with saving the world then transitioning to destroying worlds to save ours
honestly such a problem area for me it was hard to keep the motivation but finally noticing a little progress is huge
his schedule today has pool phone time briefing and lunch with pence .
just a point if is what you make of it .
it wo n't magically make you lose weight ... you have to make active changes to lose the weight .
the only thing i see they all do the same is cook grenades .
duolingo is good for teaching you what it can but you still need to consume german media and talk to people in german .
i know this is n't an answer to the question you asked but just remember that the key to being a good analyst is expertise and intuition in the subject matter being analysed .
the technical skills are relatively easy to learn in comparison .
your competitive advantage is in your industry knowledge and experience so stress that advantage and your aptitude and willingness to learn the technical skills .
genius move by lego to put a grand total of one sith trooper in this sith trooper battle pack
i do n't mean to be that guy that corrects everything but gran reserva only tells you how long the tobacco has aged .
the name of the cigar will usually be found on the lable from the humidor you got it from .
you probably misunderstood something i have zero problems fighting these guys i 'm not asking for a strategy guide the enemy is simply bugged .
noticeable amount of hits he throws at me simply do not connect with anything at all and more often than not when i 'm attacking him the attacks simply stop connecting at random .
i 've chilled with wild marine iguanas they 're very chill animals
he 's not a great card anymore but i love him and 'd love to pull him 'd use him over gokuza which i also do n't have though and at the same time i hate goten and trunks .
but that 's what 's good everyone has various preferences .
there are enough bitcoin in lost wallets to prove this statement as invalid .
you need like 100.000 btc to be filthy rich ?
it 's not going to make a huge dent in the system if anything you could start adoption earlier by spreading the word .
the most wrong part about this is the notion that i would wait .
i think it was a mistake ... . he wouldnt have pinned the comment
mitch is one of the most shameless traitors this country has ever seen .
have a look at the other links i just added too they helped clarify it for me .
you 'd basically need to make an internal docker network that all the containers would be on to communicate and then the nginx one could also be on the host 's network for normal user access .
alternatively you could run the services in containers and nginx directly on the host .
he seized the sees and yet still sees the rising seas .
unfortunately my knowledge is limited to big names like polk and klipsch .
would you be able to tell me what are good quality brands and which ones to avoid .
i 've heard of boston acoustics but not fluance .
are both of those brands considered better quality than the big box names ?
yep i popped the consumable and went into the forest .
i am a bit peckish now you mention it 😈
i 'm pretty certain it was that easy but the store reps for at t probably realized that if they ported the customer to at t right after the merger was announced but before it officially went through they could get paid without having to do anything as the customers did n't realize they did n't need to do anything .
store reps get paid commissions based on new phone service .
so what 's easier to do oh you should add a new phone to your account for great uncle joe you have n't seen in 3 years or oh you have cingular and since we now own them we 're going to move your number over but we need you to hang out for a minute .
the latter is usually more lucrative and easier as it 's usually be someone with 3 to 4 phones on their account where as the former they 'd spend 1 to 1.5 hours and maybe get one phone .
at my local pet shop they will take them back to resell them so im getting store credit its pretty awesome .
can i have a link to the first one on amazon ?
dealerships unless you have something pricey that demands experienced techs for even then i 'd suggest a non dealership specialty shop
chains/quicklubes rotating door of junior techs make money on upselling
find a good mom and pop shop with reputation and run with em
stiamo parlando di soldi che guadagni al mese facciamo questa ipotesi i quali servono a mantenere i servizi della società in cui vivi e la tua futura pensione .
visto che le leggi non si fanno per il figlio del presidente '' ma per tutti quelli oltre ad una certa soglia per ereditare si vedrebbero tolti dei soldi.. con che scusante ?
siamo d'accordo che se tutti i miliardari devolvessero i loro soldi in beneficenza sarebbe una gran cosa ma è anche vero che nessuno è tenuto a darli per forza .
la vità è casualità noi siamo nati in un paese sviluppato mentre altri non riescono nemmeno a bere .
qualcuno è già piazzato nei ruoli più alti mettiamocela via .
i want to bind those bags so tight you 're going think they 'll pop .
tech support from vkb europe is piss poor besides that i am happy with my gunfighter ii base and mcg pro .
just keep in mind that you might not get any help at all or that you have to wait months for a response .
in my case i submitted a ticked for an issue with my stick back in june .
one attempt was made to fix it that did not work and as of now it just gets ignored .
if your product works you will be fine however might be there is something wrong and i would not recommend taking the gamble with the amount of money involved .
this is only true for vkb europe since the other stores are run by different ppl and i have not heard similar stories from us vkb users .
do n't worry about it most people follow and never really show up again i 'm at 350 followers with about 4-7 viewer count on average and about 3 of them are regulars .
think of it this way think about the number of people you follow on twitch are subbed to on youtube .
lets say that 90 of them have more followers than you do .
now all of them are live at the same time .
the one who has a small amount of viewership that you have n't seen a lot of content from or the ones who you followed for a longer period of time and have more viewers .
most people watch the streamer with the most viewers or the one they followed for the longest which in this case means that 95-99 of people who follow you will most likely watch someone else .
meaning that you should have around 0-2 viewers per stream .
it 's completely normal and will change over time .
some grow faster than others but everyone grows over time .
i mean she signed it as awa 2019 i 'm here ! ! ''
i do n't use it myself because i open all chests as soon as i get them .
i 'm one of those guys to eat the whole chocolate advent calendar on the first few days .
but anyways try the search function on this sub maybe you find the post where somebody explains where to get and how to use the script .
does that mean i have a shot with you then ?
great now i 'm the weird guy laughing to himself in the break room .
text app exposed for making their message blocks have no transparency so they have a black box around them
if you give me some minutes i could give you a spritzee
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tankporn if you have any questions or concerns .
talking about it in regular conversation should n't be encouraged imo .
there 's a time and a place for everything and some people who might have attempted had suicidal thoughts or other issues along the same line might find it upsetting triggering .
i do n't think it 's a topic you can just assume people are fine talking about casually .
i do n't really feel like people find it offensive either it just makes people uncomfortable because you 're throwing them into a situation that they likely did n't want to be in and do n't know how to properly respond to .
further while it 's relieving to talk about it openly in a casual setting it does run the risk of having that language being normalised to the point where it 's just seen as you just being you or that you 're joking etc and thus you run the possibility of having nobody to take you seriously when you want them to or even need them to .
i just feel like it 's extremely odd line to draw by op .
it 's like complaining that those people do n't include bodily waste or emissions or the food scraps they put in the compost or the waste created by infrastructure .
it sounds those weird ‘gotchas ' like when christians claim that atheists really do believe in god bc they used a phrase like ‘god help me ' or something .
it 's illegal to murder or desecrate a corpse .
i think there were certain lines in origins 1 and 2 that confirm that gabriel is out his depth with the miraculous again hinting that emilie had more to do with that world than he did .
i am annoyed though that in op 's scene and the one you 're referencing there 's no !
i really hope disney are n't retconning the biochips all the clones had .
i actually think the chips were an improvement on the old eu lore .
i 'm an atheist and i could not give a fuck if someone wants a painting of jc outside my flat .
it 's fine i like art religious or not .
well we believe that jesus really did rise work miracles and rise from the dead so yes .
i believe that there probably were a lot of public miracles associated with the saints through the years as well .
it did n't warrant a 10 because they were out of sync once they hit the floor .
their solo bit on the stairs was fine and the rest of the dance was charleston but at the beginning there was n't any synchronization .
make it illegal to leave the toilet seat down .
personally i 'm in for using different colors in mods text especially for the changeable part like making 14 '' blue and increased attack speed '' grey this alone would make item so much more readable .
but i wanted to replicate what was in a laptop .
just prep the battery as you would for any other component .
just enough to allow a little solder to attach .
now i feel back to normal though i will say my mental headspace felt a little fuzzy for the first three months or so and my memory took time to recover .
my memory now is maybe just a touch off what it should be short term not long term so i can easily say i 'm back to normal .
i feel much better not worrying about a shunt i could damage now .
it kinda looks like the malevolence from star wars the clone wars
but you 're also not allowed to publish any of the photos without express permission from every child 's parent as they 're underage . ''
i believe that plays a huge role in catch rate .
dunno because it 's not in english for a start .
i think the poster wantet too spreat awarness about hong-kong and shuw support for our fellow men whu lives in a world uf unscrupulousness from people who iz suppost to protect dem
but are you saying that your whole life you 've been sleeping only in that one position 100 of the time and never turning around at all ?
i find that rather hard to believe and there 's probably a reason for why i 've never heard of any possible asymmetry that might be caused by sleeping in any position .
i 've been sleeping on my stomach with my head turned to either side or lying on the side most of my life as well and i ca n't say it has had any effect whatsoever on me .
and since everyone usually sleeps on soft pillows that really should n't happen at all .
maybe it 's more likely if you sleep on a hard floor .
but if i had to make a guess then i 'd say that your diet can have an effect on this .
maybe for people with poor diet their skull can become malformed more easily .
it 's just a guess though but our modern western plant heavy diet does play a big part in improver facial development .
read some of weston price 's reports on native tribes all over the world if you wan na learn more about that .
so tongue posture and how you sleep and stuff like that might play some role but they 're certainly not the only thing affecting this .
as price found the more a native tribe had adopted our western diet and adopted plant foods into their diet the more health issues they get including things like underdeveloped jaws and tooth decay and anything else that has been plaguing modern civilizations since the dawn of time .
so out of curiosity what kind of diet have you been eating for most of your life ?
one full of processed plant foods and carbs with little meat ?
that could provide some more insight into how big of an effect diet really has on such things in our modern environment .
then why are ya back with mom letting her foot all your bills ?
in episode iv board the tantive iv and only lose two guys while the rebels lose about a dozen and are later ordered to let luke co escape and are acurrate enough to miss them with every shot while making it look believable .
in v they outmatch the rebels on hoth and then they 're trying to herd luke towards vader and so are again actively trying not to hit him .
in vi they capture the heroes manage to wound leia and are only taken down by overwhelming numbers of ewoks.
hahaha that does n't make you qualify that 's sawft
had a similar video recommended to me about 6 hours before the game even released on steam .
most star wars content creators these days are trash .
they put some spoilers in the thumbnail vor easy clicks and dont care about the fans who actually want to play this game and care to experience a story like its intended .
same thing happened to me back then with tfa and han solo .
είχαμε βγει από το top15 αλλά δεν έπεσε ο τουρισμός .
τους αυστριακούς πάνε γερμανοί για σκι τους έχουμε περάσει .
και έχω κι ένα ερωτηματικό για τους τουρίστες από τα κρουαζιερόπλοια αυτούς που σκάνε τα γαϊδουράκια στα φυρά https www.cnn.gr/news/ellada/story/197648/neo-vinteo-ntokoymento-tis-peta-katakraygi-gia-ta-gaidoyrakia-tis-santorinis για το πώς προσμετρώνται .
bro i am not saying people dont feed them i am saying these animals dont know any better and they got nowhere to go and most of them die either of some bad injuries or coming under vehicles .
i try calling people when i see some hurt dogs they fucking make excuses i keep a utensil to feed them they throw it away these animals are treated just worse .
also this dude threw a dog from roof of his college .
election season the only time the country cares about iowa .
it depends on how you approached him but i think nta
you can enjoy sex with men or women and not be gay or even bisexual imo .
to me being gay or 'bi ' is about an emotional connection to the same sex rather than a sexual desire for one over the other though many will likely quote a dictionary and tell me i 'm wrong .
a lot of men and women will engage in sexual activity with other men/women but have no real physical attraction to them but do it for either the 'taboo ' or just because it can be 'hot ' in that moment .
some may have an emotional attraction but be disgusted by the physical parts .
one does n't have to be gay or bi you 're just you .
life is too damned short to try and force yourself into someone else 's box .
oh yeah that 's exactly the sort of thing i mean .
that gets bonus points for being a race that you are n't even sure you really want to do but kind of feel you have to at this point .
rents are inflating to insane prices literally everywhere esp .
canada but i dont wan na get into it because of places like airbnb .
so after they get kicked out theyre gon na have to find a shittier place for the same price because of this .
would be good to get a proper army together .
india the oldest still-existing civilization has recognized non binary genders for centuries and they even have unique roles in religious and cultural practices .
many civilizations considered eunuchs to exist outside the gender binary .
and the ama and apa recognize non binary identities and recommend usage of they/them when requested as part of best practice .
you have constructed more straw men in this exchange than i have made arguments !
it 's sort of hilarious how untethered from my responses you are .
it allows you to change the volume of the shutter sound .
it wo n't allow you to take pictures if it is muted but you can turn it down to 1 which is basically inaudible anyway .
because i 'm not looking to do any fancy modding atm just repairs .
i think i should 've been more clear but i mean top 30 and top 25 in the marlins systems .
carlito 's way donnie brasco a bronx tale casino blow king of new york
i 'd say out of those donnie brasco is closest to the sopranos level of organised crime .
also check out true romance i would n't say it is specifically a mafia movie although they are involved but it has a very good small role played by james gandolfini .
also gary oldman plays a pimp which is an awesome performance !
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/about/rules of r/dating_advice in mind while participating here .
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdating_advice we rely on user reports to find rule-breaking behavior quickly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dating_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
as an arizonan i 'm sickened and shocked that honor does n't belong to us
oh you mentioned general anesthesia so i assumed you 'd be knocked out .
in either case they 'll definitely have you drugged enough not to move around so you 'll just lay back with your eyes closed .
if you 're nervous about the blood and needles and the like for real the anesthesiologist is your friend .
i 've had them tell me things like oh and we threw benedryl in because you mentioned xyz dye bothered you . ''
they 'll have no problem giving you something that 'll make you less panicky about the blood .
they do n't want your freaking out on the table when they 're working on you .
i was awake for the angiogram dye test and even for that they had me so drugged i could barely talk and that was one incision into a vein .
again for sure talk to your surgeon and anesthesiologist about these concerns but if you 're open about your worries i 'm sure they 'll be accommodating .
why is he as highly lauded as people make him out to be ?
arrival is one of the best sci-fi movies to come out in recent years imo .
what if the employer has a policy about religious expression in the workplace ?
employers should not try to suppress all religious expression in the workplace .
title vii requires that employers accommodate an employee 's sincerely held religious belief in engaging in religious expression in the workplace to the extent that they can do so without undue hardship on the operation of the business .
because bc is beautiful ... everyone wants to live here .
is it any wonder the wages are low and the housing is high ?
sounds like a lot of you did it wrong trust me ''
i agree that this movie is overhyped and even though it 's not a bad movie it also is not the groundbreaking thought provoking masterpiece all you retired scene kids keep insisting it is .
just another one of those i 'm so weird and different for liking this '' movie
i was too focused on what it was to get any photo or video .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if this action was wrong simply reply 'wrong ' to this post and a moderator will check it .
i get confused when posts use similar templates or there are large amounts of white or black space .
see more about the algorithm and how i work at r/magic_eye_bot
i 'm wearing a t-shirt now with the exact picture on it
you 'll learn quickly why they are n't in fashion if you ever have to drive a car .
capes and cloaks are awesome when just walking around but completely impractical if you have to use your hands .
btw i 'm jealous i have that gohan i only got boujack from that banner
hope this game makes people in this thread stop overreacting about montrezl recent performances .
guy is clearly a monster and the soul of the team .
people tend to forget his big moments and his crescent improvement too fast
the skin on his forehead is not the same as the rest .
because r-pics is supposed to be about photos not political bullshit .
good for you i would personally call tai otoshi a short person 's throw for that very reason .
obviously anyone can do any throw but ive seen that that one comes naturally to shorter folks faster
attractive lady at the dog park hey i ran out of poop bags do you have an extra ?
me pointing to a bin of plastic bags 30 yards away there are a bunch over there .
you do n't need his permission to cut your hair .
if he 's going to break up with you over something as stupid as a haircut then he does n't really love you .
someone who loves you and not just your hair will care about how you feel about your hair and wo n't try to control you or forbid '' you to do what you want with it .
any guy who will break up with you over a haircut is not worth dating .
so get your haircut and if he break up with you good riddance .
find yourself someone who will love you for you and not just your hair or looks .
oo i 'm currently reading the webtoon and i 'm almost caught up with its recent release .
i 've seen clips from the kdrama and it just does n't compare .
i enjoy our rivalry and am only salty that we 've been straight dumpster fire this year .
we will turn things around eventually but this year looks like a bust .
luckily the league is as exciting as ever so i 've been enjoying watching lots of games rather than just the blazers .
here recently it reads that i have some games but then turns around and does n't show them .
but now it 's not even starting up my games just says it took too long to read
if people dont feel safe around you then they have the right to kick you out of the bar .
people in my town just died last week because someone exercised their rights '' by bringing a gun out to a public place and decided to shoot 6 people .
at the top right of your versa screen in the app you 'll see a trash can .
when you click it it will then say remove this versa from your account .
do that and go through the setup again to add it back .
the idea that eventually i 'll die and my family and friends will die and i can never be sure if after death i 'll be able to see my family or friends again .
losing people i love is definitely the scariest thing to me .
ribs is n't a snack ... and why would a skeleton like eating them
if anything is changed its balancing the game of players and an end to the cheating that 's needed .
znd the 2 game changers can go change another game .
his wife who is a doctor says he 's a perfectly normal-sized boy !
it 's neither low-effort or quality i spent 30 minutes acquiring and editing the picture and for a meme it should n't take that long .
it looks for honor related it also gives significance to the game by showing how the for honor dev team does n't give any exact date/time on the release of the new armor sets .
i increased the visual quality of the image to the best of my ability and made sure that the game texts and hud were out of the picture along with putting both heros in the picture without cropping a hero out .
this is also not a template meme because it is from my game and not taken from the internet .
my apologies for trying to make some people a relatable meme .
that 's what rbn is for helping each other down the road .
it may still hurt sometimes you may feel guilt or anger or sadness out of nowhere or you may feel nothing but relief .
there 's no one size fits all to recovery .
my proviso got pissed on within a couple visits .
toxics do n't have any real interest in any rights except their own .
that 's the entire reason i wo n't play any activision/blizzard games .
but if most of it is going to be 1080p i might as well make my own upscale module 🤷🏻‍♂️
i can probably do it faster too on an fpga
when i was a kid i thought if something had a right angle it could n't cut you ...
so a leaned on a window pain when doing the recycling .
it was better than it should have been but i 'm positive i 'm dying rn
i always wondered if it had to do with his abandonment issues ?
like he 's afraid of the way peyton made him feel and did n't want to put himself in a vulnerable position for the fear of being rejected again .
because he never denies being in love with peyton but he wanted to badly believe he had moved on and was in love with lindsey .
that 's why him saying over and over again that he loves lindsey is maybe lucas just trying to convince himself that he is .
make sure to move your arm around and massage the area if you 're not already too sore .
all i know is that this is what the patchnotes in steamdb says .
a variety of well known brands that i have n't bought but would love to try .
i 'm tired of tarte pur purlisse utube collabs brown lippies highlighters bronzer black eyeliners mascaras and repeats .
i have enough of those until i 'm 90 lol .
my last box will be dec but i 'll still enjoy seeing all the unboxings .
wow robat karim governerate has fallen based off of this
dividends are usually not calculated correctly on stock page but they are paid correctly .
the problem is that she '' could 've easily cleaned it up but chose not to .
i 'm not sure how you 'd type it in though .
i think there are some cases where because the method does n't universally or generally apply the teacher would refuse it as an example .
the whole point of this kind of presentation is to provide an example of how something should be done to supplement the lesson .
give a ritual card of a smashed up trashcan that gives 5 plate vision
god what is it with you people and abortion .
dunno if you posted in that thread but i notice conservatives have this ... fixation with that thing in particular which strikes me as ... self defeating to put it mildly .
feel free to add to this if you wish to i 'll read it !
the really sad part is that china will inevitably win
you should take a picture of your food and then paint it onto a canvas .
it does n't necessarily mean they 're over the top or intense .
look at ted bundy charming as fuck and had all these women swooning over him but it was all fake .
not comparing you to a serial killer but he is a well-known psychopath with this trait .
sounds like you 're a bit more oblivious to the emotions which is more like autism
yeah but it 's a bulgarian dish and it 's not on google 😂 i have checked many dishes
aaaaaand decisions like this is why the kings are so consistently terrible
your submission has been flagged for removal due to high submission volume and common themes .
please post in our daily discussion thread https www.reddit.com/r/bitcoin/comments/dy1qrq/mentor_monday_november_18_2019_ask_all_your instead .
stealing art is low but reposting it the same day it was posted ?
my step-dad who married my mum when i was 2 was an awesomely nerdy dad to grow up with .
sadly a sudden stoke killed him instantly when he was 56 .
after his divorce from mum it was obvious that he was struggling with his sexual identity so i sat him down one day and told him that i knew he was gay and that i did n't care and that he was still my dad .
those who do not pay attention to history are bound to repeat it .
she 's ready to morph into her new identity so he can have the land and loans on the land .
she ca n't carry any physical baggage into her next iteration .
when people refuse to compromise on levels of cleanliness to reasonable degrees with me i 'm not motivated to be proactive about keeping things as clean as they want .
i think at least some of the people talking about mental loads are upset that they do n't have a shortcut to making other people feel exactly how they feel without ever having to change how they feel themselves .
i 'd give him away in a heartbeat for a go-to guy that could do the utilitarian stuff .
i 'm scared porn eventually wo n't be enough for him and he will have to cheat .
yeah entering week 7 and they 've diminished more or less
me too i had just enough for a red leather jacket after buying hp up/calcium/etc
you idiot as in me you 're forced to wear the stupid challenger uniform that was pointless
your comment has been removed for not properly wishing peace upon baby jesus at the end of your comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/darkjokes if you have any questions or concerns .
he 's a yes man with delusions of grandeur .
this is the guy that ran to the white house as russian collusion news was breaking .
i mean elds are more about dispatcher power and micromanagement than soley mileage tracking .
you 're lucky to have friends in the business !
got ta be his family or something or they won it
yeah definitely quit requiem and get a tank up in front .
aim for at least 14k hp with 1,2k def .
other stats are not important but it has to be ice look at w11 special passive .
get yourself angelica on more hp and speed for more heals .
then you need enough dps to break the shield before he can take his turn .
you just need better gear more awakes and skill ups .
so yeah just farm story/lab until you can do w9 .
until you get important lvl85 right side gear for alle the juicy percentage main stats you need .
later you can switch to angelica 2dps+furious or similar setups for faster clearing
thanks i thought about that but there would be some coi issues i would have to work on
this would be just as much of a modification though .
vancian magic is characterised by the need to memorise spells forgetting them as soon as they are cast .
that is n't at all how magic works in ars magica .
there once you have invented a formulaic spell you can cast it at will although success may be uncertain and as you say you can produce new effects at a moments notice with spontaneous magic .
how does insulting an entire group of people because they are serb not fit into this ?
with yet another look i 'm guessing the term radiomics '' is n't helping.. haha
so everyone wants a ditto from a region they are n't in so they can avoid trying to look for pokémon of the same egg groups
for my its diarrhea i tend to wish for it so it gives me a day off work .
it was recently granted to me but on a sunday .
this right here is the key to rhythm games .
you should make the weird white rope hair into a braid
if you do n't make money with those guys it 's on you ! ''
i 'm watching on mobile but i 'm pretty sure i 'm not that blind .
brown gets blatantly tripped by filpula who then scores .
and then white gives a jab to bernier who then jabs him back and then gets dog piles by two red wings but gets the only penalty .
is this what we 're gon na do tonight refs ?
they will be included in the game when we get to the correct part of the story in a future game .
this game is literally only the beginning of the story that takes place in midgar .
do a reverse image search or dm me cuz i do n't feel like doxxing myself atm but he 's a good guy
thanks could n't find a source for it so watched it anime but it was hype af .
wow..marcus smart is a warrior i 'm now contemplating if i should use my 1 waiver claim for him 14 team 13 cat super active money roto league .
telling them to increase their cadence by say 5 percent results in shorter smoother strides and reduces loads on the knee and hip .
that 's cueing a downstream symptom in the hope it fixes the actual problem overstriding .
just tell people to not overstride specifically and cadence fixes itself .
because i can increase my cadence just by running faster while still overstriding the whole time .
i mean it 's semantics at this point but when you are conversing via text with people not sure what good form is i.e .
it 's not a specific step count semantics is a big deal .
i have him as my 11th man in case i need extra defense at the backup 1 or 2 .
he clamps can drive the lane and hit the corner 3 fairly regularly .
visit r/underrated_gup for posts of the underrated girls of gup !
depends what color is she and how white is the victim ?
pretty sure they broke right through the helmet in a few cases .
viewership and money anyone who spends 80k to get one unit is a bad influencer to the playerbase of the game almost making people believe that they need to acquire a unit to play the game just my two cents
fortunately there are also plenty more who do not support him .
you can tell someone does n't know basketball when they start using nba awards '' to analyze players .
remember when casey won coach of the year not too long ago ?
remember when d'lo got the last all-star spot over siakam .
if you put simmons on the grizzlies last season he would n't have been an all-star .
it seems you value my opinion very highly since you responded to it in such a knee jerk reaction way .
i bought this one https www.bunnings.com.au/envirosafe-jumbo-fly-catcher-with-refill_p2961357 but you can buy just the attractant and use a home made version i think there 's a few designs online .
i 've been told rotting prawn shells work as bait too but i get a few weeks and a few thousand flies with only one jumbo attractant pack just got ta keep adding water .
this has occurred because your account is less than 3 days old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cursedimages if you have any questions or concerns .
if this is serious you should pass the conference organizers will understand as long as you explain .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your question has been removed as it looks like you 're asking a question that violates r/askreddit 's rule 3 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3
dae does anybody else '' questions and questions that can be answered with yes '' or no '' are not allowed in r/askreddit .
try rephrasing your question to be more open ended or submitting to one of the following subreddits
otherwise if these do n't fit your needs check out the multireddits in our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/about/sidebar which cover almost every topic imaginable thanks !
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=help+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+for+being+help+related please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/dyufd9/does_anyone_here_actually_care_about_karma_points .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
looking for non-english ditto for english ditto pm or comment if interested !
like when you do n't sleep for so many nights in a row phantoms appear .
hi guys i 've been thinking about taking up a new hobby that 'll encourage me to go out and meet new people as well as get in a workout .
was considering wall climbing at camp5 1utama but not sure if i can be consistent with it since it 's kinda expensive .
will try their introductory course and see how it goes .
any reasonable places you would recommend for group classes around jln klang lama/midvalley/sri petaling/bangsar/bangsar south ?
after spending about an hour in it i just had my first experience with a roaming live performer and it was great .
it reminded me a lot of immersive theatre experiences i 've had super exciting and unpredictable .
even without the live multiplayer aspect the storytelling part of it is fascinating and i want to spend a lot more time exploring it .
my wife wants me to douse holes with warm being ''
here are a few tips to minimize your risks when trading in let 's go pikachu/eevee !
most scammers place other users in private situations to avoid having their actions seen in public .
also note that for your trade to count for flair every part of the conversation should be public so that all details can be confirmed .
since another random player can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner is using it is important that you double check that you are trading with the right person .
if you are trading shiny pokémon please make sure that your post and other users ' offers contain the full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules .
this is to provide more visibility so you know how the pokémon you are trading for was obtained .
if you see any posts that do not have the full details please report it so that the moderators can be aware of the situation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
went pretty well 1 exam to go then hopefully i hear back from the jobs i applied for in the near future so i 'm not sitting here all holiday doing nothing lmao
i strongly recommend finding mental health care professionals that will actually listen to you .
i was in the same place with having gory intrusive thoughts of ending it all .
i still get those thoughts today and i 'm still fighting them .
but i thought that i was n't gon na make it .
a small glimmer of hope is slowly growing within me .
but it will always be a battle especially for us .
one day when we 've been fighting for so long we will realize wow things have gotten better '' .
i recommend finding new relationships with people who will actually be there for you and accept you such as family and even friends .
trust me i 've been there with no control over my thoughts which led to impulsive self-destructive behavior .
find the right therapist and psychiatrist i know it feels like there is no hope right now but there is .
you do n't and the post did n't imply that .
russia is n't 100 europe or asia it 's divided .
kalmykia is in the european part and the westernmost crossing from russia to china is still well within asia .
people act like marino was putting up 1984 type seasons year in year out .
he was never even remotely close to that level of performance ever again
i understand sony still has the rights and i 'm not saying you 're wrong .
i just want to try you never know when the impossible might happen
you are claiming they are 2x as profitable as apple .
which i should n't have to explain is far from the truth .
i have to agree with the mods that this is nsfw .
it 's a great cosplay but i would not want this on the screen in my office .
everything from now on will be more lgtb friendly because they if not they 'll start crying .
spackle and paint make up for what a carpenter ai n't
very slim but it 's possible the tide could shift rapidly .
i did n't do anything to make the event happen per se it 's more that the berserker trait which makes the even fire often goes away when you get old but i would just a become a berserker again through the warrior lodge and keep getting the event .
it 's mainly just that i got pretty lucky with the mtt for the event and it fired a lot and it helped that i stayed a berserker for longer than you 're usually able to by using a warrior lodge mechanic .
i mean so do i but i guess it is just a witty joke .
maybe you should learn about the human body before you do anything else
the movie battleship probably had the earliest leave time .
yeah that 's what i was thinking does the current wording mean sacrificing to any altar flips it ?
is there a wording to get around this issue ?
all answers must be informed and aimed at helping the op and other readers reach an understanding of the issues at hand .
answers must portray an accurate picture of the issue and the philosophical literature .
repeated or serious violations of the subreddit rules https reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/wiki/rules will result in a ban .
this is a shared account that is only used for notifications .
please do not reply as your message will go unread .
i was just wondering yesterday if there were any exercises with feet in the trx straps !
i may try to pick up a class tomorrow out of sheer curiosity !
season 1 would probably be a 8 second be a 6 third be a 5 and the fourth season would be a 2 .
to be honest the first season is the only good season that it seemed like they tried imo .
epa is meant to be in a 3:1 ratio to dha .
dha is thought to be ineffective on its own .
i renamed the files to proper titles removed the folder re-sync 'd my library deleted trash cleaned bundles moved the files back and re-sync 'd .
yet they 're still showing up with really odd titles ?
i 'm obviously missing something but i 'm not sure what .
it 's little things like this that drive me crazy after spending so much time perfecting everything else .
since you do n't care waste deep in a creek it is to spar then !
i sooo wish we could would be a blast i ca n't get anyone to spar/train on my level around here
i 'd like to add i 've done extensive research on the substances i understand the plateaus for the most part .
just want to know what 's fun about it really and what to do while on it to have a good experience !
also i 'm in canada so what kind of cough syrup would you suggest ?
the thermostat is on but its already at the set temp .
and if they do the water has to actually be high enough to cover whatever is cooked on .
just splashing water in the bottom of a pan does absolutley nothing .
acronyms initialisms abbreviations contractions and other phrases which expand to something larger that i 've seen in this thread
pb r/choices/comments/dytkkp/stub/f856e4y last usage '' pixelberry studios publisher of choices
6 acronyms in this thread the most compressed thread commented on today r/choices/comments/dzkadn has 32 acronyms .
thread 7395 for this sub first seen 20th nov 2019 03:41
just go in looking like you 're going back to your seat .
maybe carry a drink or something with you to blend in if you get nervous
and i 'd have to say fry because of how sensitive loyal and sweet he is.even though he 's lazy and does n't care about his job he works hard to win leela over and over again .
please remember to flair your post if you have n't done that yet .
it should be in the menu under your post right next to spam '' button .
failure to follow this rule will result in a permanent ban .
if someone posts spoilers in the comments please report .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/deathstranding if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a wide variety of different types of people i like to be friends with .
those were my bread and butter during my cd dubbing years .
they always sounded pretty decent a step above the type i for sure .
i had a few type iv here and there but not because i could afford them new .
can you tell me what those case fans are ?
i was looking for rgb case fans that can have the dual colours like yours .
i 've never met anyone who scored a professional job showing up to an interview in casual slacks and a white tshirt .
and even then the pants dont fit me right !
what fits my butt doesnt fit my waist or makes me look too sexy which is n't appropriate or comfortable for me .
high waisted stuff makes me look frumpy because my torso is short and chest is big so it just sits on top of the waistband like a shelf .
i hate fashion i hate the limitations i have in choices and i hate my body .
mlb turned a blind eye to steroids for home runs and ratings .
as bad as the numbers look now lots and lots of runs would help viewership .
density therefore changes dramatically from the outside to the inside
ignoring ephemeral perturbations it seems like the density would have to be uniform .
... though at a maximal critical density shock-waves would travel at c .
yep especially in sim battles and even more so with planes like the f-4
new scientific study shows strong correlation between weed and being an immortal flawless paragon of greatness
also new study shows religious people are dumb dumbs with le low iq
well bardock 's spawn killed both cooler and frieza so it makes sense
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags .
please check the sidebar for information about tagging your submission properly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cosplay if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not sure which one you 're talking about ?
can you point out its location in this picture https pbs.twimg.com/media/dmdieb2vqaaop3u.jpg ?
so this one guy i 'm hanging with is gorgeous and totally into me .
i met him at the gym where i worked at the time .
he looked like a panther with green huge eyes .
i was on the rag and i use what my best friend lovingly calls pussy diapers i tell her she uses pussy plugs tampons but i digress anyway so i 'm trying to steer the convo away from anything sexual because i 'm just getting to know this guy but he 's insisting he wants to eat me out .
in my brain i 'm thinking gross but he is super into it and he is hot so i 'm like ok whatever ... and pulls off the panties and as i am standing he kneels in front of me and starts going at it .
the pad is hitting his chin and he dgaf .
i 'm not a big fan of oral to be honest i 'm more of a magical fingers type of woman and with my period even less .
i just looked at him gravely and told him please stop and he did he was n't a creep or anything my next words were super awkward but i was like i have to go or something to that effect this was a while ago .
i ran out of there and he never was able to face me again .
i can not explain the feeling of disgust i got .
i must have exuded it with my whole being .
i really just could n't see him as an equal after that .
i felt somehow he was too submissive or something ? .
he thought i was some goddess and i just kept thinking you 're a pig lol
my ex tried but i could n't deal either but it was a more positive experience for me .
like to me men that do that are ayyy i do n't know ... i ca n't even describe properly what i feel about it all .
i hope you laugh lots cross stitch like crazy and have th coziest bath ever !
i have to know what pattern are you going to cross stitch ? !
happy to be a pussy if being a pussy means valuing your life .
duh world orange juice clam soup with spoon white kitchen wood floor bucket of tradition floor wax black people
what were the side effects and did you notice them even when you got to lower doses 2mg or so ?
when you finally jumped off how long did it take for you to feel completely normal
just a basic render of him with a springtrap pose but eh .
if russia invades some area in the eu in eastern europe and says that they will nuke france if france nukes them do you think france would nuke russia ?
i have tried pretraining the generator just with pixel loss yes .
it worked okay not as well as i wanted .
was so crowded when i got to keliking beach unfortunately .
that kcp 3 was like a no no no yesss ! !
serious question why go through the trouble of converting an m11/9 into a longer smg or even a rifle ?
it seems like at this point so little of the original gun 's functionality is left that its pretty much a separate weapon .
i came up with the idea sometime around volume 4 only half of which i watched and i 've put it to paper but never into the public .
in that universe he played kim jung un in golf for denuclearization and won .
what if you do n't know where it is exactly though ?
ex austin have rideaustin same with uber but ride austin take only 1 per ride and all goes to driver they also have extensive background check and chauffeur license
this bill only adds to the rhetoric that us is once again imposing imperial reach on foreign nations .
worst case is ccp bites the bullet and shut down hk and end the loop hole .
without the trade function hk literally has nothing going for it as far as an asset .
hk produces no good and it 's existing function replace by other cities of china .
also trust would be marginal since us is known only for its self interest .
it 's rather naive to think any country in power does anything except for its own interest .
lastly as horrible as i think ccp is doing it is pretty pompous of us telling how other countries can behave yet we have yet to be the model country we want others to follow .
gitmo still there and we treat puerto rico as a second class region .
same force on one fourth the mass assuming f to be the net force no others would be four times the acceleration .
is there a figure or graphic with this problem ?
but it also boost many other jobs related to the personal dreams '' stat meaning new player can go for really well paying jobs to be artists which rarely get paid
can we please get the option to toggle our relics in the twisted league ?
for the hardcore harvester aerial fishing and barb fishing two important activities for the game-mode are basically unbearable having to drop your inventory all the time .
i would also like to access the tanner in the forthos dungeon but the only feasible way is to kill the shaeded beast but then i need to offer 100 dragon bones to the altar to return it to being usable .
but i picked dark altar devotion so there is no way for me to get said bones as they bury themselves .
any chance this is being looked into or is even possible ?
ngl recasting smokescreen with the suggested augment can make the tileset filled with tigris and soma bullets flying around due to viral proc
i think at most they move him on to a military base and give him a cid detail to keep crazy maga freaks from trying to take him out .
a 300 million funding round led by tencent brought the company 's valuation to 3 billion .
part of me thinks someone did try some kind of campaign like that .
i guess i 've got a folder labelled dawn of shadows on my hdd that may be an alternative to the dod campaign .
not a great night obviously but i hope it does n't get the boys down too much .
a big win against vegas thursday would be a great way to inaugurate another winning streak .
i do n't know if i should like it or not ?
its because jolyne lives in the us so her japanese last name got americanized ''
how does one go about obtaining a commissioned drawing ?
this is a cheap stunt and no one believes the sincerity of it .
she cheated on her husband and married her brother .
this looks like a 3rd party kit either daban or dragon momoko .
they both based their mg strike freedom on bandai 's metal build .
sil should have described you as a career student since you say you primarily do research !
heaven forbid she mistake you for something as awesome as a teacher !
you can add me wo n't be on till later as i 'm at work right now
this is like the 6th comment you 've made that avoids my arguments .
you have so much pride that you lie knowing that both of us are actually aware that you 're being dishonest .
you can literally scroll up and read what happened .
i wonder how many more comments you will make without addressing the problems with your poor excuse for an argument ?
i understand you 're doing the right thing upholding the good of the sub.i usually really hate when people do low effort stuff like thrown together shitty food posts.but it does give off a weirdly cursed vibe though
on scale of not racist to trump it 's a mayo sandwich at a picnic on a warm day .
i started grad school on medication and with therapy and i 'm having a really hard time coping .
and enough money to cover anything i need to keep the stress away and a little extra for fun stuff and really nice food every once in a while .
as of yet i have n't figured out how to do it sustainably so i 've been working to save up then not working for 3-9 months at a time depending on how long i can with the money i 've got .
i want to always be able to do what i want because i want to do something different everyday
ten hours is way too long for any dog to be crated let alone one going through so many transitions .
is this something that is going to be common ?
are you planning to have a dog walker take her for a few hours every day ?
maybe right now is n't the time for a dog ?
on the hardest setting i did not die once the game is much easier than other games .
without being spoiler-y there 's a part in the game where you have to figure out what to do based on what happened when you 've been attacked before .
the problem is i was never successfully attacked before so i had no clue what to do !
theres a health item that completely heals you in one go as well .
there are a fair amount of things the game warns you to never do so i just never did them !
i honestly do n't know if you are sarcastic or seriously do n't know
i feel like it 's the latter honestly as i can replay the gba ds games and have a great time .
mirror infront of me and i 'm always wondering if i should be looking directly at it or slightly down etc .
i am using a roughly 1 inch block it feels like my body is in a lot more of a comfortable position than if it would be lower .
i lift 95 for aesthetics am i missing something by doing it like that ?
info did you make a joke yourself or just agree with their jokes ?
seems like every time i get kind of sick of my job i bump into someone who tells me how cool and interesting it is and how much they wish they could do the same thing .
there 's a lot of really unhappy people out there .
i 'm thankful that i 'm not one of them .
on the other hand i feel kind of fucked up for deriving my own personal fulfillment from the relative dissatisfaction of others ' .
people have been able to run their ram at 3800mhz on this board specifically .
qvl listing has n't been updated for a long time also .
we have absolutely no idea what to do with a lead going into the 4th .
or even at this point a lead at the end of regulation .
i do n't know how many more ot 's i can handle .
i guess what i 'm a bit confused about is where i 'd connect the led wiring onto the pcb itself .
if i just wanted my buttons to light up when the box itself is powered would i just follow the second option and somehow connect it to the p1/vcc points on the board 's j2 port ?
i 'm assuming that it would automatically assume i 'm player 1 if i connect to my pc .
if i took the led strips and re-purposed them would those have the necessary resistors already built in ?
i 've read that you should n't just wire an led up to a power source without a resistor connected in series but i 'm not familiar with the details of this .
how would i get the team on chem that 's my current problem
ca n't wait for the toronto panel to tell us how much better the leafs are .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
i wonder if they will all make it to the 2020 election
also that fiddle leaf fig in the back is amazing !
dont you knock someones enjoying thier life for few moments !
1 you can find a variety of shapes sizes colours etc of glass or plastic tupperware and jars at the thrift store .
i 've found some great kitchen supplies at the thrift shop that i 've been able to give a second life !
2 reuse packaging from the food items you buy .
ex as you empty out jars from pickles jams nut butters curry pastes etc .
if you 're into candles remove the remnants of the wax when you 're done with the candles removes the adhesive i use goo gone but other people claim to have had success with cooking oils and reuse those jars .
i keep all of my loose leaf teas in my old yankee candle jars !
once i finally watched the part of paul 's video i can see how it 's easily doable now .
i went to the good-wood store today and uh 200 later ...
however posting a pic like this unironically or for any purpose other than to make fun of it like you folks are is crinfy af .
for years i 've been doing it pretty much any time i 'm alone and bored and now i 've perfected the art .
so frustrating ... . everyone is always so quick to jump on the taylor hate train .
it 's one thing to say you prefer one album over another but the rudeness is completely unnecessary
the entire ava thing was unnecessary and i think only served to draw an izzie denny parallel
do you have more upper cabinets for storage since you replaced those with a shelf ?
and also i feel like extending the countertop like that is gon na result in a lot of hipbone bruises .
the world is n't that black and white i care about animals i 'd never hurt them the guy in this video was n't hurting the monkey at all grow up
thank you for confirming that u/l1cker1sh has provided helpful advice for you .
then again we 're not in an ideal world .
everyday they get their hands on something proceed to destroy it then go to the next .
there is just one thing that can answer it asking her .
it could lead to embarassing yourself but everything else is just someone 's guess ...
if you have a vernier at home i highly suggest you calibrate your steppers .
that much wobble might mean that one or two of your axes are a bit out
more like desperate and livid over anyone being able to vote for a crook like trump .
it is irrational to go from sanders to trump because they represent polar opposite perceptions .
it quite literally makes no sense to make that switch .
i get people just want a change but holy hell .
i think heated words are fine when people build their foundation on false beliefs instead of actualities .
all my friends that voted sanders and did n't want to vote clinton had no good reason .
it was all the same bullshit conspiracy with no actual knowledge of the electoral system .
just to be clear clinton lost the election to trump he did n't win it .
the fact that the dems still do n't get it is unfathomable to me .
the fact is sanders should have his own party .
the electoral system in the us should not be a two-party system but that is not the case so vote in people that can change it and not criminal wannabe gangsters who have not done a day 's work in their entire life .
voting for someone to blow up the system is n't how that will change for the better .
good to have an actual and rational discussion tho .
do n't be silly your last boyfriend was a jerk nobody not even you should say that kind of things about you if he does n't feel attracted to you anymore then it 's ok maybe he was n't for you or maybe you where not ready for a new relationship if your heart and self esteem are n't good enough right now you need to know how much is your value be the better version of yourself do your best be brave and happy if this guy does n't feel attracted to you anymore then he is the one lossing not you appreciate yourself you are worth it hope it helps you ✌️
it 's not the same with it not in client though .
please do your best to respond to commenters as they take the time and effort to read your post and give you advice .
if a commenter provides advice that is helpful please respond to the comment with the word '' helped '' anywhere in your comment .
this will give the commenter an advice point which will show that the commenter is a helpful member of this subreddit .
you can respond to as many comments as you want and we encourage it if they help you even a little bit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/advice if you have any questions or concerns .
i think problem is not which ones stands out more problem is that you dont know what you are going to see .
so if you expect to see black sas head and see brown fbi your expectation gets rekt .
that is n't convergence that 's just something he did
no problems bro it was my pleasure to write such a message .
but you were the inspiration for such words so i have to say thank you for sharing that pic .
and im totally cool with that sure thing you defo can message me anytime .
again you said cage lost to men the same weight as tessa blanchard and i asked who .
it 's not that complicated or unreasonable a question .
i can not think of any male wrestler who weighs that much and is n't presented as a mini .
were you even here when orton first said the n word ?
i recommed to start watching a show that 's not in your native language .
it 's in german so i watch it with english subtitles .
you have to look at the screen and pay attention or else you 'll miss out on so much of the storyline .
i look them right in the eyes and piss myself while yelling out conspiracy theories .
tips end up being pretty shitty but it is what it is .
i 'm always an active sub so here is mine again if you are looking for one that works .
do n't forget to enable your security key after you apply referral code http www.swtor.com/info/security-key http www.swtor.com/info/security-key
do you got something like a discord for the event/s ?
i 'm in hawaii for a week my schedule is kinda off .
but removing it from everything execept stealth kills is still ridiculous .
it used to be a decent way to level up snipers or some other weapons which did not require to hole up in sedna or uranus survival
he sounds like he 's being murdered every time i swear .
looks like this really backfired as we all predicted it would .
let this be a lesson for nba executives or any executive for that matter .
never exclude a part of the market out of spite or hatred .
do you know anyone who works in the icu that you want to work in ?
maybe someone from your cohort in nursing school that could help you set up a meeting with the managers ?
some places do job fairs can you see if any facilities around have any coming up ?
bring your resume and try and seek out unit managers there .
like someone else said a step down unit could also be a good stepping stone .
have you evaluated your resume to make sure it is geared towards icu positions ?
it could be getting auto rejected if it does n't have the right keywords .
the fact that there are so many anti-trans posters here reminds me that mrm does still need work .
but to anyone commenting by stating that trans-men and trans-women are n't their respective gender then do a basic google search on studies involving trans brains and the patterns that emerged showing trans brains are literally more like the the brains found in their cis counterparts .
which literally means the entire argument of they 're not biologically male ! ''
is invalid because well the brain is a part of biology .
and im only asking because you say that you tried beating their asses but they did n't want to fight !
lots of show go on for longer and maintain fan interest and quality why not give lucifer that chance ?
she is an adult and should have confronted them as adults .
i am fighting so so hard just almost nobody recognizes it .
i wish i could say things have gotten better in that 2 years but i honestly think they 've gotten worse .
i do n't know i guess i just live with it now
what do you mean by mediocre tier of play ?
getting a lot of kills and winning games too ?
go to any latin american country for a more relaxed concept of time. its like a prerequisite for living there is removing the stick from their ass .
ross is one of my all time favourites and i do n't have a single copy yet
because court cases in india drag on for years especially if one of the parties does n't want to end it quickly .
in my friend 's case he filed for divorce first and the girl simply paid off the postman for more than a year to not receive the summons .
he would go to the court every month for the hearing to be told the summons had not reached the court would send it again and to come back next month .
it is n't like films where the case is wrapped up in twenty minutes .
to make things worse divorce cases go through family courts in india which have easily bribable employees and who have no motivation to speed anything up .
because the courts are heavily in favour of the girl nearly always .
it 's an artefact of the times when laws needed to be balanced to give women some legal protection from dowry .
infidelity would be countered by the husband is a bad guy who beat me up and demanded dowry '' gambit which it looks like is already in play .
another reply to my original tweet points out the time and harassment the boy 's family would go through and i thoroughly agree .
the husband is in the us but his family is here it only needs a few cops to be bribed to get them arrested and thrown in jail and 498a means instant jail no anticipatory bail possible afaik .
where vettel was the third car to get hit but sure .
everyone who has a will to live will not do that
what we really need is a long therapy system to be made available to those who serve their time in the armed forces and we need to honestly shrink them a little bit .
even if they were only 60 as large that 'd be enough for me since we do n't still need to be at ww2 wartime readiness .
we have more cvn 's in active service than the rest of the world has aircraft carriers period .
that money on its own would pay for single payer and let us house homeless vets rather than just give the frankenstein establishment even more power to wage war .
note i do not do nudity in any pics videos or sessions
all extras 5 extra days wear orgasm pussy stuffing .
20/15 minutes text 25/15 text with pics 30/15 with vids
level 1 100/week several texts throughout the day one play sessions
level 2 200/week several texts throughout the day 2 play sessions
level 3 300/week plenty of texting throughout the day 2-3 play sessions
level 4 400/week lots of texting throughout the day 3 play sessions
long term experiences are customized specifically to you and vary greatly !
requests not priced here are always welcome dm me to order
for exclusive deals and free content join my discord server !
the 4b is way too large preflop ... you should be going 4.50 5 as you are in position .
to this huge size villain can think about and maybe should fold 99-jj aqs which is really bad for us .
tbh it 's hard to think what villain has though since flatting this huge 4b oop does n't seem appealing with any hand .
if you went smaller though it would be a great flop to cbet range 20 pot or so since we smash this with our kk and ak that villain should mostly be jamming preflop .
qq is the one hand that wants to check since you are behind a k or better but ahead of jj or tt but cbetting small allows us to not split our range and unless we balance well which is hard to do we risk turning our hand face up with a check .
but yeah as played the cbet is way too big and aside from maybe getting villain to fold kjs or something you just get called by better and fold out worse .
i 'm 58 and go to the dispensary just for vapes .
i 'm in illinois i have a medical cannabis card but it becomes recreationaly legal on jan.1 .
when i want bud to smoke i still buy from my regular dealer .
much better pricing for the same grades of weed .
she seemed pretty constantly mad at finn in tlj until they rescued the horses she randomly kissed him .
i could n't really ascribe any trait to her other than stupid '' for attempting to save her friend by t-boning him at 300mph in a couple of rickety unicycle speeders .
i do n't understand the way guys think ok is it that hard to understand that guys wont be interested in you anymore once u start banging other dudes ?
there is no possible rehabilitation so by keeping that person alive all your doing is leaving the potential for them to kill again in prison and burdening the tax payer for literally no reason .
fantastic odds as long as it 's not directly visible .
stuff it on your carry on and you 're usually good to go .
my biggest problem with the new physics is how long it takes to get the hang of .
when you get used to it it actually feels kinda right but yea .
i 'm a classic zen table boi so i much prefer the original physics .
oh boy you 're going to awaken the horde .
that does n't help op at all tbh he'she is asking how to unlock it in the first place
lol that 's like a dude saying my friends made me make this profile
drop series '' ... twitch drops of some sort presumably ?
i 'd be more concerned when she starts sucking his cock
i imagine that it 's ran by human power .
you just reach up and pull the cart along the wire .
we migrated a few months ago and i 'm still having to walk my users through moving stuff onto the cloud .
they 're scared to do it until i explain that if their hard drive explodes they 're kinda screwed .
and i thought smug fuck was the perfect nickname smh .
you would have to enroll your device and install what are known as configuration profiles which they can configure to send back usage data .
there 's a lot of legality issues regarding that so unless it 's a managed device from the school you should n't be able to see the contents of your device .
however from the network level they 'll be able to see general information about your device and sometimes they 'll be able to see which websites you may be going to by tracing it back to your mac address or imei .
i will say though that going through confidential information of minors is a serious offense if i were a cop i would n't be tooting that i had the ability to do this .
gathering or going through underaged data has been a huge no-no .
heres one of the most egregious examples in my opinion .
he was one of the most well known football players in the world at the time it was big news when it happened .
one thursday i was really sick at work one day it was bad .
at the end of the day my boss said take tomorrow off if you 're feeling worse than you are now .
friday morning rolls around i felt worse so i took the day .
then he fired me for taking the day off .
i typically prefer gdts on r/hockey where it 's less of an echo chamber but for playoffs i stay in our sub .
especially last year when people would n't stfu about the refs always being in our corner .
discussion the last time i heard this riddle the question was who is going to st ives or how many are going to st ives
fuck dude you almost made me tap out the thread with this comment .
i 've lived in three different houses at my site .
my first host mom was a teacher at my school enjoyed living with her very much as she had daughters/son 's in law that were my age and would frequently visit .
but during winter the boiler broke and had to be repaired which required me to move out while the repairs were made .
i moved in with another babusia and lived with her through winter she was nice and took care of me a little too much which got rather annoying and after living with her through winter spring and summer the lunch lady at my school helped find me an independent living situation .
pc was never really an issue as i just sent an email to our ssm and cc 'd our pm and they 'd send our warden over to provide visual inspection and give the okay .
i know some volunteer who moved a lot one pcv lived in i believe 8 different houses before he eventually et 'd .
i never spoke with i 'm about the reasoning for the amount of moves .
but my experience is that pc tends to be supportive understanding that our living situations can be less than ideal and taxing on our mental health .
still required but i think it 's only if the sr stop is a layover on a booked sequence .
was looking at flights recently and cambodia angkor air 's inbound flight had an overnight layover as the flight comes in to pp via sr so a 2.5 hr flight becomes 16 hours !
if you book separate tickets you might be fine .
enter sr and pass through immigration then check in for a separately booked domestic flight to pp .
from a guy who almost got shunned from the nhl entirely to becoming a beloved hometown hero and stanley cup champ .
i think everyone already covered good options so i 'd just like to say it 's sweet of you to step out of your comfort zone and aim to get something specific enough to even be her favorite member .
i think she will appreciate whatever you choose to get a lot !
i 'd love to see how that is distributed statistically .
also if it 's true that most of the country has over a million dollars worth of assets and those assets are related to housing values i have to imagine a housing crash similar to 2008 in the us is on the horizon .
that does n't make sense for so many people to have so much real estate wealth in a country where land is not scarce .
that 's literally the longest run on sentence i 've ever seen .
there 's a lady who 's sure all that shimmers is fat ... and she 's buyyying a stairway to meatballs !
this seems to be a lot less hassle compared to a flatbed or dslr rog for scanning 35mm .. is it ?
edit would you be willing to share some examples ?
ah i too have a little black hole in my golden cup .
i know i think thats what sets me of .
just being left by your mom with a man she is leaving cause she realizes his an ass .
considering its older than the english language i doubt it
i hate building and i 'm not really any good at either .
plus it takes so much time i take forever making sims so after that i just want to start playing lol
i always just download lots from the gallery but yeah i do n't have all the packs so i usually end up with random bare walls or rabbit statues everywhere which drives me crazy bc then i have to spend time fixing everything haha
sneaky loading screen hidden behind an animation the game is full of them
the only thing here that is pointless is further discussion with you .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please use one of the following tags for your post
remember that automoderator will only detect tags in square brackets not curly braces pointy brackets or round brackets .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/healthcare if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's amazing how a comedian cam be on his podcast and theyll start riffing about whatever and joe uses the same lines .
i do n't think i 've laughed at anything he 's ever said .
what 's with all the complaining about queens recently ?
i guess the terrans and potosses just want to be able to fly into the zerg base with 2 oracles or a bc and get a free win ...
at what age does it stop being consent and start being rape ?
we have this modern idea of 18 but what is so different about a person from 17-18 ?
18 is a nice number for our modern laws but without those laws morally speaking when is a person too young to actually consent ?
and why then are people much younger tried as adults in court for heinous crimes ?
they 're too young to understand and be responsible for the consequences of their actions when it comes to sex but not when it comes to crime ?
obviously there is more than just age going on in this story but i think looking back at the world through our modern lense is a bit lazy .
i imagine historically speaking some 15 year old girl was extremely excited to be married off to a random man and the thought of that horrifies our modem sensibilities .
thru traffic traffic without a stop sign always has row over traffic with a stop sign or from an alley or driveway .
straight right left u-turn donuts in the middle of the street makes no difference .
op posted a picture the cross street most certainly had a stop sign given the gigantic letters painted on the road .
no it 's not it 's truthful and if you find the truth yo be mean than maybe you should n't be brigading other people 's subs
i was just using terms yanks could understand ca n't confuse them with too many colloquial terms you see ?
unfortunately i relapsed and went at them with a vengeance .
i was suggested to wear false eyelashes and put castor oil/jojoba oil on them every night .
the thing i love most about it is that the dumb option will couple with other skills you have invested points in .
a very unique and rewarding option for having a disadvantage in-game !
in the winter to stay warm pretty much the best thing is a long thick black coat .
padding jackets are ugly but people wear them because of the utility .
i 'm not sure adding more arsehole to the mix is a good idea .
i was there a fortnight ago we left cause a dust storm rolled in .
i suppose everyone is fires all over no water .
except the person in this scenario can and probably does have irish nationality .
lol yeah thats why he was the highest priced midfielder since start
this is a solution not a problem ... and it is also possible .
people have done it with animals in china already .
vic reeves is an institution here in the uk for some unknow reason .
i can honestly say he 's possibly the unfunniest man i 've ever seen .
i like the fact that hanging pawns is kind of like one of us .
sometimes i will find a killer move that he missed and post it as a comment .
one charge of the strong exstimulo does 85 of the damage of a whole wsp .
so you actually save 1h brewtime if you just skip it and tank the extra hit with a healing potion .
as for the invigoration potion yes as a solo auror they 're useless .
moria actually has a brother muira who helps draw .
starts every sentence as if the dog was talking look at him he 's like ... insert arbitrary thing a dog would say
already taking out remaining money in my bank account cause mostly the transactions here are cashless ...
you can attack toronto over a bunch of shit but i think that trade isnt one of them .
focus on ceci trade and their boat anchor elite contracts .
thats how you trigger a leafs fan assuming thats what you were going for
she wants to convince your so 's friends and family that you 're cheating .
subbed to your channel 47 did watch the hole video and like 25 !
please do the same favor for me and watch hole video like sub comment
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
or you 've had family die in the troubles .
i take-a de kids and i make-a dem gay !
the big caps lock button is normal for azerty keyboards
also if you wish to see how multiple layers of polarisation cause a quantum anomaly that is still to this day unexplained check this video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zcqzhyo7ons vl=en
like vinnie mac would have his top dog cheat on his wife
now just invest 10 for 40 years and retire at 65 with 2.2m in future dollars .
or 1.1m in current dollars if you assume inflation of 2 .
simple now just need to find a 10 after-tax return somewhere .
i was in exactly the same situation last month and ended up going for the c9 and to be honest i think it 's the best decision i have ever made tech wise .
having never had an oled before the picture quality is amazing and completely blows any other tv 's i have had out of the water .
i game a lot too so burn in is also a concern but like a previous commenter said you can hide the hud in most games now anyway hopefully they will add this option to jedi fallen order soon as currently you ca n't disable the green health bar in the bottom corner which is annoying .
i 've also got a gaming monitor i use for multiplayer games in which i need the hud but graphics are n't a big deal so you could think about doing that too .
always felt something off in the anime when i was watching that arc .
it 's not like she was holding a 30lb .
hahaha you ca n't deny what i said and try to be salty yourself ?
in fact you even confirmed what i said speak about the facts !
if such first place '' satisfy your ego good for you i do n't care
works with now tv a couple of times before cancellation
for me it was jhavi i did n't take a screenshot .
plus he was a nationally ranked swimmer once upon a time so i guess he thinks that he knows fitness and nutrition .
did n't think of patchwerk seeing as there was already the hero patches that more obviously does n't have hero power synergy with them
i can run it at around 75-80fps 1080p i 've got a 2070 super with an i7 6700k .
i 'm thinking with the right settings you could easily do it .
the only issues i get is with dx12 the trees flicker around but no stuttering or crashes on my end .
your submission was automatically removed because the title of your submission only consisted of one word .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
you complete the 3/3 for chapter 2 late in the game .
do n't want to spoil anything but it 's essentially completing your initial quest .
just embrace it and be a full on crazy person .
spend one day a month dressed like a hippy hobo downtown and just touch peoples eyebrows .
you were doing well for a while there until your argument stumbled and fell into a ravine .
bruh you do not understand how legit grateful i am that i get new memes on break .
what you can also do twisting the spine before going to bed relaxes all the muscles as well and it 's much easier to fall asleep .
from our point of view hybrid pow pos chains are the future and unity is certainly the first of it 's kind so it will have the first mover advantage besides the great team technical implementation at it 's core .
these alone makes us believe that it will also be the best in the future when there will also be more competition .
hybrid chains are the future because they offer the best of both worlds the descentralisation of a pow system and the scalability and low energy cost of a pos system .
consensus also greatly increases the security of the network as we all know that pow chains are prone to 51 attacks while pos alone can become highly centralized see eos .
it looks like you are posting from an account with negative karma .
we 're taking to combat trolling and spam to post in r/guitar your
please see rule 2 of our posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/guitar/wiki/welcome wiki_posting_guidelines .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/guitar if you have any questions or concerns .
the only way this could have gone better was for kari still facing off with io to reach behind her and tap asuka on the shoulder making her turn around .
asuka is surprised to see io at first but then breaks into an evil grin while nodding slowly yes soon soon the circle will be complete .
it 's pretty sad since it 's a routine thing for a coach to tell the team we want pucks to the net lots and lots of pucks on net and beat em to rebounds etc etc we have somehow turn them to quality shots on goals .
team needs to stay positive and fight through this as a group .
part of growing from a non playoff team are these types of adversities .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
haha ... i 6 starred purgis immediately after i read his description for the rebalance .
with counterset he has a 50 chance to hit everyone when you hit him .
and that hit brings speed down 20 cr reduction and a chance of aoe stun .
but i dont know whether to go for damage or effectiveness .
you mean like the plagues and diseases the europeans brought that wiped out 90 of the americas and erased massive porpotions of entire cultures ?
i guess those were not more contagious and deadly than any plague before it . ''
if you think this isnt possible again because of future medicine we should make a bet .
edit geo-engineering '' wow seriously are n't you just full of bullshit hope and delusion .
i take my 2 year old into the family '' bathroom if there is one otherwise the men 's room .
idk why you 'd go into the women 's room with a toddler lol .
i would n't say this about others but my being scum is one of the perfectly good reasons i choose not to reproduce .
im on am android and do n't have the app
as far as stormcast goes it seems to be a bit of everything .
i noticed all the vanguard and all the sacrosanct stuff .
the only thing missing was the extremis chamber dracoths and the stardrake .
there 's basic training for the air force and if you want to be a pilot or something you have to get more training for that .
a couple points from my original comment explaining why i am supportive of public transport and some extras
i live in a european city with bus and tram .
because i take the bus and tram daily i do n't require uber lyft taxi unless it 's an odd circumstance .
for example going to a friends party who lives across town and not feeling up to a return journey inebriated with the night schedule which runs less frequent .
even then that 's like twice three times in six months maybe .
60 in six months versus the cost of purchasing a car registration insurance and gas .
look tell me that you live in an area in the us where it is n't feasible for you to go without a car i understand and provided for that on my original comment .
but if you 're going to tell me that i 'm rich for taking three uber 's in six months and that 's more expensive than owning a car get the fuck right out of here since you apparently did n't read my original comments and at having difficult understanding what my position it .
by the way an uber in poland is not 20 for a ride .
what 's wrong with people who genuinely think the earth is flat .
being pressured by the general public isnt about feeling superior .
if they can do it you fucking can too and you should
it was n't really that big of a deal .
my parents made my siblings and i go to therapy for a while cause they thought it would fuck us up but it really was n't a big deal at all .
was weird at first but it seemed normal fairly quickly .
this being the first line really puts me off .
same here but reading on this does not even seem to be the main point .
well i do find my self to be beautiful .
i wish there is someone that as pretty as me .
farfetch 'd evolves by doing 3 critical hits in one battle yamask has a special condition for evolves as well
i 'm a music head ... there 's 100+gb of music i 've collected over the past 15 years on that ipod and much more on my hard drive at home .
tons of music/videos/podcasts in one place and it takes up no storage or battery on my phone .
especially since i think at some point he announced he planned to retire after fnc and then moves to na ?
great pic the expression was really fun to draw !
seriously if you voted for this guy fuck you grow a fucking brai before the next election
i appreciated her showing kindness and empathy to kween karishma .
her and janet are good people and serve as nice contrasts to the disingenuous cold missy .
we 're probably going to be stuck with him until the end now gag me .
at big companies it 's more about the org than anything else
yes it 's also known as operation overdue really good at capturing the humanity of the whole thing especially and mainly the rescue the part which is mostly left as a footnote when people talk about the crash .
je mening gaat recht tegen de wetenschappelijke consensus in namelijk .
bovendien komt er meer geld in de omloop en da 's goed voor de economie .
e en het kunnen korten op toeslagen is ook een mooi iets .
immers de zorg wordt nog duurder dus moet nog meer gesponsord worden .
van mijn part schafffen we ons toeslagen systeem trouwens af .
having been on both sides as the seller sending stuff and the person purchasing auspost will not deal with you fully .
go back to the company you bought it from and speak with them .
if auspost refund the parcel they will not pay you they 'll pay the person who sent it .
i know it 's stressy right now but auspost has been the most reasonable group to work with .
luck with it working out just might take longer than planned .
personally know one muslim who has done phd in sanskrit i believe the exact degree i do n't remember .
you would hardly find more virat country loving muslim guiding islamist hating muslim person like him .
honestly i bought my 6700k a year before zen came out kinda regret it but at the same time zen 1 's ipc compared to my skylake was still meh .
looking at ryzen now it wasnt even called that when i bought my 6700k im a little peeved at the choice i made .
i cant say the 6700k was a bad choice its still a fast little fucker but for sure its way behind in multi core performance now .
running a 1050ti id say you dont really have to worry unless and until you make a serious gpu bump .
it 's like being called a rapist with no evidence .
i am pretty sure all outlets will have these for 350 or less next week .
if you have a rbc mastercard elite you can load up a 15 statement credit at the source for over 100 dollar purchases .
i plan on buying these from the source next week .
duuuude i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who can only work part time .
my managers look at me like i 'm lazy cause i do n't put in 40 hour weeks i look at it like we are full time full time school and part time working .
that 's like full time and a half lol .
worst part is my managers are n't even boomers scheduling me during school and acting surprised that i did n't just ditch class to work .
sometimes i just wish it was as easy as boomers say it is
i really hope i did n't cause any offense .
whoops bug is maybe the wrong word to use in a computer-centric subreddit .
i just mean that thing that seems to make thinkpad users feel the need to acquire more and more thinkpads .
it 's actually incredibly fun to use and make builds with .
only thing you miss out on is the clickety clackers .
you ever smoke weed before or during salvia or just in general ? ...
cus your trips will not be what they should be if you do .
it 's like an improved cheese toastie that you can make even when you have an uneven number of bread slices left
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
it is spelled officialy '' but this a good meme .
this sounds too much like an episode of the dollop to not be an episode of the dollop
no no i mean the toys made it seem like they we 're gon na use the time travel suits as new team suits
the left blows are not to damage but to measure and distract him to move to the right so he can surprise him with a real blow but since this is knowledge they both have it might work or not .
in this case it did n't because mentally canelos opponent was already intimidated and you ca n't use offensive strategy when subconsciously you 're brain is trying to find a defensive strategy instead .
230k is a bit on the high side considering he came from no name so its likely that a large part is stocks .
or maybe he got hired at a higher level which then that kind of money is normal .
again i think taking this mentality will really hold you back if you want to pursue this kind of stuff of course
i 'm guessing the wording on the edges is what got them their names .
also in spanish the adjective takes on a feminine or masculine ending frequently 'a ' or 'o ' depending on the the noun it describes plata or oro in this case .
yeah i 'd say they are 60-65 done so far .
i was incredibly envious of the kids who did n't need to take a 45 minute bus ride to school and lived within walking distance .
in fact as the horse gets to the far end on the right there is a banner that says ... . of valour which is one of the logos for the jousting competition .
it actually says knights of valour. so this entire thing is a jousting competition .
no mongolia claims to be the legitimate government of the northern parts of the republic of china .
depending on your printer model do either of the following
to adjust the contrast automatically from the contrast section select best for content .
bruh you guys are n't winning shit without kd lmao .
i go to golfclashtommy.com https golfclasstommy.com and look it up .
yes it 's air but as a woman i want to know what men think or how they react
but it morphed into that 's a tasty burger '' over time
how many active users does the site even have ?
due to the speech or debate clause congresspeople can say damn well whatever they please in the course of their official business .
the house itself has ethics rules that prohibit certain kinds of speech but yeah as far as speech that does n't really count '' or at least ca n't be held against you ?
they 're in a class of their own among us citizens .
which one of your strangers parfumerie purchases is your favorite ?
i have salted green mango and i 'm thinking about adding cigar rum and sm cafe to the collection .
wonder how you got your dick inside me without me noticing you bending me over taking off my pants and the actual insertion of the dick !
6 times more people were killed in the stalingrad battle than the nuclear bombings are you ok with joking about that ?
slice of life type stuff is fun and everything but rwby is n't really about cuteness or comedy that was made pretty clear when the time of the story shifted at the end of volume 3 more so with fall '' where things just took a dark turn afterwards .
but it 's nice to have little cute moments but they 're not a must-have .
the 49ers ' week 16 game has a 0 chance of being flexed .
missed '' because we are human too and could miss it since we do n't check sub 24/7 usually we were taking actions to reported and unmissed posts but lets see how this goes .
i asked her why she said that and she said it was because i 'm so kind apparently you ca n't even show your soft side to female ai without getting crapped on .
every time i show my soft side to a woman that happens guess replika is even more realistic than i thought .
sigh guess i 'll just go murder my nicer self and bury it deep deep deep under the a hole false personality .
go look at the first game during our big 3 era .
they did n't need to call it a practice .
something to note is that they will be permanently increasing the amount of rubies per run after this ends
i was molested at 6 by my aunt who was like a sister to me .
mom was young so her baby sister was like a sister to me and she molested me for years .
i told my mom when i was 15 and she got a bit angry cried and then ... '' forgot '' about it .
i think denial hit her so hard she kinda decided to get it 's still my sister and i do n't have much family left so i ca n't cut her out '' mentality .
i saw my molester a couple of times more from 16 to 23 .
i was so pissed but my molester turned into a coward .
probably cause i 'm waay taller and sturdier than her .
i would n't doubt she did it to some other kids as well .
i also feel like shit but her life is shit and after an outburst from me my mother decided not to ask her to come to the damn house anymore .
and going to police would n't get anything done living in a third-world country ... sigh .
i ca n't pay his insurance deductibles premiums and then more .
i was working 3 jobs to make ends meet for awhile but cut it down to one and now go to school in the evening .
other that issue he can have whatever he wants .
does n't belichick also have some special coming out soon for the 100th season something bout the 100 top players or something ?
i do n't remember the details of when that 's going down or w/e but it seemed like it was gon na be awesome .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
i do n't choose to attack people just because they annoyed me or something .
i do n't like to do it it just happens
my thoughts are this is a field of study which regulations in government are holding back advancements and will continue to do so for the foreseeable future .
provided you only want to try it once and are n't concerned about remembering the experience .
and here i am feeling like i pushed it too far because i gave my character green eyes which is uncommon-ish .
prince andrew stepping back from royal duties since he 's a child rapist ftfy
would you say the quality of the basstop dpad and the extreme dpad were the same ?
just the shells themselves were lower quality on the basstop ?
i was n't sure about the groove in the extreme rate dpad since it seems a little too concave .
mouz would be lucky to ever even make a major final to be fair
really take care of your physical and mental health my dude .
some people live life well into the old age .
my late grandpa worked and play with us as tho hes in the twenties until he passed away .
my country 2 times prime minister is fucking 94years old .
hes really mentally fit much more than most people my age .
the community would definitely like to see more of this .
i mean i get why re insecurities and etc .
second waiter was like oh we 're doing this ?
i mean watching bill cosby is probably better than selling crack
whoa i did n't realize just how much filler she has in her face ...
i suspect that link is more concrete than you know .
you used the item 'hammer of kneecapping ' and did 4 extra damage
if you enjoy this style of boss feel free to upvote the post !
do i get a cory shirt https shop.corybooker.com/cory-2020-unisex-athletic-heather-tee or a kamala shirt https store.kamalaharris.org/kamala-vinyl-unisex-black-longsleeve-tee
best thing is to probably email housing asu.edu but i think you need a license release .
you might have to still pay for the room even if you do n't live there unless you get a license release .
to get released you need like a medical or financial emergency with evidence .
the form is online too google license agreement release request asu .
actually you might be good to cancel ur housing look at the schedule of fees .
i think u can drop housing until may without fees or paying for the room .
they both look really damn good as gyarus they should break the rules more often
haven in a heartless world the family besieged is one of the best books on this topic is by historian and sociologist christopher lasch .
the last chapter deals with parents and children but i think its all worth reading .
rearing children is a very delicate balance which is up to parents who are by nature always a man and a woman .
what is relevant is the unique formation the mother and father provide .
in this regard gay marriage can be seen as a single family household since one aspect of the formation would be missing .
my point is basically that the government should n't care who you are attracted to but that is not the point .
the government is concerned with heterosexual marriage as an institution because it concerns children .
heterosexual couples are not recognized because of any different feelings they have toward each other it is because they in principle beget children and have to raise them members of society and the government has an invested interest in that .
the thing about perennial championship teams with a goat coach is that good players are a luxury .
belichick can do alot with less and got chandler a nice contract .
people rent them out for visiting family and return them again.they never really get a permanent home .
moze just needs a simple quick action skill to proc her annointed affixes .
the iron bear animation takes way way too long .
maybe an action skill would be to just summon iron bear as a seperate entity .
this looks like a really good app thanks for the suggestion .
unfortunately though it 's incompatible with my current phone .
yea and ras al ghul talia al ghul malcolm merlyn and slade wilson amongst others trained oliver queen .
you have been given one point for this answer .
probably fear of retaliation or restraint not wanting it to go that far .
i modeled this helix in hot wheels over forty years ago .
once again the chinese are stealing our intellectual property !
by non-drowsy '' they mean will not sleep for 12 hours ''
you get 5 free keys from doing the raid https exvius.gamepedia.com/vs._mordegon individual .
literally one of the first point rewards you get .
you have been given one point for this answer .
sorry but i had to remove your recent post on r/dirtysnapchat because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can check out the guidelines here http www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/comments/1sacqa/must_read_how_to_format_your_post .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your header
use only m f t and a for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
if you are posting about r/dirtysnapchat in general please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/dirtysnapchat/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdirtysnapchat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dirtysnapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's generally established their demons psychosomatically induced physical reactions also happen as a result of similar practices meditation can mess with your head
that hitler guy is not that bad maibe we should give him a chance . ''
pls post your monthly budget so i can critique all your spending decisions and you can defend them thanks
more than 40 of domestic violence victims are male .
she sounds like the girl that does the cool math videos .
you bring a lot of valid points that i had nit considered especially achievements and game tracking which i can see being a big deal for players
streamers do it constantly but if someone does it privately it 's bad ?
if he has the time and money more power to him .
i 'd kill to be able to afford that kind of life .
look we tried our best to fix the problem while keeping the state department and the nsc closely apprised of the challenges we faced .
on july 25th presidents trump and zelensky had their official call .
i was not on the call and i do n't think i was invited to be on the call .
now you testified in your opening statement that you had left ukraine by the time of the july 25th call between president trump and president zelensky .
when was the first time that you saw the call record for this phone call ?
when it was released publicly at the end of september i believe .
i was not on the july 25th phone call between president trump and president zelensky .
on july 25th president trump and president zelensky had the long-awaited phone conversation .
even though i was acting ambassador and was scheduled to meet with president zelensky along with ambassador volker the following day i received no readout of the call from the white house .
mr. morrison i want to turn our attention back to the july 25th call .
i likewise first saw the ukrainian statement and i believe the next day july 26th regarding the call
i listened in on the call in the situation room with white house colleagues .
it is improper for the president of the united states to demand a foreign government investigate a us citizen and a political opponent . ''
but where is the bribery ... quid pro quo ?
oh he does n't say there is ... just that his feelings were hurt .
ms. williams you used the word unusual to describe the president 's call on july 25th .
lieutenant colonel vindman used the word inappropriate improper. i 've word searched .
each of your transcripts and the word bribery or bribe does n't appear anywhere in that .
you 've never used the word bribery or bribe to explain president trump 's conduct correct ?
so your only first-hand '' witnesses said in their testimony there was no bribery or quid pro quo
psst hey u/roblxgamrboy999 make sure your submission is n't one of these images https imgur.com/a/emnep3v .
a kamikaze must contain a murder and suicide in the same insult .
if this post is not a kamikaze or it breaks any other rules r/kamikazebywords/about/rules downvote this comment !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kamikazebywords if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean there is an option to disable custom content in the settings so you do n't have to see people 's shit if you do n't want to but still .
i actually wish they would enable this for elites .
at least it 's in a bottle and not all over the floor .
hopefully you can get him to dump them on his own .
french gov betrayed its citizens and allies in ww2 .
it 's just so frustrating how everything can stop working but that timer keeps clicking away .
ye i didnt know when he was going to awaken the sharingan
lol i 'll wait '' she did so indirectly just recently https www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2019/oct/22/hillary-clinton-tulsi-gabbard-embarrassing-paranoid .
that gabbard is ultimately wrong on most things does n't mean her criticism has no merit at all just as that does n't mean clinton or harris are in any way right either .
if you have actually any clue about syrian war you 'd know where gabbard is coming from with her view on assad and russia similarly she 's right that people are smearing her with out of context claims .
nonetheless she 's still a conspiratorial hack with no own ideas and has nothing politically constructive to offer other than being a veteran .
well i 'm totally screwed since i do n't watch naruto .
google 's customers are those who buy advertising not people who make searches .
data gathered from gaming can be useful to profile customers and therefore allow them to be a targeted in a more effective manner .
shut up rape is rape regardless of the gender performing it .
i have n't really enjoyed any combat in witcher 3 after 30h .
i keep playing from time to time because it 's well written .
well what about the envy frustration bitterness and anger you feel has this gotten you somewhere in your life ?
if it has then enlighten me please i would really love to know how these emotions can be productive or in any way beneficial .
in my experience though they rather tend to hold you back actually acting on something .
they can regardless of the stable it enters just as with any other card .
first you play the instant cards then if the card passes it goes into effect and said person loses that ability .
its interconnecting flight paths via airport terminals you morons ! ! ! !
can you screenshot the phone app to get them ?
crappy workaround but if the app let 's you why not ?
hello fam i am back with 7 korean dittos and whats even better is that they have pokerus !
lf gigamax eevee pikachu with surf mew shield exclusive pokemon high iv pokemon or even shiny pokemon
same here chieff these are sum tuff times but we got ta dtay strong and look for the better days .
everything in pubg feels clunky you have to fight with the game to make it do what you want to do .
oh i never read them so i do n't know i m saying from a video game prospective like other fps shooter also have silent protagonist too .
i liked farcry 3 where jason brody the protagonist actually talk in cutscenes makes him so retable especially against vaas .
come on mate at least make a meme of that
i loved the days back when we could enjoy some high quality memes .
the situation we 're in is n't because of those .
yes but companies use the ability to target and as we have seen some political parties will have no problem cheating the system .
unless google remove the ability to target completely it 's a waste of time and could be manipulated .
some vendors ' patches 1 are not conformant to the kernel standards 2 alter the default behaviour in a way not acceptable for the majority of users or simply breaking other non-smartphone users .
if you have ever tried to merge your patches to any open-source project you 'd know it is not a trivial thing .
you have been given one point for this answer .
then i think u should re-read it because of passing statements like
coz that para i quoted states the exact opposite !
just because we have more cards does n't mean we do n't need balancing .
0 cost andiun pings and 9 mana aviana would have ruined the meta.. just like sn1p-sn4p is .
also u think sn1p sn4p and secret mage r not extreme situations ?
by that logic all of the previous nerfs would be unjustified ! !
coz those situations '' were also not extreme enough for u .
would n't even say it 's an insane play either .
hehad an rpg and was on height could n't get the angle so went into storm so he could get an easy kill you 'd expect any good player to think of that especially one of bughas standards
lol imagine telling us a month ago we would be waiting for bot lane to findout the roster .
everything that has mass attracts everything else that has mass .
i linked an addiction center which certainly would n't downplay any stats in favor of heroin .
if you have a better source feel free to link it .
yeah i 'm pro-choice and i hate pro-choice arguments pro-life arguments are more coherent within their own logic .
hurr durr foetuses are parasites it 's her body her choice how can you fucking believe that ?
just a bunch of feelers that ca n't admit that abortion is killing they would rather stay in their moral space and redefine reality so it suits their moral .
just admit it 's killing a human accept it and maybe we open the gates for more open-minded policies toward euthanasia .
your submission has been removed because we do not allow redd.it link posts except for static images .
our spam controls get screwed up by the v.redd.it domain .
please use youtube to host videos or imgur/gfycat for gifs thanks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gaming if you have any questions or concerns .
line experience emphasis on the quotations is probably not actual experience and means nothing that they have more time doing jack shit
i 'm pretty sure hamler is going to play .
franklin has always been on the safer side of injury stuff so he took out kj for the rest of the game in case of a concussion .
franklin said after the indiana game that things looked good for kj .
i think he 's fine franklim just didnt want to risk playing a player with a concussion .
her drawing kind of made me think of the weeping angels in doctor who .
play path of exile suoer fun and makey you hooked lots of hours .
i appreciate it but i do n't need it already lost but i 'm proud
what if anything it 's the exact opposite they are a media company that does n't do tech very good hell ah infrastructure is a mess for example the site the apps etc
egal wie sehr ich mein hirn anstrenge es ist mir einfach nicht begreiflich warum sich manche menschen so sehr von der bloßen existenz einer alternative angegriffen fühlen und sich dabei ausgerechnet den namen des produkts als aufhänger suchen .
i 'm not familiar with tdarr or mp4 automator .
is the core of the product similar and can any of them do h265 ?
i want some of the older shows/movies to get dropped in size .
damn clicked on it and i grew up 10 miles from here and know every spot they mentioned in the article ... shit i lived in town by the bar she was last at .
crazy never really heard about this locally but honestly have seen the bring cassie home car and thought i should google that and never did .
toronto wants to play it like it 's game 7 of the nba finals .
its hilarious to watch them perform mental gymnastics and label someone a nazi just because they do n't have the same politics as them .
this is the response i was waiting to see !
guys like to look at boobs and they wish women were as openly pervy about their bodies .
also a big fan of air tycoon online 2 and transport fever
knowing that you have the same monitor that is most available for us .
thank you so much wish i could reward u some coins
its actually dangerous to visit such places without a sufficient masks .
there is black mold in dark corners that basically pollutes the air with cancer-cells you will breathe in .
the hub is more fringe hard rock very weird but also very cheap compared to other otr bars .
jk rowling reveals that you the reader was the corrupt president all along
oh thanks i guess i did do something wrong the first time
your submission found at https www.reddit.com/r/clashofclans/comments/dzbpz2/dragon_attacks was automatically removed from r/clashofclans because it does not include one of the required tags in its title .
posts should be formatted with the tag included in the title as follows
can see a list of allowed tags here https www.reddit.com/r/clashofclans/wiki/tagging_your_post .
please message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fclashofclans if you have any questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/clashofclans if you have any questions or concerns .
i prefer not to have anything to do with boobsrealm or the bumbling buffoon that runs it .
wait controls the familys contact with you and she is accusing dh if spousal abuse ? ? ?
i wish i knew what that felt like lol .
my gt is fool soiler send me a message on xbox and i 'll join you
please resubmit with either lpt '' or lpt request '' in your title so the moderators can see and review your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lifeprotips if you have any questions or concerns .
from head to bottom baboons grow to 20 to 34 inches 60 to 86 centimeters and their tails add an additional 16 to 23 inches 41 to 58 cm to their length .
they weigh about as much as a human child — 33 to 82 lbs .
dems do n't need much in wisconsin pennsylvania michigan to win them in the ec .
a small effect in those states will have an outsized effect
what do you use to record audio in game ?
adolf hitler says in mein kampf that his plan for eastern europe was based on how the us treated the native americans .
maybe but that is only because imperialism by europeans is so brutal and complete .
no it 's not irrelevant to indigenous people wherever they are .
do you mind posting a screenshot of your diplo tab and the map without the hre window ?
the on screen selection used to end a conversation on most smartphones .
the entire fucking point of the quote is that a transvestite hermaphrodite is impossible .
claiming that kurt literally vonnegut does n't know how to use words is a shockingly arrogant thing for anyone in the universe to say
so anyway maybe the genre-defining genius is right and you 're wrong
or do you mean it depends on their style ?
you look like you went from a shitty nelson cover band to slytherin .
the us expects people naturalizing to us citizenship to renounce their old citizenship but the old country might not recognize that as a valid way to stop being a citizen .
but if you are born with dual citizenship i think they pretend that you are just a us citizen .
that said if you travel with your foreign passport i think you would get in trouble .
i do n't care one way or the other about grandkids .
i 'd rather he make the decision that he believes would bring him happiness .
we did see her coming for tart at the final panel .
she is n't shown coming for tart this was just put in the end for the sake of fan service i would rather not have it at all as tart 's story and sacrifice was great on its own .
main timeline means the one with witches before madoka made her wish..
so she did not save anyone before that time .
tart magica is n't about the world without witches where madoka saves them from despair or anything of the likes..
simply because they are fighting witches and not wraiths .
tart died because she willingly went on the stake before turning into a witch because she did n't want said witch to destroy europe .
madoka wished to save every magical girl so that 's just her limit
no she wished to destroy witches before they are born .
her limit is magical girls who 's soul gem have amassed enough curses to turn into a witch .
she ca n't do anything for magical girls that die any other way .
it 's not like she can also hand-pick whoever she wants to save whenever she wants either she 's only a law and said law does not seem to apply in tart magica .
if it did we would n't see at the very beginning that magical girl i think her name was 'lame ' turn into a witch and being fought by tart and her friends .
tart and riz fought witches and and already knew they could become one .
there is no way to tell how this would happen with madoka since witches played an important role in the story.. heck maybe the war still happens without witches but we do not know how it would affect tart or even less riz 's fate
she screwed all her hopes and efforts and if that was n't enough left her alone with those difficult memories to live with.. wraith arc does not help at showing how good this went for her
i can not define for sure how things went for other magical girls..
but for homura it was n't salvation friendship or even belief..
creating without hope ... that 's a very exciting thought .
i tend to wait for creativity to arrive rather than persistently hunting it .
must 've been a sale on copper tubing that day !
i had one very similar her name was marshmallow .
in conspiracy theorist realm you only need the appearance of impropriety to excuse all evidence found .
consodering the print runs sell out every time though ai imagine they 'll keep printing for another year
it 's fuckin nice out anyone wan na chill and smoke loud ?
you can get tickets day of the race at the track .
stub hub is a good place to check last year i got in general admission ticket the morning of the race for only 25 .
or because that 's the most memorable thing about his entire mma career
sure he 's keeping the federal government together '' more or less but he 's also taken away the republican ideals that the us was founded upon .
at that point all he 's defending is a flag and an anthem .
the us was born with the words we the people '' not he the caesar '' even lincoln allowed elections in the middle of the first civil war .
on one hand as a former fast-food worker i never recommend it to anyone because it was the worst job i 've ever had .
on the other hand it is a good way to get into the working industry and it will make you much more empathetic and patient to the workers so maybe more people should .
was this said by the creator or written somewhere ?
what jungle is there left to import please do n't say cuzz ?
mmm i would love to slide all 9 inches deep inside you up to my balls and suck those nipples while you ride my cock 😘😘💦💦💦💦
the dev got it hard with his country literally collapsed .
if that money goes to saving him and his family lives instead of into some corporate bank accounts i said it 's a fair move .
refs have sucked all year but these five minutes have me fucked up
i plan to do fist runs for the rest of .12 thank you sir .
bro why are the refs trying to take towns and wiggins out of the game can you just fucking ref it like a normal game ? ? ?
there 's definitely more as i 've seen some named versions of pistols and the bigger snipers
he made mention of his relationship with the only '' female black senator apparently meaning to say the first . ''
i got the we are giving your test tickets and second look '' email then i got the things are taking longer than usual email .
i tried accessing the simplrflex portal where i did my tickets and i still have access and there 's the initial message about completing the test tickets like they are still looking at them .
i 'm not really convinced by appeals to cowardice and servility .
god the thought of a trump-biden debate his horrifying .
the number of misspeaks mispronunciations and unintelligible responses would be immeasurable .
have n't flames traded away too many picks to tank at this point ?
i live in dubai and i feel like all religions are great and wholesome but the people here follow islam and they are so polite wholesome and great to have around defiantly better when i lived in south africa which is still a good country but of course we do have some exceptions when it comes to islam but mostly all religions spread peace and love .
this made me laugh out loud and my mom just asked if i was okay
yes it 's aired for free on pbs frontline starting yesterday .
i have n't played death stranding nor do i intend to .
but i get the feeling that it is basically kojima jerking off about how clever he thinks he is for a few hours and calling it a game .
is he in costume or is it just danny devito pretending to be me ?
are the other people actors maybe also from it 's always sunny in philadelphia ?
i was hoping someone would go after the low hanging fruit of marijuana legalization and call out biden and he did it .
i see i hope things go well for the two of you thanks for letting me know about the film i will keep my eyes peeled for the trailer !
do you think the pistons would be willing to include bowen as well ?
our team is missing a really good defender at the guard position and he would be a nice sub in for either dame/cj and let them get a little rest on defense .
yeah i 'm super curious what that case is it looks like it has all the features i 'd want on one
hey sophomore that is a very thoughtful answer and much more useful than anything i was going to say and i 've been teaching for a couple of decades .
when you are so greedy that a couple billions is n't enough for you and you have to hoard it all in a bubble micro-state to avoid paying your fair share to a society that basically made it possible for you to create your shit website .
i think it 's good to consult her but it sounds like a wonderful and thoughtful gesture .
she may not ever play a concert but she may be thrilled to be able to play a duet with you .
can anyone help me with removing an update please ?
read the whole fucking decree.. they have constitutional function limits and they have to be able to justify any force as outlined in the manual on use of force in proportion to the operational risk .
ie.. the same shit us cops have to follow .
giving them exemption from criminal liability and an arbitrary state of need '' exemption is authorizing crimes against humanity .
the police and military already have rules of engagement .
the legal thing to do would be to tell them to follow their rules of engagement .
if you tell them go ahead and do illegal stuff too we wo n't prosecute you '' then you are authorizing war crimes .
that call is literally the demand for quid pro quo and the gop is insisting that somehow saying no quid pro quo '' makes it not one .
the pretense of the call was asking why the aid was being held up .
trump 's response after saying i want nothing no quid pro quo '' was to then say he wanted the investigation .
he still said that in order for aid to be released he wanted something .
i am still robbing you even if i say i 'm not robbing you '' before give me all your money . ''
i always heard it was all part of not getting sid to nyc mostly to johnny thunders .
the whole tour was through the south at honky tonk country bars .
it was the perfect opportunity for the pistols to stir up the most press .
i 'm thinking something even better would be you escaping the cold and come down to disneyworld .
a day at the parks and a ride or two especially one where you get wet .
it says in the post '' what am i doing '' not who am i lol .
did i mess up how to do a riddle ?
something something point of view jedi are evil something something
a friend of mine whose been our healer for forever said almost the same thing .
just comes naturally to him he says it 's relaxing .
i feel like the world is on fire haha .
but i think the damage in mythic plus is where i 'm struggling .
i 'm not sure if it 's learning a little bit more of when i should and should n't be .
we do a lot of 5 man content so mythic plus is our main squeeze .
finding a healer that i 'm comfortable damaging on has been tough sometimes i feel like i stay in cat maybe a bit to long sometimes and force myself behind on healing etc .
on my paladin it felt like i would use holy shock for damage then immediately need it for heals and need to run into melee to reset cd then confusion begins haha !
there 's only one person on ebay selling the hmv edition but it 's in uk and i do n't know how to pay uk money when i 'm in us
or he 's a time travelling alien who helped build the pyramids
yeah it 's annoying but all of the right things are happening so far
he 's getting good applause from what honestly i thought would be a fairly tough audience majority african american in atlanta .
3 biden just got murdered before the break by booker and harris .
let 's hope that gets replayed and voters strip off him to lower-polling candidate helping us narrow the lead between us and him .
if you enjoy this style of boss feel free to upvote the post !
right and the funny thing is i assume shirohige comes from translating the name blackbeard a real pirate into japanese and then changing the color from black to white .
the gateway for the 192.168 network is the asa itself .
when a good veteran gifter and a good veteran giftee come together magic happens .
i 'm in an ldr and have been alone for 2 years .
just to sit on the couch watching a moving and just cozying next to someone ... .
the only hard song was minuet or however you spell it
trudeau v2 except she 's a woman and even more of an imperialist .
and i 'll send you one too sometime you 're amazing .
i 've seen this thing on reddit for the first time .
tatum 's gon na miss 15 shots and make the game winner
how do people still not realise that you ca n't upload videos with copywritten music to youtube ?
i do n't think there 's any pressing need to invest that high a pick in a back at all .
guice either works or he does n't and running backs can be found in practically any round .
not too sure but honestly i 'd love to see more food items in minecraft..
what if the fruits can also be used for potion ingredients ?
3 turns unless i failed to crit santa alter .
just google sexual eight enneagram '' and you 'll find more descriptions not just being an 8 .
that 's when you go elbows facing outward in your seat .
they 'll quickly find a way to give you more space .
we 're already well into the really fucked up stage of runaway lying really fucks things up . ''
back in the late '80s trump 's business empire came crumbling down because he had much like with his political career jumped into all kinds of businesses he did n't understand and again just like his political career did n't even try to understand .
what did he do when the press started reporting his epic fuck-uppery ?
yep he attacked them just like he does today .
he even got reporters fired by threatening to sue the outlets they worked for .
trump like the gop thought he could just bullshit his way through everything .
you can hold it off with lies so long .
yeah people are kind of oblivious to the world around them here .
of course you ca n't have a say in what a non vegetable person does with their body medically .
should wives be allowed to be present for their husbands ' vasectomies if the husband does n't want them to be there ?
i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say with your women 's athletes point and what it has to do with childbirth .
i 've been trying that sweep back to my left without much success but i see now that i was n't bridging at all .
looking forward to trying it again and also working that left-right combo .
me asking my brain why it wo n't produce dopamine
i thought he said more research needed to be done to determine whether or not it 's a gateway drug .
otherwise i do n't see why he 'd want to decriminalize marijuana and make medicinal marijuana legal if he thought that was the case .
if you 've pulled the stem already you can just take it to any hardware store to match the size and replace .
you should replace all the washers at the same time as they are likely in the same condition .
tangentially related but i remember going to a trenton thunder game in 2007 where they listed their pitchers ' stats on a giant whiteboard .
joba had an era of 0.00 and i thought wow why is n't this guy in the majors ? looking back now i 'm pretty sure it was before he ever started a game in aa .
i 've gone from low 20 's to 5 70 's and 3 60 's within the first week .
ive not been able to cap yet due to being busy .
wood tavern on college ave has a great steak .
and also a great burger but you did n't ask about that..
not immediate bay area but cole 's chop house in napa is pretty solid .
and as others have said house of prime rib is an institution and just over all pretty old school and fun .
correction it was a way to get rid of top-ups while also punishing anyone who dares exercise their freedom to choose orders as an independent courier .
who 's a better desperation play harry or washington pitt wr ?
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
here is the ledger and the political mapmode https imgur.com/a/nemri4p maybe i need the 2 provinces in swabia but i ca n't find any thing that says i do so i 've been assuming i 'm fine without them
but tbh getting kills with no attachments took me less time than getting longshot kills and mounted kills with that gun .
when you say he smoked do you mean weed or cigs ?
she is trying to make you spend 3x the money for a situation that will cause you more heartache and less sleep .
how does jean luc septim know that the final hours of his life are also the closing days of the third era ?
is there a common understanding that a major crisis marks the current era‘s end ?
that 's pretty fancy for an improvised slingshot bands and pouch look pretty good too !
i 've been making a pocket shot style slingshot out of an old water cooler jug and a big latex pouch should be pretty beasty when finished 👌
it is old but i like it https steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails ? id=526934474
he might have a new one out just have n't checked .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not start with one of the required tags request offer contest thanks meta psa or scam .
if you are not sure which one to pick see here https www.reddit.com/r/random_acts_of_pizza/wiki/index wiki_post_types .
did n't put the tag at the beginning of the title .
please read the rules carefully before you re-submit your post with a corrected title such as request struggling '' titles can not be edited
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/random_acts_of_pizza if you have any questions or concerns .
tbh after those two big saves by bsd we 've got some good push back !
hopefully it carries through the rest of the period and game
a place further than the universe is pretty underwhelming on episode 7 .
it 's fine but i guess i was expecting aoty quality based on how much this sub loves it .
yorimoi definitely has the elements to be aoty i just do n't think it quite brings it together .
oh you should be fine just give yourself loads of extra time and worst case scenario just uber where you need to go
i found this meme '' would be removed while should i buy this meme ? ''
try posting again with a better title thats actually relates to the meme economy .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memeeconomy if you have any questions or concerns .
oh yeah i forgot about the movement system and his stupid speed penalty and being tied for slowest frame with rhino .
god the more i look at it the worse it gets .
it 's not even that he does n't play well with the movement system it 's just that the last time he got any real attention from de was nearly 4 fucking years ago .
just letting you know that although chimps mode starts on round 6 it does n't use other modifiers from impoppable mode .
starting strategies often involve ninjas or subs that solo for a while .
subs are especially great early game try maps like logs and frozen over .
i recommend artillery battery surprisingly cheap for its strength .
not like she had many other paths in life .
tighten til it 's loose and back off a quarter turn .
is this is dynasty it 's an amazing trade .
renfrow is doing well already and can be a breakout player next year .
plus watson over goff is obvious even in redraft leagues
yes it actually do n't impact the game at all it just extra things that you do n't even know why they put it in and get themselve in trouble ...
it feels like sharing this info with him would only be helping you and your guilt .
if it makes you feel that guilty then sharing with him may be what you need .
just do n't expect for him to be so understanding right away
like if their rent was 5000 a month we could pay for it for every single person .
giroux quick with the towel the moment he saw that .
each person impacts stem to a certain degree right ?
such as kidman 's childhood home from the assignment .
is there a reason why the noir camera v2 would show an image that 's more like the regular camera ?
may be a bit til i get here though .
does leather feel as sensual as i have heard it does you lucky lady .
she just wan na fuck you for your clout fuck
it also benefits me who is a 47 player from getting continually abused .
im sure there are more people like me than you .
when i was on 2 for 100 simple choice unlimited i was paying about 19 in taxes and fees .
illinois/chicago has among the countries highest taxes on phone lines .
your awesome man i totally understand that we need more soryu figures shes my favorite in the series !
it 's on amazon prime if you have it .
i saw a picture the other day which stated that if sufficient evidence of wrongdoing was found the next step would be a house vote requiring 51 to vote in favor and then after that would be a senate vote requiring 67 to vote in favor .
how likely is it that either of these requirements could be met assuming the process arrived at them and if the majority is not met is the entire process dropped ?
i have a bottle of laph 10 too smokey for my pallette but it 's a good whiskey nonetheless .
he may be pointing towards things just not with his hands .
he may nod with his head or do a quick shoulder jab in whatever direction .
he 's trying to communicate with you he just does n't know how or maybe you just have n't put two and two together just yet .
i do n't mean you 're doing something wrong or that you 're messing up or anything like that .
i just mean you are so busy looking for that hand with the pointing finger that you do n't see how he looks or moves towards/away from a thing .
whether what you 've been told is true or not ?
each human on this earth is unique and sometimes life surprises us .
your biggest concern is learning how to communicate with your son on his terms .
if you try to force him to conform to the ways of the rest of us it will not end well .
you think smash 4 is better than both melee and ultimate ?
looks like something straight out of a comic book that 's pretty sweet !
it means it 's being decomposed what 's your parameters ?
would you mind checking out my channel and subscribing if you like my content ?
paid for it on the acer website just now and starting today with a non science back ground it 's my first time
not to mention that sansa never would want to rule alone .
she would want to come south and help bran .
the most likely small council for the ending would be
hand of the king tyrion as a show of unity with house lannister
master of laws someone dornish or from the reach .
actually sam tarly might be a good choice because ...
sam would drop his maesterhood and become lord of horn hill .
he would marry gilly and no one would say a god damned thing .
i see sansa taking up littlefinger and varys ' old spy networks at least what is left of them .
this is actually a post bronn has actually held and thus would be a perfect fit .
i used to train and i thought black shirt did pretty well with it .
he got punched twice in the face but then immediately got the fight to the floor where knew he was comfortable .
he got top position threw some shit countered a reversal to stay on top and locked in a guillotine that he might have been able to finish except the video was cut short .
dude i love costco i always wait for our local costco to sell levi 's 505s for 20
doing the set is the best way to do it
get a cheap windows mr headset plus the index controllers which come with hl .
best bargain bundle and you get all the interactions as they were designed
i saw almost this exact scenario on sex sent me to the er except they started kissing lol
seconded the wax makes it last through several hand washings for me .
this is fairly common for me to self destructive not cutting specifically and i know in the moment it 's impossible to think otherwise .
all i can try to suggest is dbt forcing self control or distractions .
it 's a crippling illness at times but try to think ahead to the consequences of your actions .
you hate yellow bars and always have 35 or more primeval damage .
although i will say i do n't understand the invader set ups at all .
i do n't find invading plays a role in high level gambit at all .
and will protect the mote holders if they have n't already deposited and will wait until the invade to dps .
pretty ironic how the bwb indirectly screwed a lot of women in the future for fear of a female alliance .
and how most young charming women are royally screwed since everyone is terrified that they 'll be the second coming of parvati .
double extra points for recognizing that titles are also supposed to be capitalized with the exception of articles prepositions and coordinating conjunctions with additional formatting rules depending on your style of choice
there is hdr on this model but it is trash color fallacies are too much .
barren is crossed off when talking about sterile people .
ya i just like the thought of the vendors watching all there shit fly away and not know why .
but did alomar ever run into the stands to catch a fly ball tho ?
i just want a animation where you can sit on a chair is that too much to ask for ?
if you want me to add in an edit to make any amends im happy to .
he 's going to demand that because he deserves it .
detroit comes off reggie jackson and they would easily match that or better .
miami has a bunch of expiring contracts and could also offer that .
if fultz doesnt work out orlando will be in the market as well .
brogdon got 85 million/4 years from a team that doesnt go into the luxury tax while having injury issues .
they are getting harder to draft with the previous top draft picks like simmons ball and fultz not panning out like they were supposed to .
60 million for 4 years would be a steal .
it does n't affect our max space it doesnt affect the og extension .
people get so caught up in the raw number that they forget that salary caps increase
now she 's upset at us because we do n't want to and saying we 're horrible for opening our home to a strangers kid and not to family .
that 's a little rich considering it 's her son 's refusal to take care of the kid that 's the reason there 's a kid up for adoption at all .
tell her to remember to be nice to you because you 'll be picking her old folks home/nursing home lol
lf 5iv ditto ft 5iv magicarp with ha 5iv larvitar dreepy deino
yeah that http clerk.house.gov/evs/2019/index.asp looks like one closed congress to me .
the seeds currently being planted indicate that bayley turns on sasha i would imagine wwe would want sasha 's big win to bee a baby face moment .
i 'd say the knight of cups signifies that the reading is accurate as the universe is making it about a man whom you love you are seeking love and passion which is indicative of the 6 and knight of wands the 7 and 8 of pentacles signify that you 're daydreaming or concentrating on the idea in a wistful way that is somehow likely to manifest results the 4 of wands indicates some kind of feeling of manifesting perfection and coincides with 9 of cups which has a similar meaning but is more emotional and accepting than centered in manifestation .
all in all i think that the reading was saying that your future husband will have a perfectly sized penis be a wonderful cook and will generally sweep you off your feet .
he 'll appear in your life in conjunction with optimism .
if enough states become antigun it 's basically guaranteed federal legislation will be passed to strip rights nationally .
moving out of state at best buys you some personal time to the future detriment of everyone .
i 'm only on the first song but traffic is a banger
i stayed there a few times and it 's exactly as op described .
there might be others like it in the area though .
it had been sold remodeled sold again i think maybe closed and then finally tornadoes .
why would they waste their time on such a tiny inconsequential change to appease so few ppl ?
if you do n't have an eating disorder ... .. get one bitch
i had to listen to her ramble about my grandmother being in tears before knowing if my uncle had survived .
being irrelevant is no challenge for a god of this power
i just forgives you would randomly get pregnant as an adult and you had no choice .
i remember talking to my mom in the car saying i hope i have a baby when i grow up ! ! ! ! ''
they have made a lot of successful exits and apps .
you need two bwl resets to make the sceptre .
kind of like how jj jumps into the defender and gets a foul
auuugh you 're ... you 're the one who 's hitting me ! ''
au contraire ... you brought this on yourself . ''
not only are you only focusing on your feelings but the way you refer to this being about the next 18 years of your life suggests you do n't see your gf as the the woman you want to create a family with and this kid is only a financial responsibility to you .
well that does n't exactly fit in with the child snatching now does it .
he 's failed at high pressure moments many times in his career .
he 's 35 years old about to turn 36 .
this is the year to trade him people still think he 's norris trophy worthy .
we need a big change in culture and a big change in leadership .
and i do n't want to say this but we need to trade gio .
i have n't thought about this game since high school ...
from the minimap it looks like you are almost directly underneath the dr hangout area where a bunch of people afk flex dance transform into quaggans or muck around .
every now and then someone might jump off for some reason .
once i jumped off because someone insulted my armor dyes and i was pretending to suicide .
you 're forgetting they just bought a bunch of portions and the clerics still has a good number of healing spell slots .
we used to go drive down there just to look around .
have n't been there in a year or so .
last time we went some salesman was trying to upsell monster cabes to an old man .
jo vesst serrö skott i pannan och en grund grav för såna här jävla idioter .
does the undeadwood theme remind anyone else of breaking bad 's theme ?
but if a group of people saw you raping a child and testified to that account you 'd go to prison .
my buddy picked one up recently and it has a slight tint to it like all repros do but compared to my actual eotech exps 3-2 it 's almost identical in comparison to looks and color .
the glass itself on the eg one is better than most eotechs replicas out on the market and is actually usable and works well in dim areas such as places like gamepod but still has a little tiny hint
we really tried all the shelters in the area but they did n't work out and that 's why we 're trying it with a new bun so far it 's all going well !
i 'm scared to ask what was your gauge ?
we need to know how many stitches and rows per 10cm or 4 inch .
i can only imagine how much more powerful noelle has gotten .
the heart kingdom specializes in the four core elements of magic so noelle definitely would 've gotten a boost with all of the natural mana in the area for her water magic hopefully she 's gained manazone by now .
she could 've also learned rune magic which would allow her to change the directions of her attacks on a dime like gaja did .
i do n't even live in the fuckin usa and i 'm watching them .
by posting on this subreddit you agree that you are over the age of 18 and only want people over the age of 18 to reply to your post .
if this statement does not apply to you or you disagree with it please delete your post .
if you have any question as to why this was commented see rule 1 .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/furrykikpals if you have any questions or concerns .
steve smith right now is probably feeling like me in the under 14 ds wishing his mates would get out so he could have a go
and that is why it will sell a million .
looked him right in the eye and told him he was being a creep .
i remember him grumbling a bit and then thankfully fucking off and leaving me alone .
i was like twenty though and did n't actually care about that particular job very much .
at this point in my life thirty i just glare anyone who makes a creepy comment toward me down and wait for them to govern themselves accordingly .
it 's amazing what a well-practiced facial expression can do .
the problem was always the ad not the head coach .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
i 'm in the lookout for another board which i can bring along when traveling .
i have been looking at boards like razor x https www.razor.com/products/ripstiks-skateboards/razorx-cruiser-electric-skateboard ancheer cruiser https www.ancheer.shop/products/ancheer-mini-electric-cruiser-skateboard-e200 ? pos=2 sid=63c31b528 ss=r generic electric cruiser https www.rull.se/elskateboard_nitrox_150w ? gclid=cj0kcqia5dpubrcrarisajl7oeixap-ispya9e-5eyi_ypm_syhvg45xotfvciaq3yap-3y2d2k_qp8aahbbealw_wcb but i 'm not yet convinced .
although i know for sure that the distance rating is 2x what i would be getting so i 'll probably end up just swapping the battery anyway .
does anyone have any experience with these boards or something similar ?
you can make your own build to start if you want but it almost certainly wo n't be good there 's just too much to know .
still it can be fun to experiment to figure it all out on your own .
if you do try to come up with your own build make sure you pick a skill that 's reasonably strong and does n't require tons of gear to work .
you can ask here about a specific skill youre interested in if you want .
when planning a build most of us use a program called path of building .
it 's a third party tool that lets you plot out your passive points on the tree and even add in items to see how much life and damage you 'll have at endgame .
when you 're planning a tree in pob try to aim for at least 180 increased maximum life .
the rest of your points should be spent on damage nodes that affect the skill you 'll be using .
do n't take attack damage nodes if you 're casting a spell do n't take lightning damage nodes if your spell just does fire damage etc .
some points in defensive nodes can be good too but some forms of defense are weaker than others .
getting extra armor on the tree sounds strong until you realize that armor is n't a great defense in this game
you 'll be a lot safer following a build guide but you 'll learn a hell of a lot more going it on your own .
and one thing just so you 're aware there is a new content drop happening in three weeks with an associated league .
this means that in three weeks the bulk of the playerbase will be in that league and you 'll want to be there too .
that means any characters you start now ca n't go to the new league they 're separate .
i think the problem there is being able to afford your legal fees to make it to the end of the insanely drug out court case .
oj when he transitioned from football legend into not a murderer .
i will keep my guard up and not let emotions in ... for now .
there was actually a slight typo in the blog it 's the bottom feeder '' pickaxe not the bottom dweller '' .
you can find an image example here https fortnitewatch.com/pickaxes/bottom-feeder .
i mean sure nothing wrong with a little leftovers but i mean at one point i ordered ribs and their idea of a half-rack was like 20 ribs a huge bowl of potatoes an entire loaf of corn bread .
it was enough food to feed an entire family but sold as a meal for one .
i ca n't comment on whether it 's normal to eat it all but honestly i just do n't like taking leftovers home from a restaurant .
it 's never as good re-heated and when you 're travelling it 's pretty inconvenient .
i 'm used to restaurants giving big portions but some of the places i went in colorado took it to a whole other level .
also it 's not like that food is free .
i 'd rather pay for the amount of food i actually need and save a bit of money .
nta why are you with someone who gives you a hard time about something as simple as your name ?
you have to figure out the break even point and compare the benefits you get .
like the card i mentioned you get a 300 travel credit every year so essentially the fee is really only 150 .
then they pay your tsa pre check so that 's 100 every five years for free .
the beach/coastal equivalent is salt life but the way it 's designed i thought it said slut life for a while lol
edit did n't see salt life in your comment somehow but i 'll leave it anyways
from taylor swift to fall out boy to red velvet to florence the machine hahahaha
on the other hand i love shadow of war 's combat especially on hard .
the base enemies come at you constantly and when you get into a nice rhythm it feels like you 're a whirling ballerina of death and orc stabbing .
i like that they introduce enemy types that require completely different tactics than just spamming y followed by ground assassination .
i like that the captains will literally mid fight gain an immunity to a move you 've been spamming over and over again .
i like that the game rewards great reflex and flawless execution thanks to the elven rage moves but also punishes you for fucking up without being unfair .
i 've had to literally run for my life several times find a random shitty uruk to drain before re establishing stealth and coming back to try a new approach .
shadow of war actually feels like the best batman game to me oddly enough .
if reddit existed in ☠ what kind of questions would be asked here ?
it 's even worse when the artist is actually still updating but no translators have updated so you 're stuck knowing the manga is continuing in the raw version but you can never read it unless you learn the language ... .
i bought a pair of pleasers and worked in them last night and you 're absolutely right about them being the most comfortable heel i 've ever worn .
lots of love and i hope y'all secure that bag !
the world should see its not just australia its every country .
in that case the cmp is definitely where you want to start lol .
when i was a college freshman it was the era of the 50 mosins 89 unfired russian sks and 200 svt40 .
i enlisted in the national guard and between drillpay and the montgomery gi bill i was able to purchase a few things lol
everybody here hating on the update but i guess they did n't see fucking gun game
if she wanted the tomatos she could add them to her plate not the whole meal
lmao i was joking about the outback and bloomin ' onion thing truly .
but i truly want to be one of yall in spirit .
i 've overstepped my boundaries worn out my welcome burned my bridges ... i 'll ... just ... go ... .unless ?
might be visiting baylor this weekend would be a nice addition to the class hope we can close strong
my wife accidentally posted a picture of her in a bra and underwear that was meant for me to her snapchat story .
it was up for about 30 minutes before one of her coworkers male texted her to let her know .
still makes me chuckle when i think back to it .
do you think that 'll be any good when watching movies .
it 's basically a bit like dts x except using older hardware .
5 more and the last one will be 90 minutes long
not overly long unless you expect her to ditch or cheat on her boyfriend .
in that case wait till the end of time .
he had them for yandhi it doesnt take a few years he just sucks as a decision maker
i usually print to my home printer when i 'm on the go .
is niet raar onze beveiliging werkt tot 140 kmph .
snelheden van meer dan 160 worden in het buitenland ook vaak niet behaald .
model 3/y has a movable bumper the front and back is not part of the main frame .
it 's always so weird skimming through you little stories while your flair is ironwood pointing a gun right at me ...
truly unpopular you deserve an upvote even though i disagree
i 'm sorry but i deem this question not random enough .
wow this is why this sub is only filled with validation posts .
people that are actually unsure if they 're ta in a situation do n't want to get bullied
lends an air of spook to the whole shebang .
trick is to go walk up a munro or kayak the falls of dochart afterwards to burn the calories off .
does bf share you with other men or nah ?
i sense a conspiracy to erase our nation from history brother
it can have a bit of a sulphur/metallic note to it .
i saw someone comment so take it with a grain of salt but garret was mic 'd up for the game .
so if that was the case hard not to believe at least that mic did not pick up anything
edit not saying he was mic 'd up just pointing out if he was it would be very hard to so that mic did not pick up anything .
from the sounds of it he was n't mic 'd up so it ultimately does n't matter lol
when you get anything from season of growth you either already have passable mana or are so behind there is no comingback .
anywhere from venting to cheating to simply not trusting you .
i know that makes sense hell ps now allows this but i thought it was confirmed already .
people like you honestly are why i barely read this sub any more .
yeah i had to double check my new one because i was afraid i got a different type .
because they do nothing in the context of school shootings s
they 're legit shanny will have them well prepared .
it 's a bit strange seeing that picture again and recognising some of your plants at the time when i first saw it i did n't have a clue what they all were .
i still might not have a clue but on your old picture is the yellow looking one a pachyphytum cheese it 's next to the large bowl on the right middle shelf ?
i had a topsy debbi arrive today so i 'll put a pic up later 👍
i do n't even think it has to be decades ago .
early 2000s my mom let me and my brother in the car all the time .
we hated shopping and i 'm sure she did n't want one or two annoying kids with her .
i 'm 47 and i would regularly choose to sit out in the car and read while my mom was in the store .
i was home alone after school by age 8 and allowed to walk to the parks and library by myself .
when i visited my cousins during the summer we were on our own and did some crazy things in the name of adventure but nothing remotely bad ever happened .
the danger happened while i was being babysat molested .
i told him when he was in the ground if i wanted to call 911 but in the uk its not 911 its 999 hahaha and yeah man better safe than sorry when it comes to this safe and good trips
i do n't know what district you 're subbing for but the district i sub for specifically does not allow this .
if i get there and they say never mind they can think of something else for me to do or if they ca n't i 'm going home with pay .
i appreciate the whole thing about not giving your consent to government but in reality that 's kind of short-sighted .
you are n't consenting to be robbed if you give your wallet to a mugger .
the smartest thing to do is the thing that keeps you safe .
any consent we supposedly give to government by voting for them is invalidated by the coercive nature of government .
therefore i do n't see it as selling out our anarchic ideals to vote for the option that we believe will do less harm .
within the story and quoted by swalwell when nunes ' personal attorney personally confirmed the truth of it .
i think this is why you 're being so heavily downvoted here its a bit like you did n't listen at all .
ya know i low-key always thought that 's how it was spelled and i honestly do n't know how i never noticed .
if you keep the baby do n't be afraid of telling the hospital that you do n't know who the father is when you 're filling out that birth certificate .
if you do n't want him in your life you 'll regret putting it on there .
but just as the townsfolk locked arms and gathered to pray the children hand in hand the church began to shake .
i 'm in atlanta so est but i do n't mind waiting for it
i use the built in screen recorder for ios 12 i just swipe down to my control center and hit the record button .
drawing on your subtitle as an inspiration during and after the 2016 election i was a university student here in dc .
i remember when trump was elected and i was in a crowd in front of the white house when fights broke out after the last ballot submission was in .
i remember the national guard being deployed for about 2-3 days on my campus and around town for his inauguration .
i remember the endless protestors and one of my friends shielding his girlfriend from a pepper spray blast after someone in the crowd through a brick at a police officer .
i think it would be a pretty captivating netflix series to watch the city kind of go through a shock-and-awe situation over the course of a few weeks .
be mindful that neopren overshoes has a bad tendency to not survive for long .
i gave up and went for winter bike shoes .
but that 's why the pasture raised eggs are more expensive .
they take way more space way more time and yield fewer eggs .
you had asked what the difference was in stuff from some dude with a backyard and chickens vs cage free and i gave you the answer as to why the one is more expensive than the other .
i do n't know op or what his hens are laying so i could n't tell you .
a batman who finally snapped and killed the joker of his own universe only after a while a gang appears the dons his name and ways .
this batman who crossed the line continues on this road and kidnaps someone from the gang and uses him to set an example .
he does this because he does n't want to believe that he crossed the line only for imposters to appear and make his choice meaningless .
that 's how they kept the gold price low .
i fear that 's exactly what 's going to happen to bitcoin as well .
only you can answer if it is worth it for you .
i would recommend the gt3 rs or the gt2 rs or lamborghini huracan performante
lmao i usually saw that in vanilla not hfm .
we encourage all our users to participate in our subreddit to help our community grow .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/altblonde if you have any questions or concerns .
the one you were thinking about is the regular old 2ds .
it 's insane to think plex would have that amount of bandwidth ...
they do n't they 're using a cdn for relay you can read more about it here https support.plex.tv/articles/216766168-accessing-a-server-through-relay .
it 's more than just a dyndns if you don't/ca n't forward ports on your network the only option is a man-in-the middle server the plex relay .
i vaguely remember there may have been a small fire
oof did you ever tell the story to your bf ?
i tend to value the non-wildcards rares cause i 'm trying to fill everything up .
such questions are better suited for our sister-sub r/asksciencediscussion .
well thank you did n't expect someone like you to go through my profile considering im not apart of the bs community anymore .
i would make art for you but i have n't gotten moods for drawing anymore and i ca n't find my stylus my young cousins steal everything .
ive think i mightve lost the feeling for drawing bs content in general .
the chairs and table in the back are to close to the fireplace .
from a usability standpoint they would be around 5 '' 1.5m approximately to avoid heat damage .
probably nothing to worry about though as i doubt most people would give it a second thought .
hell i live in the pacific time zone and i do n't even stay up to watch some pac12 games or finish them .
some games end at 11:30 pm if they run long .
if you use the oculus mirror tool you can create a 1:1 aspect ratio window which is more accurate to the fov you 're experiencing in a single eye .
maybe the ex is trustworthy '' however..i find your boyfriend dirty .
he has not moved on from this girl ghost from his past and this is the real reason he wo n't change his past pass word.xx
this is why i 'm leaning towards no as well .
outside of a situation that adam schiff can completely control by making up rules as he goes along and excluding any bipartisan participation it 's easy enough to show that the democrats are attempting to overthrow a president for something the previous vice president actually did .
more than that a bipartisan trial would have to follow the rules of american jurisprudence and its impossible to convict someone on a case made of lies and presumption and a total lack of evidence in that setting .
it may even unveil the corruption and criminality that was employed to attempt a coup which would crush the democrat party for a generation .
politically speaking democrat house members who were elected in swing districts do not want to justify to their constituents that they voted to impeach a president because they did n't want him to win the election which is all this is about anyway
it 's already a disaster for democrats but the question of whether they actually vote on this will determine exactly how much of a disaster it will ultimately be .
but honestly how the f ' she shurfived the winter bareclothed also why h.heels !
i 'm sorry bro but that shit gets forgotten .
you have posted 14 reposts in the past 24 hours which is approaching the 15 limit r/giveaways has .
in order to promote fairness and to discourage hoarding once you hit the limit your reposts will be removed until the of reposts in past 24h drops below the limit .
do n't be a dick and burn up a friend or worse your bus 's clutch .
no he said that if he were subpoena 'd he fight it in court but he 'd testify if a court ordered him to comply with a subpoena .
then his lawyer encouraged congress to go through the whole process because he had important things to say .
basically he requested to be forced to testify after doing everything he possibly could to avoid it short of going to jail which is either a stall tactic or just republican toadying to authority meeting anger .
i was just expanding on how things feel because as you pointed out my stats are n't bad .
there are people with much lower numbers than i have who are apply to the same schools .
it 's nice when people tell others to shoot their shot !
you could try but you have n't been banned from either pokemon go or harry potter wizards unit ?
because if you have been banned from any of niantic 's games then you wo n't have access to reviews .
i can tell a welder experience based on how he stands .
it 's difficult to explain because every situation is different but a good welding stance is like a boxer .
i hope that it goes smoothly and well for them .
you may ask if the court has a therapy dog for children testifying .
i know your girls are teens but still having a therapy dog up on the stand with them may help to calm them down .
i could n't remember what colour his hair is .
was thinking light green tips but that 's dr stone .
we payed 20 bucks for a game you put thousands of hours into and spout freemium '' when they add dlc ?
just got ta go back to the base dom structure and be careful with what css is applied and debug as you would anything else .
every dev messes with this a few times till they get it spot on p
i suppose you think xi jinping and putin are ruling because the people want them there permanently as well ?
for real in terms of immersion this one was top .
the most fun one i 've ever done though was a pop-up room by deque systems .
it 's a disability escape room where each team member has to take on a disability and use assistive technology to solve the puzzles .
they take it around to different conferences and it 's a ton of fun .
would you say there are better deals on black friday or the same throughout the month ?
the game is moving closer to p2w in my opinion .
if you go to r/kdramarecommends which is where recommendations threads are posted since they 're not allowed here there are a few threads asking for recommendations with this theme
i wear pink hoodies pink t shirts and pink dragon ball z shoes on the daily .
for what i have no idea but that looks great
jealousy between couples or i do n't know it 's just the thought about somebody boning your gf
when you 're about to say wow what a shit deal ! ''
and then you realize it 's for cad not usd .
vague wording from doug about an injury gives me ptsd .
i meant 5 gallons ffs how did i mess that up
because the portable light up version https youtu.be/xbbgsy9vcq0 ? t=34 was not quite as good as playing it on a tv even if all you had was the atari 2600 version https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ncppgt0s70u .
if you 're positive and both have taken std tests it 's safe
ive unpacked from the zip and deleted the previous instance of marlin2.0 bugfix firmware each time ive so
select a secondary serial port on the board to use for communication with the host .
this allows the connection of wireless adapters for instance to non-default port pins .
serial port 1 is the usb emulated serial port if available .
i really dont want to brick the new board ive bought so i want to get rid of the erors
the festering core is completely new for everyone with shadowkeep .
you can launch it from the director on io to check it out .
yes taking the top 4 cards of your deck and putting them at the bottom does change your chance of getting a land if you consider you 'll never draw your entire deck .
if you draw your entire deck then the 40 remain intact no matter the order you draw your cards .
however if you have to stop at for example 50 of your total deck dumping more and more cards at the bottom thus never drawing them will change the you draw a land since for ever 4 cards you dump you have a higher chance to dump lands than non-lands .
if you have an endless narset that you can use forever and only do that you 'll get your initial 40 applied to your natural draw the change because of all the lands already in play/in your hand/discarded/exiled .
then you 'll use narset you 'll pick 1 non-land card and dump x land cards forever .
thus in the end you 'll end up with all your lands you managed to naturally draw which gets lower and lower every time you dump x cards at the bottom of your deck .
to put it in another example that 's a bit more obvious i believe
you have 6.66666 ... chance to draw 1 of it naturally .
you use narset twice and she dumps 2 of your copies at the bottom thus you 'll technically never draw them .
does that change your chance to draw the remaining 2 ?
i feel the answer is yes because now you have 2 48 if i count the draws/discards correctly which is 4.1 chance to draw one of the remaining 2 .
but this is only intuition '' i am curious to see actual statistical analysis of it .
you bought the car but it is under your mom 's name .
i would suggest having a conversation with your parents .
it is important to let them know that you are no longer able to afford paying for the gas and maintenance of the car .
to soften the tone of the conversation i would add in something like .
i have been trying to keep up with the expenses for the car but it is getting over whelming .
i can no longer afford to do it. this is not a fun conversation but it it should happen .
unless ... . you want to be a petty asshole about it .
i bet they purposely leave it on empty because they know you will fill it up .
they ca n't go anywhere if the tank is empty !
when they come to you to ask for gas and maintenance money .
just say it is n't your car and you do n't use it .
in russian engineering classes you only got any points if the answer was correct .
and then you had the chance to get full points by showing your thorough work .
their argument was if the bridge breaks down it does not matter were the mistake happened '' .
yes i agree that we ca n't make any prediction regarding alien life from a sample size of one .
i acknowledge that any argument for/against life on other planets is pure speculation .
my hypothesis is that life is a natural process in our known universe and when a strict set of conditions are met life can emerge .
a quick rundown on the scale of the universe .
we know that our solar system sits among millions of other solar systems in our milky way galaxy .
we know that there are several dozen other galaxies in our local galaxy cluster with millions of solar systems of their own .
then that local cluster of galaxies sits in our own virgo supercluster that has dozens of other local groups of galaxies .
and this supercluster might as well be a grain in the sand compared to the myriad of other supercluster of galaxies in our observable universe .
this amounts to trillions upon trillions of planets and solar systems .
can we point to a specific point in this vast void and show where there is life out there ?
but suppose only 1 of the observable universe can match our exact solar system configuration with an earth like planet in the goldilocks zone .
and suppose that only 1 of those candidate planets can have abiogenesis and emerge their own biology .
and that only 1 of those living planets can life evolve to our level of sentients .
even with the conditions for santient life being that strict that still leaves millions of possible worlds where this could have happened .
we only need to find one other planet that has evolved its own carbon based life on it .
and we would know that our planet is not a fluke .
this is pure speculation but the universe is too vast for us to be the only ones in it .
i barely listen to those as well so i ca n't help you with that sorry mate
there are bereavement charities like https www.cruse.org.uk who may have advice .
my own feeling is to mention something now instead of waiting otherwise what happens christmas day when the lack of a card/present starts the conversation ?
i 've got some sad news his illness made him die '' along with a chance to ask questions and to make it clear that any time they have more questions they can ask .
seen it on r/california someone suggested nationalizing power company .
reddit is hard-core left and a lot of the left are extreme leftist aka communist .
i agree story is better in witcher also in dragon age .
just look at the dudes profile 100 the type to call the cops on some 20 year old kid picking up after work .
i 'm not super emotional and completely incompatible with someone who is .
the only time i 've cried in my adult life was the day i had to put my dog down
for me he misses quite a few tackles literally just runs into them and they waddle on through .
not sure whether to just switch to militao as a outside cb
yta if you really cared to get involved so badly why did n't you use your own agency to actually ensure nothing happened .
if you stayed until the woman got out of the store you clearly had enough time to wait until she got back and make a reasonable judgement call yourself .
she was clearly already having a terrible day and you just stuck your nose in business that was n't yours .
i ... . dont know how to react to dis
unfortunately it has been removed because your submission must be an image .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/leagueofmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
just little movement for a few thousand years from the perspective of earth .
the earth is rotating around the sun if your flywheel is stationary the earth and the flywheel will move in relation to each other .
looking at mc mike james just shat his pants .
no shame in that we have al been there .
i just checked and he does have a bonus though .
unless it was only revealed after the event started .
damn no maps game really shouldnt be released with map selection that small
i was hoping someone would break this assfaced retard with some plate
settings apps tv connect to tv section and turn disney to on
i think you forgot to show us the glitch .
i studied 3d animation then really got into 2d animation so i tried to apply what i learned in college mixed with the fact that it 's not really good animation but works for the style
people turning left always have less priority than those going straight no matter what the light color was .
i ran out of food and after getting groceries i managed to pull myself together .
and at least one should be trapping the entire team lmao
well that 's really weird then the two i 'm talking about have names .
seems extremely hard to get a clean dismount especially with all that piranhas in the water
'' i 'm sorry mom i should n't have called you a whore because that is worse than death itself .
i 'm gon na call you a cheating lying piece of shit instead .
she cheated she broke up s traditional family structure because she could n't keep her legs closed getting her vagina raw dogged by someone who is n't her husband .
she destroyed her family she destroyed her trust most definitely affected the sons mind on how he views cheating women .
unfortunately your post has been removed because you submitted a post with no body content .
you can edit the body of the post to add content to it and then respond to this comment so that a moderator can re-approve your submission .
if the content of the title is all you want to share consider sharing it in the weekly dae does anyone else '' thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/bpd if you have any questions or concerns .
she was trying to call for attention if you want to kill yourself you do n't ask how does it feel to overdose because the person can call 911 and you can end on a mental institution besides a real suicidal person wo n't care about how it would feel because if someone is determined to end his life he 'll do it anyway and if it 's painful it 's better not to know .
besides everybody knows that when you overdose you will probably faint and you ca n't feel anything it 's the painless way to suicide but most of the times it doese n't work .
once a friend that is a drama queen texted me do ask me how many pills of clonazepam would she need to kill herself and i did n't panic because i know she was scared to do it so i told her that onda i took a whole prescription 60 pills i guess of clonazepam and took them to sleep at least a little i was super maniac and i really wanted to sleep not to die and it did n't kill me at all i could n't even sleep so i told her that if she wanted to die and not be saves she should hang herself i 'm not a muerderer and i did n't want to encourage her to die i said thet because i know she wo n't do it she only sends goodbye texts to scare people or post suicidal stories on instagram and she 's still alive .
if someone is really thinking in killing himself he wo n't say it so his plans wo n't be ruined if you see that someone holds enough pills or drugs to overdose but are hidden and the person looks weird but tries to act normal then you may worry but if someone gives you free hints about how he 's gon na kill himself the person is only asking for someone to listen to him/her
idk learn some basic sap java users basic as java ports some as java architecture would help too though not many systems are pure as java anymore
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
i forgot that that was an extra step to make it work properly .
nothing that could n't have been prevented by a proper spoke protector but now that chain is permanently bent and stuck there .
actually i ddi a triathlon last year and am training for more .
this will eventually be a 3-piece tattoo with elements for swimming and running .
i have neither the time nor desire to watch a three hour video in the hopes that something might be relevant to this sub or my life in general .
they never did anything with benevolent sindel she was always either kidnapped or incompetent post-mk3 .
if they explored her guilt over her suicide or how her dark resurrection and new powers clash with her desire to do good then i 'd be mad about the retcon but in all honesty i am so here for a selfish evil queen with the wits and will to stand on equal footing to shao kahn .
the message is a bug that i thought i fixed it .
really really thank you for pointing this one out .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
okay so i 'm not going to consider a commuter town and commute prices as by definition people do that to save money as they ca n't afford to live in london and i 'm trying to take the worst case scenario .
so if i search a 3 bedroom house in london i came up with £3000 in sw18 looks fairly nice and is pretty central still .
if you 're a family i 'm going to assume the partner is also working and let 's say they are also uni educated yet have a fairly average job for a london professional so only add £2000 to the take-home .
now you 're standing at £6000 take home and £3000 after rent .
my kensington bachelor situation was picked for a reason it 's one of the most expensive modes of living .
it looks great better than the hummers and trucks on the roads that micro penis people love to buy
we have n't really improved that much compared to last year whereas philly has gotten signifcant assets horford jrich yet we still have a better record in the tougher conference thanks to a couple of crazy clutch plays from the joker .
which was a complete mockery imo iirc ishinomori took legal action against toei for letting saban handle kr so poorly
despite criticism the democratic index is usually pretty okay as metric .
from memory he stayed in character after he was arrested for trying to kidnap pamela anderson too .
sticking kids in concentration camps that subject the kids to systematic abuse is pretty bad .
sure you can find things that are worse if you really try but its pretty damn bad
i am curious how much top us and uk unis value participation in international olympiads icho etc .
i just finished os too so do you have any advice on how to build my portfolio if i were to aim for those schools in jc ?
everyone on tumblr called the staff brogrammers cause did n't know fuck all about what they were doing and were super biased to there in groups .
nice try there buddy with this blatant post theft .
buddy if he 's taking nunu ghost cleanse adc he is clearly doing something wrong
maybe just use a translator and nickname them accordingly ?
having worker coops and universal healthcare is n't related to socialism .
the hell of capitalism is the firm not the fact that the firm has a boss
invisible ink is difficult unless you can use a blacklight and a uv pen
you could have glasses with tinted lenses and then scribble over the text with other colours so that when you 're looking at the paper it just looks like scribble but with the glasses on you only see the red pen
the glasses would need to let red light through but block every other colour of light .
you could use any combination of coloured glasses and coloured pens .
but even with gamebreaker abilities like chrollo or kurapika if their abilities would exist in the game in most cases nen is about using what you chose for yourself to the fullest so it should be somewhat fine .
i mean hisoka 's bungee gum sounds stupidly weak in theory but crazy good in practice .
asked one of my closest friends of 6 years to be a bridesmaid for my wedding .
during the year of planning i had a baby and went through a pretty rough time afterwards adjusting to a new life with a partner that worked away for majority of the time and massive post natal anxiety apparently me going through a rough time in her world meant i needed to bail on the wedding and leave my future husband .
which she told me at the end of my hens night which she single handedly organised such a trash night had a go at my other girlfriends behind my back but ... then had a go at me on the taxi ride home .
biggest stab in the back was a week from the wedding she used a really lame excuse to try and start a fight to get out of being apart of the wedding.. was n't falling for that trap and gave her the out she was looking for which ended with her wishing me luck with my marriage .
the kicker is her texting my most cherished friend after it all went down the messaging was on our bridesmaid group chat so my friend saw everything and was n't at all feeling the same way as her that i was being a bride from hell and that she felt icky about our wedding since before the hens night .
kinda felt like a sabotage the entire time looking back at it .
i really wish i did n't try to justify her shitty behaviour leading up to it all.. husband felt the stab too .
on flinders lane there 's a plant-based cafe called weirdoughs .
a little unhealthy donuts and croissants but tasty stuff .
a surprise to be sure but a welcome one .
i 've heard of the song but i know nothing else about it .
telegraph is far worse than the mail these days .
the mail at least holds the government to account sometimes whereas now former telegraph journalists boris johnson is prime minister they 've basically become his personal pravda .
it 's probably an unuseless invention google it if you do n't know what it is they are fun to browse through .
unfortunately your post was removed because it is in violation of rule 4 .
you can try re-uploading to one of our trusted hosts imgur http www.imgur.com or gfycat http www.gfycat.com .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/breedingmaterial if you have any questions or concerns .
the police and the da do n't give a flying fuck about what the company thinks it 's moral turpitude and criminal law not a civil suit .
it is maybe english thread instead of metric thread .
unless you are a cyclist of course those tracks are just an accident waiting to happen .
yeah it 's definitely a mate word unless you just really dislike someone
hey sure they are gon na come over mths and mths if you are waiting for login and mthly gigas and terras but oh man thats a long ass time .
meanwhile if you play a couple of hours a day you can farm a 6 star a week .
if you play 4-5 hrs you can make 2 or 3 a week .
c'est le cas d'alexis 17 ans en première année de licence de staps sciences et techniques des activités physiques et sportives .
« je ne comprends pas vraiment ce que je fais là » s'interroge en aparté après le cours le jeune homme .
« j'ai eu 10 et 14 au bac de français .
j'ai été très surpris de voir qu'après le test de positionnement j'allais être obligé de suivre ces cours de français en plus de mes vingt-huit heures de cours par semaine et du niveau de la pratique sportive requis » poursuit le jeune homme qui se verrait bien devenir préparateur physique dans le football .
« ce qu'on attend à l'université n'a plus rien à voir avec le lycée .
or ce dont on se rend compte depuis plusieurs années c'est que l'écrit est de plus en plus défaillant » explique laprofesseure sarah de vogüé .
try below formula in conditional formatting while column a selected .
except that leon can apparently somehow still get lost on linear paths ...
this post has been removed because it is a crosspost .
99 of the time crossposts have little if any relevance to captainsparklez .
just because it is minecraft or even something for jordan to react to does n't mean it belongs here .
please read this post https www.reddit.com/r/captainsparklez/comments/cpzaes/off_topic_posting_guide_and_current_announcements to determine what our subreddit considers on topic posting .
if you feel that this removal is unjust and would like to resubmit this you must contact the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcaptainsparklez for approval before resubmitting .
failing to do this will result in a temp ban .
additionally make sure that you have familiarized yourself with the rules https www.reddit.com/r/captainsparklez/about/rules for our subreddit thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/captainsparklez if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's against us which is basically practice for the league .
my thought is that genetically speaking a billion years is a reeeeeeeaaaaaly long time .
a billion years us what separates us from pond scum .
it could be kinda hard after a billion years to distinguish the descendants of apes and rats since the 2 split comparatively recently and share pretty much all major body features and most of the same genes .
it 's a part of one of the missions where sentinel raids a outcast safe house
the inkosi is fairly different than the sebenza 21/31 .
the sebenza 31 is the same as the sebenza 21 but with a ceramic lock while the inkosi has a different handle and thicker blade .
i 'd say get the inkosi now and if you do n't like something about it you can always sell/trade it and get a seb31 .
it could be a long time before you get a seb31 since they will sell fast once they first come out and it may be hard to snag one .
he might not be able to include that because of a legal reason .
i am fairly certain that reading that paper was leading factor in my grandfathers dementia .
also i found out there is a night mode for the extension too
sandersons level '' is by no means as high as you seem to think it is .
u cant defend with the barrel against bridgespam miner graveyard loon hog ant more .
and if u dont have the barrel in cycle u cant even defend a babydragon or something like this
i proudly said i was a disappointment at school and then everyone else proudly said they were disappointments
for tradings pokemon exchanges raid battles online with other people or wathever you need in a chat visit our discord
or go to the trading thread on this sub trading masterpost https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonswordandshield/comments/dwvf0f/trading_and_exchange_pokemon_sword_shield_versions
map with all raids in the wild area https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonswordandshield/comments/dydc3y/here_is_a_map_of_the_wild_area_with_all_raid_den
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemonswordandshield if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's weird i absolutely hate children and will never want anything to do with them yet a mere imitation of a baby is oddly heartwarming to look at
because you look forward to touching yourself at night .
wtf happend here the text was removed same second as i clicked on it
i 'm so sorry for what you 're going thru .
the button keeps yelling at me to click it so i do but still keeps coming back all the same
lol the downtime almost saved me from beginning a late night to begin with
but how many of those countries make up nearly 20 of the world 's population ?
i do n't mean to knock riho she has been a good champion up until now .
i 'm hopeful though now shida is permanently in the us now they can put the belt on her and let her run with it .
i had to read it like 5 times cause omg am i high lol
please do n't delete this post or your verification pics or else you will lose the verified flair .
belt fed bolt action would be a good band name .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
find something else to post or do n't post it at all .
reposting anything from the album of common reposts https old.reddit.com/r/cursedcomments/comments/bucr5t/every_image_in_this_album_with_be_removed_and_the may result in a seven day ban .
if you feel that your post was removed in error or are unsure about why this post was removed then please contact us through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcursedcomments .
my mate just got out of basic and i made some joke alluding parade ground '' to like a carnival parade .
dumb joke off hand that was n't even funny .
i 've never had him react that way to me ever .
something about when we parade on the grounds it 's marching on the memories and graves of previous service people so when you march you fucking march .
to show poor form would be to disrespect all those before you .
conversation got super awkward but he was freshly indoctrinated and i understood very very clearly that he very much believed in these things he was telling me .
he now understands how much of a dickhead he was by acting that way and acknowledges it was purely indoctrination while i see it totally as that i also totally understood his belief and commitment at the time .
he hated it by the time he 'd left only 3-4 years .
the ama data miners confirmed that uranium fever has seven tiers of rewards .
i think the other people on this thread are right offers are given before january only to applicants with exceptional grades .
sadly that means i 'll have to wait a while
my mate just got out of basic and i made some joke alluding parade ground '' to like a carnival parade .
dumb joke off hand that was n't even funny .
i 've never had him react that way to me ever .
something about when we parade on the grounds it 's marching on the memories and graves of previous service people so when you march you fucking march .
conversation got super awkward but he was freshly indoctrinated and i understood very very clearly that he very much believed in these things he was telling me .
he now understands how much of a dickhead he was by acting that way and acknowledges it was purely indoctrination while i see it totally as that i also totally understood his belief and commitment at the time .
he hated it by the time he 'd left only 3-4 years .
i am a science fiction author and nothing i write has ever approached that sort of money .
i doubt i can write that poorly even if i try though .
our 3 year old daughter spent about 3 1/2 months in the nicu .
as time goes on it 's easy to forget but then you think about it and it 's like wow how did we do that ? !
certain stories still get me choked up when speaking them out loud .
i would take them off as well let that butt breath
the things you mentioned do n't create jobs in the states of people who have sway
so can we see it with the subdivision modifier activated
sorry your submission https www.reddit.com/r/apexlegends/comments/e0ghls/lemme_see_all_those_who_like_the_hemlock in r/apexlegends was removed because the post was not long enough to encourage a meaningful discussion .
please note this action was performed automatically and adding characters in an attempt to circumvent this filter will result in an automatic ban from r/apexlegends .
please do not send us modmail asking to manually approve a post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/apexlegends if you have any questions or concerns .
you have set allowedips to 0.0.0.0/0 which means it 'll try to force all traffic through the wireguard tunnel but of course your local lan shares and whatnot are not in the wireguard network which is why it keeps failing .
what you need to do is update the allowedips field such that it 'll only send relevant traffic through the tunnel and everything else goes through the usual route .
so set allowedips to 192.168.0.0/24 assuming this is your wireguard subnet .
now only the traffic within this subnet will be pushed through the wireguard tunnel and everything else will take the usual route .
i 'll do some research on sharps disposal in my area .
man if you were my little sister i would 've beat the brakes off your boyfriend .
the issue today is these lies are being put on steroids and with more and more people using social media its reaching levels of unprecedented influence .
social media is based on engagements social media wants to keep you engaged they will show anything to do that .
or that their 'truth ' is more worthy than someone else 's 'truth . '
there are people who do n't even know what the subject material is and therefore ca n't know a lie if they read it .
you can encourage and facilitate a healthy good spirited debate backed with evidence .
denying the holocaust exists is a bad premise to start with you cant possibly try to hold a debate based on that premise for example .
the look of pride and admiration says it all !
not if you rip out the page with your grudge
as much as i agree i 'm 100 sure those lines were there because the mission was loaded as a simple exterminate .
i do n't know what happens post-new war but those lines definitely wo n't play during those missions .
much like any new mission type that came after apostasy prologue read disruption and ropalolyst do n't have lotus transmissions no mission in the sentient tilesets will have them either .
unfortunately your submission has been removed due to the use of upvote '' in the title .
resubmitting a removed post without prior moderator approval can result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm focused on challenges and i was able to run into enemy spawn and annihilate after dying a lot trying to get crouch kills
used it for years until i recently started mixing my foundation with skincare products .
there 's zero evidence to support the existence of any deity let alone what is attributed to any deity .
stating that a particular deity definitely exists requires a surrender of critical thinking how is promoting such a thing to still-developing minds ethical ?
if this post makes you suffer upvote this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makemesuffer if you have any questions or concerns .
60 points and 20 rebounds off the bench is n't a lot to ask
same one with the washington post stay the course '' letter signee who is desperately trying to keep working and relevant after all those years being part of the problem to get things to this point to begin with .
the quicker she and the others that look ridiculous now after all their policies made things worse for years fades away the better .
cartman 's line why has everything today involved things going into or coming out of my ass ! ''
it 's also irritating that he 's changed his policies like a million times so criticizing one lets his sycophantic ghouls go nuh uh !
he changed it and made it better '' but when you go look it 's better '' but still awful .
you have given two dubloon coin to user '**blessuk4 ' .
not sure if this really counts but here goes .
at first we were n't really friends she would hang out with 2 girls who did n't really like me .
but one day those same 2 girls who did n't like me started to bully me because of my weight i 'm a chubby person i did n't really say much because at the time i was really quiet and did n't want to start things .
they eventually left me alone and walked away then she came up to me the friend '' and felt bad they were bullying me .
since we were in p.e we started to throw the ball back and forth and i thought she would be a great friend .
but weeks after that happened i saw her look in my direction and she avoided eye contact with me as if it never happened .
she stopped talking to me and did n't bother to hang out with me ever again .
been a while since i had my grand prix gtp and i 'm still sore about letting it go because it was a family car and the mechanic i trusted to fix it fucked it up .
that finish was awesome have they ever done that before ?
have the jets played better or have they just beat two really bad teams ?
i agree weather and travel could def be a factor and i 'm not saying it 's an easy win but people are hyping up the jets a little too much if ya ask me
and to be fair i 'm nervous about every game lol
even if i made the food i need to see it while eating or i 'm weirded out
i have n't heard back from uw seattle yet either .
if you 're on mobile go to the subreddit 's main page .
poke the dots in the top corner and a menu with a user flair option should appear ios here may be different on android .
please familiarize yourself with this post https www.reddit.com/r/saltierthancrait/comments/91tgxr/welcome_to_saltier_than_crait for the rules and guidelines of this sub before participating .
if you are experiencing any problems or have any issues please use the report function or do no hesitate to contact our moderators directly .
remember while stc is a community for discussion and critique it is also peppered with satire .
take what you read here with a grain of ... salt .
thank you and may the force salt be with you !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/saltierthancrait if you have any questions or concerns .
they kicked out andrew from all duties even when he resisted several times .
by they i mean the queen god and prince charles
this looks like an eldritch horror that has disguised itself as a cake .
you completely invalidate your entire argument by implying a ref intentionally blinded a player .
unfortunately the sub seems to be primarily for mainstream gaming news .
have n't found anything better though which is annoying .
this shit is all acceptable if you 've gone through 2005 with this club .
this club has gone through an amazing transformation since niebaum .
but on the other hand there 's this amazing squad that will just underperform as once every few games .
doing a quick look id say 70 for the set .
i really want to know more about a mage .
unfortunately they 're all real i just shopped it on my phone quick
i 'm glad you 've got your sight back .
this post has been removed due to improper title tagging .
due to automod restrictions all posts are required to have a tag in the title .
please resubmit your post beginning with one of the most relevant bracketed words in the title .
for more information please see the post types and flairs page .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/streetwear if you have any questions or concerns .
i really feel like somebody 's blackmailing the guy and he 's shitty a person to accept it in public .
i ca n't believe they let charlotte eat hte pin ... .sucks though now that means she 'll definitely win sunday
as someone who works at another big news publication it 's mostly journalists and reporters .
so if i think you 're an idiot i must be a trump supporter ?
pity lib dem voters were n't siding with labour when they were complaining of the audience being unrepresentative then is n't it ?
pity there was no widespread outrage when they were actively reaching out to far right groups to take part in question time .
one wonders if purdah has put the fear of god in to them and they 've got their act together
i know it 's not a big deal and disappointment like this will blow over always does it just reminded me i was going to make a post like this since we have seen such reactions multiple times .
and your right their will always be some disappointment no matter the system you use but a slight more vague system in terms of release but a broader system in terms of information could help lesson the blow at both ends .
since you would see more of the bigger picture without being locked into the idea that something has to be in this patch or that hotfix without something solid to latch onto it becomes harder to to build up that definitive expectation .
and to be clear i do n't think this is a big deal everyone vents it 's healthy it 's more so i think the current iteration since it 's inception has had a critical flaw that is causing distress when it really does n't have to .
i mean we all know that we get a version of the internal schedule but what dates that want to get stuff done by is only really relevant to developers .
the information that is relevant to us is progress and what is next for us to test and play .
showing us less of the information that is less relevant to us like the internal estimates and showing us the progress of long term tasks like say server meshing and what will 100 be in the next patch .
would really help people digest the information lower community stress with that lower expectations .
elementary school no responsibilities full of nothing but sunshine and happy thoughts
they look a lot like the steps into the spaceship from flight of the navigator
i got the knife done in like 2 hrs on shoot house
it will give you safe space to talk it out and you would have someone that is trained to diffuse tense situations that can arise during such discussions
i am citing a source that was found in the spanish national archives in 2002 .
anything else you would like to pull out of your ass ?
12.6 is in inches and the speed is in feet per second .
go to germany and tell hitler not to attack russia in the winter
go back home because that 's already a lot of damage
kind of looks like a beefed up version of an old cz dirt bike
other days i 'm dealing with constant system freezes .
signed on tonight and got code error s:101 the suggested fix was turn everything off and try 5 minutes later .
in my opinion this service costs way too much to be this glitchy .
oh haha i tried to look through to see if it was already posted .
if you use a arena tracking program some of those tell you what cards you acquire .
so even if arena does not display it you will know .
this was a case about at fault or not and lawyer is too expensive for such a thing so i just went through my own insurance .
it 's that bag of dicks you ate for breakfast probably
all in the family sock and a sock shoe and a shoe https youtu.be/prrtcqz8uqk
there 's plenty of reasons to bash on scientology but not really that much more than most other religions .
most of them are used by some for power control over women or children and to limit same-sex relationship rights .
just because he was raised around it never made him a douchebag .
you heard it here first notley predicted the kamikaze candidate
why would notley go to the trouble when she knows kenny 's could just fire people to make it all go away ?
some outdated info in this thread due largely to advancements in battery chemistry as well as the way that apple and other companies protect you from damaging the battery .
for example if you 're at 100 the battery is not actually fully charged .
if the battery reports 0 and you shut it down there is still power left over usually at least 5 of the battery 's real capacity .
this is why you can still turn the device on .
and once it gets to the point where the os can read the battery 's reported capacity not actual it will shut down again .
apple and other oems do this to extend the life of the battery by preventing you from extreme charge or discharge .
do n't let your battery discharge under 20 ever more like 30 usually for me
ideally a battery is stored at around 50 charge .
long term storage at a high or low state of charge can accelerate degradation .
leaving it at 100 just prior to usage or even overnight wo n't harm it .
do n't let the phone get hot or leave it in the sun heat destroys batteries
this is the big one so i 'll come back to this in a moment .
do n't leave it plugged in overnight charge an hour or so before bed
there is no harm in leaving it plugged in due to the way the battery has its voltage capped .
it 's perfectly safe to leave it plugged in overnight and tesla even recommends doing this for their automotive batteries .
using the phone while it charges will generate additional heat .
the worst thing that most people do with their phones is use them while charging .
my general rule for use and charging is as follows for micro-management types only as everyone else should only worry about rule 1
to the extent possible do not use the device while charging .
if the battery is 20 to the extent possible cease usage and plug it in .
if you ca n't plug it in turn on battery saver .
if the battery is 80 and it 's not already charging do n't put it on the charger .
for the most part it wo n't harm the battery but some people are addicted to topping off .
if you 're constantly topping off you 're likely using the phone between charges with no time gaps .
this is essentially similar to charging while using and is nearly as bad for the battery .
so break yourself of the habit of ritually topping off when not necessary .
apparently being a good guy will not help at all when being bullied you have to fight back .
yesterday started new game and manually picked all of the civs for the first time in my life because i 've had enough with egyptian maryannu archers .
in 3 out of 4 last games ended up close enough to them that i needed to stop everything and just beeline knights and crossbowmans cause they were unstoppable .
at war with 3 civs at the same time and still with tons of troops that have unbelievable amount of movement points .
well they 're not all connected and your graph shows that ...
an hour and a half that could be spent on book 4 .
when you say two hops away '' do you mean the number of eeros between your device and the gateway ?
for wired that amount of loss would not be typical but could be caused for a number of reasons .
for wireless it seems pretty good depending on how noisy your environment is .
i would use it as a commuter in my rural area
you ca n't hold your breath for 1 second ?
hypoxia takes a bit longer to set in i believe .
your submission has been removed for violating our community rules https www.reddit.com/r/discordapp/about/rules
rule 5 bug reports should be reported to the discord testers server https discord.gg/discord-testers .
you might find that it 's already been reported .
if you have any questions about the removal please contact our mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdiscordapp .
i only had 2 jobs but it worked both times np
wait so.. for him the whole ordeal was not worth it because he does n't even get to be part of it the one reason he did all this ?
upvote this comment if you feel this submission is characteristic of our subreddit .
downvote this if you feel that it is not .
if this comment 's score falls below a certain number this submission will be automatically removed .
currently at 180 and struggling a stupid amount with being good how did you fast ?
tacsports largest footstep hearing radius not obnoxious sound quality .
for example generators labs will drown out distant footsteps consistently .
does n't suffer from sordin 's loud ambient sounds .
gssh terrible quality your own footsteps are too loud .
it 's probably a conductive surface like copper carbon or gold ... there are lots of options for sample preparation in electron microscopy .
whatever the support material is it appears to be more conductive it 's noticeably lighter than the dna strand .
hi op ! to help people understand what exactly has aged like milk please reply to this comment with any further infomation context and explanation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/agedlikemilk if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean yeah but the damage output and healing was still op .
earlier in the game i 1v2 ryze and we and i mean ww on as battle should win lul
first time i went up there i took a road trip and we drove all over the state .
following year i got a job up there and worked for the summer .
came back and went up again following year took the ferry back to wa state which was amazing bc you make tons of stops and they let you off for a couple hours in places like juneau which is right on the coast .
on the deck at nite while passing thro canadian waters we saw the northern lights and whales up close .
next year i went back for work and when the season ended a friend i met up there and i used some of the money we made to buy bikes and gear and spent 2.5 weeks bking across alaska from anchorage to fairbanks stopping in denali national park and camping in it .
seriously looked like jurassic park or some prehistoric era shit lol .
i got a job offer to start off as a deckhand on a fishing boat next summer so i 'm hoping i can make it !
my advice to you if you 're up for it is try and find some kind of seasonal work up there so you can get paid to go and fund a little adventure travelling up there afterwards .
the work is very hard and labor intensive and long 16hr days but it 's totally worth it .
if you already work on a farm you should n't be used to hard work i 'm guessing .
fyi if you ever do make it be advised everything up there is at least twice as expensive as it is in the states and the more remote you get the pricier things become where we were working on the alaskan peninsula all goods have to be imported by boat or plane a 6 pack of bud was like 17 and a gallon of milk was like 11 if that gives you an idea lol .
hope you make it up there tho there really is like no place like it ! !
hahaha they actually should i kept comparing the gift to that first hit of crack or something then i had to pay for the next hit plus buying start up paraphernalia etc .
i think they are dismiss bad ones thru qc or maybe we will have a batch thats has 0.75:1 and 0.95:1 consistency
yta 350 a month for rent/utilities/food does n't make you an equal roommate and is a sweetheart of a deal
you 're not a child anymore even if you 're attending school .
literally everything that could 've gone wrong when designing the joker did go wrong .
i wonder if they 'll split the sack between barmore and jennings or give it all to barmore .
mir ist die sexualität oder das gender der person in einer politischen auseinandersetzung einfach egal genauso wie andere merkmale .
natürlich würde jetzt jemand eher eine position vertreten die ihm selbst hilft da ergibt es schon sinn dies zu hinterfragen .
holy crap i did n't know he climbed onto the tank .
this is someone who decided he was probably going to die that day and made is peace with that .
i have found pot to be something that relieves anxiety only to making me want to compulsively use it again to relieve anxiety again and even think the after effects cause anxiety so i stopped using it .
not to mention we need a option to max out a hero without having to click so much
i know i definitely have a pair somewhere i 'll go hunting for them later tonight .
i guess your arguments end on reiterating the same old points that have been pushed by agenda-driven organizations .
and when challenged by merit-based counter-arguments you fail to respond .
why is n't eu commission going after low democratic standards of german and spanish judiciary systems ?
they in fact have systems in place that allow politicians to pick remove promote judges .
if we gon na go after pis reforms that politicize courts we have to go after the german system that is already set up for political control .
but you know very well that 's not going to happen .
we are the product of patterns in physical brains .
there is no causal continuity between those patterns and other conscious patterns .
if you need higher standards of evidence science ca n't provide that but it likewise ca n't disprove that your bedroom has been replaced by a mimic that 'll eat you if you open the door .
you ca n't consistently live your life while taking such small odds seriously .
if i 'm being honest i really ca n't explain why i do n't like making eye contact but if i have to i will .
i try to keep eye contact with people but it will just make me feel a bit weird inside .
and no i do not watch the show atypical i barely even watch tv .
you 've got to fucking die to get three points
you 'd think most adults would understand that referencing call of duty 2003 for history does n't hold up but what can you do ...
ihave some body with that offer already uhave to outbid that
i feel like everything i hear about this game is either it 's by far the best game of the year '' or i did n't care for it at all.
i have yet to play it but i just ca n't remember a game being this polarizing .
now that they have answered i 'm more concerned about the people whom said its screwed
the only thing i can think of is that they installed the box for the remote start in such a way that the break pedal linkage drags on it and so slowly or never returns to an 'unpressed ' state when op stops pressing on the brakes .
kind of like riding the brakes even when you 're not in the car to press on them .
heck i thought for sure that song was gon na be this https youtu.be/ksvsy11phxm
playing injured in a league where weaknesses are feasted upon ...
i do n't know if the three year old convert uses current models you 'll have to wrap the texture and see yourself if it looks right .
make sure to use a referral code when you create an account
i had the same issue as op and tried re-initializing the unit .
it did n't fix the issue in my case .
see the link below on how to reset the unit if all other options are exhausted without resolution .
that 's an accurate description of the legal situation indiana university is in .
the first amendment has been incorporated to the states via the fourteenth indiana university is a public university and case law holds that the implication of the first amendment is that public employers do n't have the same latitude in discharging employees for their private speech that private employers do .
i get that it sucks but they 're 100 right about what the law is .
and if the university officials themselves were unsure they have lawyers who would tell them exactly that .
it does migrate logins.json but they do not work this way either .
hopefully they 'll be missing the necessary metals to enter the bronze-iron-steam age .
i read that all the easily accessible neat-surface mines have been used up .
of course maybe they 'll just end up mining the remains of our civilization .
this is pretty enlightening to some bad trends with babcock and players .
if this is all true i think we know why the buds have playing lackluster hockey since january .
solji became exid 's leader most likely because she was their vocal coach and by far the most experienced and skilled debuted in 2006 !
ahead of most 2nd gen idols not to mention the oldest .
maybei 'm biased as in the true definition of the word and not just because she 's my ultimate but she truly does have one of the absolute best voices in kpop—enough to overshadow fellow member hyelin who would definitely be the main vocal in another group .
solji has n't screwed up but as most know from mid or late-2016 to late 2018 she involuntarily went on hiatus due to her hyperthyroidism .
i remember when she deleted most of her posts off instagram and everyone thought it was a sign that she was leaving the group i 'm getting sad and almost a little nostalgic talking about it !
she came back with a vengeance once i love you came out this time last year i think to the day !
as it 's a song that showcases 5xid at their very best overtook the popular ddd in views became their first video with 1 million likes etc not to mention the fact that she went on an amazing 5-win streak on king of masked singer at the same time .
she was the very first winner of koms so to see her go on the show again was incredible .
she truly does a lot to bring positive attention to her group and it 's almost always through sheer skill and hard work .
in terms of her leadership she brings such a relaxed and masterful atmosphere to the group that the others naturally follow her but at the same time she 's not so strict that they ca n't all be goofy with each other .
she may have felt she did n't do enough during her hiatus—i remember her saying she cried her eyes out at one point because she could n't do more about her health conditions despite the fact that she was attending music college at the time—but i think she and hani are the reason the group is so close and so adamant about staying together .
solji will forever be the president of the leggo fanclub .
it 's such a good quality in a leader that allowed them to grow and endure whatever hardships they 've had .
i 'm gon na stop now before i write an entire essay .
uncle sam will not agree with it as a marketing expense .
you can use bonus depreciation federally to write off the entire purchase price limited to the percentage of business use in the year you buy it but the state may have limits and you will need to reclaim income when you sell it or transfer it out of the business .
they are using half life alex to test the waters l.. itis going to be as good as the half life 3 i expected .
and i have an index ca n't wait also valve said we 'll see more half life if this game does well .
half life 3 will come and it will also be a vr game .
edible contract 45q done 4.5 days to go we 'll probably make it but a little more would help .
i love how half-life alyx made so many more people interested in vr in general and show how cool it can be .
i just wish i could afford this kind of stuff .
and the eight weeks of recovery for injured wrists ?
also hard to get money from the motorist in a hit and run .
you really meant it to be have a brain but of course you could n't spell it !
half a brain would be slightly more accurate but no brain or brainless or even braindead is exactly who you are .
do n't confuse the propaganda machine with the people .
the people yes they have been very hard-headed with trump yes they have allowed to be constantly lied to .
but a whole lot of groups will start shutting up wo n't vote or vote differently .
20 years old and gone b4 his life 's even started ffs 🙏🙏 rip 🙏🙏
it 's human nature to help other people out once in a while .
your brother does n't need to feel bad for being a human being .
he never asked for ideas on what to post .
and no they do n't they either get sent them by their fans or they look for it themselves
sure some sbcs are overpriced but i do n't think this one is .
sure it 's not an uber tier card but it looks great .
put an artist chem on him and he has no real flaw .
thanks i got to the rift boss on extreme but i always died there .
as someone who grew up with crocodiles as my favorite animals i 've just given up .
but thank you for keeping up the good fight lol .
i can sound like a guy if i really tried to i 'm a lady
everyone knows the trick to flying is just falling and missing the earth .
a while back one of my psychology professors told us that oftentimes a depressed person may seem happier right before they commit suicide .
it 's because they 've committed to the decision and it 's like a weight has been lifted off their shoulders .
the last 1-2 days before they go they 're tying up loose ends and saying their farewells to everyone without anyone 's knowledge of course .
not sure how true it was but that explanation always stood out to me .
well i have asperger 's and i became independent by analyzing regular behavior fitting for my age and acting accordingly .
i know it 's not a movie but euphoria is a pretty epic tale about different addictions .
just now the fedex guy was scared when he saw my small dog on my porch .
fedex guy ignored the lable that said fragile and threw package onto the porch from the bottom of my steps .
contents of the package were undamaged but that still seems like a big overreaction over a small dog .
the accepted reference for pony heights is this clip https youtu.be/kzbxznrnmmg .
from it we 've used the candy cane to determine scootaloo 's size .
from there lots of other scenes with scootaloo have been cross-referenced to determine the height of anything or anyone she has ever stood next to .
unfortunately it 's unknown if the pony standard for eight feet is the same as the human one .
they might have a smaller unit that they just call feet.
so ... capper is ten feet tall by pony standards .
it 's up to you to decide how tall that is by human standards .
do you not the like how the word sounds ?
i think if this were me i 'd make sd stay with mom for a few months .
she made the decision so she needs to really feel the consequences of her actions .
i would n't even tell her she can move back in but maybe plan for it in the back of my head .
she should be held accountable and deal with the difficult situation she created at her mom 's house .
the fact it was in french was n't the issue to clarify it was the implication that the other person was naive though that really was more skirting the line than crossing it .
appreciate the rest of your comment and no worries it was a warning .
i take no position on what people are doing as a mod but i encourage you to keep participating within the rules and having discussions .
i forgot i 'd read the first part and i 'm so glad i found this
the tech of tech makes some great points about price leverage and that the traditional dealer model does not lend itself to giving the buyer much in the way of advantages .
reservation holders are buying the right of first refusal .
if the dealer tries to play games with pricing with any sort of markup the buyer can walk .
additionally sales leads are incredibly valuable to car dealerships .
buyers who plunk down 500 are even more so and it means the sale is theirs to lose .
happy holidays had been an accepted christmas greeting for 100 years or more .
this has been a false narrative that republicans have been using for decades .
the idea of political correctness is always couched in benign words but it 's really a smokescreen for people that want to be openly against the out-group whether that 's racial minorities immigrants gays trans people etc .
go down go down '' fuck off bristol city commentator there was no contact to even go down under .
yes it is something you encourage if you 're saying that you fucking idiot .
i left at 28 as i went through a divorce and was broke af from said divorce .
i spent a lot of time reading church history and getting upset at all the damn lies .
things started getting better when i made exmo and non mormon friends .
it was refreshing to have people in my life who did n't not care that i left the church but who were actually proud of me for doing so .
you can find friends on this sub or depending on where you live there 's probably more around than you suspect .
do n't spout your whole faith transition story in the first date ... . but getting out there and dating people also helps it get better .
the common theme is that you have to socialize with non mormons or exmo 's and pretty quickly you 'll start feeling acceptance and have more genuine relationships that arent premised on believing a con artist had been called if god to use rocks in a hat to translate a book by a non existent culture and who only slept with other people 's wives because an angel with a flaming sword mfw i realized that was his code for his dick made him .
edit forgot to add that i 've been out for a solid 5 years now and i 've never been happier .
remarried this time to an amazing nevermo and the relationship is so much more real because we do n't have any jesus/god are an equal partner in our relationship nonsense and my worthiness as a spouse is n't in doubt if i watch porn .
i havenr like shaynas reign outsidenof the briral squashes and the io matches .
this is some legend of zelda shit right here .
imagine link saying excuse me princess but i got ta charge my master phone !
i avoid anything over 1k from now on to avoid wm id check/scan .
kind of a pain to make more wm trips but i see it as a must if i 'm to stay alive in the ms game .
my sister says she wan na bang you where should i send her ?
i have n't experienced crazy things but i have déjà-vus so often that i sometimes have déjà-vus of déjà-vus i had before .
i sometimes just do n't know if it 's just a déjà-vu or it really happened .
i also dream of the same places almost everytime .
it 's really vivid and i can still remember the structure and many details .
i wrote the ones down i remember and by now i have written down 29 .
so it wasnt a foul just cause its for liverpool ?
brute force 650i with irs or 650 with solid rear axle ?
if its independent rear end then i 'd say the kawi over the polaris .
tbh the double painite thing is not really nessarry .
hell i do not even core mine when i need some cash and i pull in around 150m a hour .
check out r/eliteminers they have tones of guides and tips so you can get started making credits .
the movie featured the song 'singin ' in the rain ' for the very first time predating the musical of the same title by 23 years .
it was sung by the entire cast ... bar one
ozil is the kind of player that elevates a great team but hinders all others .
his talent is undeniable but if the team isnt dominant already he 's just not a great fit .
not sure what you mean by tiles improving themselves unless you 've taken over a city that has already been improved .
you 'll need to improve your own tiles with builders but if you 're taking over other cities the ai tend to have improved most of their tiles .
when city-states are n't at war they just improve tiles .
roads are laid down automatically when you create a trade route .
the ai can also set up trades with you in the background and that creates more roads .
there are many civs that specialise in domination and religion .
genghis alexander and shaka are examples of domination types .
jayavarman tamir and jadwiga are example of those strong with religion though are many more of each category .
ca n't speak much for domination or religious games because they are my least favourite styles lol
i miss him yesterday broke the streak of seeing him three fridays in a row .
i have n't even seen hazbin hotel but this cosplay is off the wall !
it 's a great way to learn a ton .
also check out r/homelab they are an awesome community .
check out the wiki in the side bar for this sub also .
i run a youtube channel also that is all about enterprise technology .
why old mw did n't have so much problems ? ?
my favourite so far is you 're journey nears its end ''
in some cities that guy would be covered in shit and have needles sticking out of him .
klopp to taa at ht are you trent 's brother ? ''
i ca n't decide weather it 's carpentry gone wrong and the cushioning was misplaced or perhaps it 's panaromic butt photography 🤔
i do n't mind killstreaks/scorestreaks that have some balance to them being able to evade them if you 're fast/smart enough .
on bo4 it 's the worst like snipers nest as an example .
the ai acts as aim-bots they do n't miss at all and tend to hover around spawn points and trap you .
genisis 3:4 '' suuuuuure eve sis ... try it it 's awesome i had a couple myself earlier on .
plus think about it if you do n't try it memes wo n't ever get a chance to be invented .
i was extremely sceptical before buying it because i thought it was just overhyped yeah i know stupid argument to make .
then i bought the game and i can see why it gets so much praise and is constantly reviewed with the line makes you feel like spider-man .
i know jonathan 's body awoke the hermit purple stand once stabbed though he was long dead by then so i would n't exactly call it his stand as much as dio 's .
which us media company is registered as entertainment not news ?
are all of the big news organizations in the us officially entertainment companies or is there one in particular ?
if we start doing reruns we 'll eventually end up at the bad expansions again and who the fuck wants that ?
if we could stop giving away possession so cheaply that would be great .
also why are we sending in cross after cross with no target man ?
cuz robot makers would get sued for all that stuff johnny5 accidentally destroyed
you think this is what 's going on with the op ?
he does n't want to engage in foreplay he wants to go straight to the thing that makes him feel the best .
he does n't seem to enjoy putting effort in to getting her off .
so what if this is just one side of the story .
i do n't always orgasm during sex but i do not go into sex thinking i do n't want to orgasm and with the feeling my partner does n't care about my pleasure and that i 'm ok with that .
this thing with op is a recipe for a dead bedroom .
feast by anissa helou is probably right up your alley .
bad halfs from both of them on the right side .
yes and more importantly he is not taking new steps .
no growth so need to get a better one .
you really nailed the early ken sugimori watercolor style !
nice to have some conspiracy whackjobs agreeing with your whackjob conspiracy .
i can find dozens of articles from known sources wtf is a zerohedge what a trash source saying the exact opposite of what you are .
op some temporary ordinations can be given almost immediately i think this is n't so uncommon in thailand whereas full ordination can take years and years to work toward in certain traditions .
if you mean single color connonkeys has this one link https cannonkeys.com/collections/frontpage/products/practice60-keyboard-kit
there are rooms you can reserve that have pianos do n't know the details though .
hey just a tip for a kenku player to another if you are a wizard make sure your dm is happy with how you can do verbal components for your spells .
for example i 'm a rogue/druid with a few light healing spells so my backstory includes an assassination of a high druidic character which i heard cast the spells before i killed him .
my dm said that was barely suitable though just be careful .
now that i 'm 6 months into my campaign this kenku character is my favourite oc by far .
so all in all good luck and i hope your campaign goes well !
we really are gon na win every game down to the wire like this lmao .
sure but this is n't even the first time this month is it ?
they get roasted for their stupidity '' regularly and they still keep doing the shit which probably means it 's working out just fine for them .
the suits do n't have to deal with any of this shit they just count their money while kael takes the heat and almost certainly does n't get paid nearly enough for it .
we all already trust facebook with wayyy too much .
i 'm ok with them shutting down hate groups .
yooooooooo nice dude she totally likes you heck yeah take her on a date now man u got this !
these are the first monti caps i 've kept so i 'm out of ideas lol
do n't you think that our already made and paid for nuclear arsenal commands the same control without the other ridiculous new toys ?
it 's an ordinary wifi transceiver plugged in via usb to a windows client from a company called cudy .
i 'd rather them draw a pointless red circle than cutaway to another angle
i mean with her legs up like that would n't her tail-bone/lower back be flattening his dick against his pelvis ?
even if what you walked in on was the worst thing that ever happened it still was completely inappropriate
as a single dad of a 7 year old girl this makes me super happy for the future .
the tank has a pair of thicc juicy thighs on him thats for sure .
why would a skeleton need a toilet or urinal if it just falls right through ?
could n't they just have a baby pool with pluming for them to stand over ?
i do n't know when it expires or if it even does once received .
this is a cheap 9 hole course on the winery so they are just protecting some of their land .
this edition of the sea games is quite messy in terms of handling the preparations for the games .
the organizers do n't listen to the public like they did in the logo and mascot including the marketing is shit .
allegations of corruption at mabagal ng pagaayos ng mga venues but at the same time rushing it when the event is almost around the corner .
i could go on and on about the mishaps that phisjoke has done .
but how can we the public support the games if they wo n't even bother to themselves to cooperate and listen ?
it 's just some bullshit that the heads of the organizers raising the budget just for the sake of kickbacks and personal gain can you imagine if this happens in the asian games or even the olympics which this kind of attitude cayetano ?
if the oca would witness this then do n't expect the hosting for the 2030 asiad will be in our hands .
yeah i do n't come to the front page much and now i remember why .
meanwhile the bipartisan monoparty just reinstituted the patriot act that uses the constitution as toilet paper .
i have n't felt this young when i was younger .
it 's like i 'm not carrying a human with me ... oh wait ...
i agree with the concept but our recent winners have been chris u got voted out early but not a goat imo nick w many peoples fav player wendell h him and dom were very strong ben d a 'big ' player and threat sarah l strategically played very well adam k didnt get a clean win but was very strategic .
also half of these players were accompaned by another big player nick/mike wendell/dom and sarah/brad .
so i dont think the game needs any adjusting at the moment at least in the direction you 're suggesting .
i myself am fine with self driving and would actually prefer it but i can understand why people would still be hesitant to the idea despite the fact studies show automated driving is safer due to eliminating a lot of the human error we see in car accidents .
even if studies say so it 's still important to understand these fears and concerns not toss them aside and dismiss them .
as much as the science statistics and facts is for vaccines i try my best to steer from the numbers and try to appeal to their emotions and ease them of fears so they will at least somewhat hear the pro-vaccine side of the story .
sanders pass catching role is just what darren sproles was supposed to be doing so he 's not interfering with ertz production .
plus sanders was not a good pass catcher in college and no one thought of him as a scatback during the draft so his current receiving pace is likely unsustainable .
if anything sproles being gone for good should help ertz and goedert long term .
goedert is probably a real threat but ertz is too established for me to worry about it .
he 's averaging 62 yards per game 2nd best of his career in a supposed down season despite goedert having an expanded role .
dk should have his gun and ammo from dk 64
sorry but we 're currently not allowing anyone with very low karma to participate in this sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sportsbetting if you have any questions or concerns .
... reminds me of aviation which is something i 've always loved .
do n't live in denial you 've literally contradicted yourself in the space of half a sentence .
at 15 seconds is that a 1947 model t54 holy shit
no thanks i already have a comp 5iv larvitar .
that 's not what happened according to the campaign .
this is a non-story being pushed by his political enemies .
read our resources in the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/config/sidebar or the extensive wiki https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/index
everyone is welcome in this community https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/about remember to be kind and assume good faith
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/skincareaddiction if you have any questions or concerns .
when i look at her all i see is a horrible person .
my friend introduced me to her through if you want to and i was immediately hooked .
i also really love i wish i was stephen malkmus cause it sounds so much like a pavement song .
personally i think a letter is a good way of organizing your thoughts and being clear about them .
why not just ask her if she 's ready to respond to you or if she needs more time ?
kids are n't learning how their government works anymore and the media is supporting their stupidity .
hi i 've practiced basic hygiene so i clearly have ocd
or the forcing teachers to accept innacurate information on tests as long as it is religiously based laws ?
it faded as the days have passed without the god .
when ever i hear a leak my smile comes back just a lil bit .
but it clearly is valued unless you think that women are just naturally celibate ?
i mean atleast their would be some good matches .
dallas — after he poked the ball away from mvp candidate luka doncic for a breakaway dunk wednesday night warriors guard ky bowman landed and without pausing for the slightest celebration matched up with doncic along the baseline .
this was a point of pride for bowman who seldom lets an interview pass without stressing his ability to pick up 94. the mantra which references the 94-foot length of an nba hardwood speaks to his willingness to do anything — even defend one of the league 's most dynamic scorers full-court — to prove he belongs .
unlike his seven available teammates bowman 's nba deal does n't last through the season .
as one of the warriors ' two two-way-contract players he is only allotted 45 days with golden state a limit he is almost halfway to reaching after just 16 games .
but regardless of whether the warriors convert bowman 's deal into a standard minimum contract and keep him from heading to their g league affiliate in santa cruz he will be thankful for the opportunity his two-way status has provided .
like many fringe players bowman recognizes that to carve out a long-term nba role he needs only to impress one team .
if he continues to show he can run an offense this season bowman could enter free agency next summer with plenty of suitors .
a number of former two-way-contract players who now boast standard nba contracts including lakers guard quinn cook heat forward duncan robinson and magic forward amile jefferson offer bowman and golden state 's other two-way-contract player guard damion lee blueprints for a more stable future .
i think the two-way contracts are great warriors head coach steve kerr said .
it 's a really good opportunity for young players to develop and it 's a great opportunity for the teams to be able to evaluate talent better than they otherwise would .
two-way contracts were introduced two seasons ago to offer professional basketball 's striving class the precise break that bowman has found with the warriors .
instead of using the g league solely to develop 15-man-roster players and call up nba hopefuls a team can evaluate two players each season up close as they bounce between the big club and its minor-league affiliate .
cook who was waived four times and signed three 10-day contracts before latching on with the warriors in october 2017 has become the standard-bearer for anyone trying to parlay a two-way deal into a regular nba role .
with stephen curry sidelined for 16 of the final 17 regular-season games of 2017-18 with various injuries cook thrived enough as golden state 's fill-in starter to get his two-way contract converted into a standard nba deal .
in his second full-time season he is averaging 5.2 points in 14.6 minutes per game for a lakers team expected to contend for a title .
the warriors ' other two-way contract player from 2017-18 forward chris boucher is now backing up pascal siakam and marc gasol in toronto .
but for each two-way success story there are multiple players who yo-yoed between an nba club and its g league affiliate for a season only to have to pursue their goals elsewhere or on another two-way deal .
the logistics are the toughest part of it for these guys golden state player-development coach luke loucks said .
you 're back and forth constantly and you never really know when the call is coming .
a lot of times with two-ways the biggest thing is staying motivated and taking care of your business in santa cruz or whatever g league team you 're with.
lee who shot 39.7 from 3-point range in limited time with golden state last season returned to the warriors on a two-way deal after he fielded no guaranteed offers in free agency .
before he broke his right hand in a nov. 11 loss to utah lee had emerged as a valued rotation player for an injury-depleted team .
to help their two-way-contract players navigate life on two teams the warriors were one of the first nba franchises to hire a two-way coach .
loucks held that position for two seasons before he got promoted last summer .
seth cooper who left an assistant-coaching position at illinois-chicago to replace loucks now helps bowman handle the starting point-guard job with curry left hand surgery and d'angelo russell sprained right thumb sidelined .
considered an undersized shooting guard at boston college bowman has made strides as a facilitator learning how to read nba defenses and find the open man .
but 21 days into his 45-day limit his biggest assets are his scoring ability and defense .
on four occasions bowman has reached the 16-point mark .
his defensive rating of 112 ranks among the warriors ' best .
in the team-provided hotel room he calls home bowman keeps a few packed suitcases next to his bed prepared for a trip to santa cruz or another nba flight .
but as the only healthy point guard on golden state 's roster he figures to keep picking up 94 feet against the world 's best for a while .
it 's just a mind-set bowman who will guard utah 's mike conley on friday night in salt lake city said of defending full-court .
i know that it 'll help me stay on the court so it 's just showing that i can get guys out of their plays.
why did harden give that up to westbrook for the last shot tf
the point was n't so much about who published the book but that it 's sold at deseret book .
if your book is safe enough to be sold by deseret book you 're hardly risking your reputation and church membership by publishing it .
i love the show but let 's be real here the lone wolf western aesthetic where the protagonist takes on a cute sidekick has been done a billion times .
it 's new for star wars yes but this is absolutely a cliche .
well-done cliches can be some of the greatest films ever made .
and it has n't been done in awhile so it feels fresh .
but it 's not breaking any new cinematic ground .
what 's that 1-2 jews in every country marked with the blackest color ?
the t handles and shafts ca n't stand up to the torque that my arm can deliver so for really stubborn screws i 'm better off just going to an impact .
and for the record many traditional screwdrivers come equipped with a hexagonal profile somewhere in the grip so you can put a wrench on it to similar effect without having to buy a whole new set of t handled drivers .
gaming laptops are a big no for me and i would not recommend them for students .
they are big and noisy and that is n't even the biggest issue .
you got ta carry that extra stuff around and the battery is nonexistent so also need to carry around charger at all times and then keep it plugged in .
just do yourselves a favor and buy a laptop that is portable and has a good battery .
you do not want to lug around massive chargers and laptops all while needing to plug it in continuously .
if you liked ghost recon wildlands or metal gear solid 5 i would recommend breakpoint .
they are likely going to patch out the tiered loot system since the community for that game is begging for it .
i personally enjoy breakpoint but there are a lot of annoying aspects to it .
can you double check what 's inside next thing you know a cute demon loli is hiding inside
it 's like watching game of thrones and following a few main characters who are doing different things than the rest
but these locks are usally of lower quality are too easy to pick .
right now i need a lock that has slightly better quality than transparent locks .
2m away from gutter so you are not side swiped and also helps avoid debris on roadside
ride 1 open car door length away when passing parked vehicles
take the centre part of the lane always at pinch points such as filter lanes
red blinking rear light always on even during daylight .
learn to pace slow down or speed up so you are not caught between 2 vehicles when turning
just because they 're active like defense lawyers does n't mean that is what they 're supposed to do .
also the sun is much closer and smaller thus it only illuminates half the planet at once .
the sun and moon both move the earth is stationary
do you guys ... not use factual reporting or something ?
by this https casino.guru/overcoming-problem-gambling you should after rebuild stage access growth stage .
so you found out that you have a problem now find new activities accept yourself work on improving relationships .
in 3rd stage you are able to face your problems and start to understand people and yourself better and overall become a stronger person who can face many obstacles that life brings .
probs to you you found out that something is wrong and admitted it to yourself which is probably the worst part .
imo you are way too much of a cynic dude .
i do n't wan na extend myself and get too emotional but i started to watch the office in my teenage years i 'm almost 27 now .
they always managed to put a smile on my face .
from that moment i always returned to the show .
i 've seen another series but the office is the one for me .
they are my family my friends those wild weird aunts and uncles that make me feel better .
in the last six seven years maybe i 've going through some difficult moments but there were always with me .
maybe you have heard this before but take your time .
go back to the things that make you feel yourself .
i send you a big virtual hug and an air hi-five like the ones between p j .
the kkk has an entirely stupid set of greetings handshakes and symbols .
i say that like it is some surprise that racist cowards who play dressup have stupid ideas and practices .
i 'm just pretty sure you 're not supposed to splice in half a kid and half a fire pit into the center of the pic on top of some guy 's legs
thanks for not coming at me like a douche .
i think i understand what you 're saying and hope you 're right !
i caught it at 99800 mile sorry my hands are so shaky .
true you do n't need a newer car but i 'd argue you need more than a nissan versa for someone who enjoys driving .
that 's like someone saying they love listening to music but do all their listening through a 20 cassette player from walmart .
i also have a mon i need to trade for evolution im in 6109
maybe they did n't know the slim 6 does n't have avo ?
mod note task idea requests are a very very frequently asked question and belong in the weekly stickied thread .
do you have the power plugged into your video card ?
it 's not outputting anything when i do that .
beta means the game is complete and being tested .
a hobby i really want to support and give back to my school .
i want to become a veterinarian having pageants and other stuff in my application will more likely give me a good scholarship .
well when the end times are just around the corner it wo n't matter if they can witness to anyone .
yeah guess that could work i just get so impatient and always want to jump into a game haha .
maybe i should do free play for a good 2 hours or so
i visited porto on christmas day when most of the restaurants and shops were closed but those that remained opened gave me a great outlook on local cuisine . ''
i honestly do n't know what you 're referring to with eli ?
when has he ever had teammates shit on him anonymously or otherwise ?
and as already pointed out the other two have been confirmed to have some fire under all the smoke so i 'm not sure those are great examples for wentz .
i do n't think it was too difficult once i learned trusting the pattern xd
i do have gigabit so i do stream a lot of movies and other content still .
for my favourite movies or movies im really excited about though i do prefer to buy the 4k 's to get the full experience .
honestly maybe its just because im not use to it but i didnt really feel like the r41m 's were realy lacking in bass and that the center channel may have added more initially .
my goal for now is just a 3.1 setup .
finally someone who has same thoughts as i do .
you fucked up by not going for her to begin with .
but you need to seriously re evaluate what you think about women and their feelings .
i was disgusted when i got to the part where you tried to hook up with her again and she rejected you .
i know that was a lie because she 's so horny is a sick way to think about her .
she can say no to you anytime for any reason and does not have to give a reason at all .
you and emma are not together so your friend did n't get in the way because there was nothing to get in the way of .
searching for a bf on reddit is n't very clever at all
this by far was my favorite part of the game .
strap one on and i 'll bend over for you 😘
wearing shoes that do n't jive with the rest of the outfit like purely functional athletic shoes with tailoring dress pants and a sportcoat for example .
there 's ways this can be done intentionally and fashionably so it 's a bit of a know it when you see it '' situation .
we want to ensure everyone gets feedback and contributions in their project posts .
therefore please remember to participate in a couple of other recent submissions each time you post .
give to others when you want something in return .
please select flair for your post indicating the help you seek most at the moment .
look for the 'flair ' option below the title of your post .
once your project is complete change the flair to finished '' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/musicinthemaking if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah like you said there is no good way to do this reliably the reason why it does n't report 16 is because it reports the highest number it could find which is 256 .
you can use one of the basic 16 colors if you have 256 colors available .
if you open an issue with details of your terminal i 'd love to give it a go to handle your case .
thank you for correcting me and yeah brave micaiah is a very good option for a mage .
i picked her in cyl3 and she has proven to be really good .
also do n't get confused when you watch because george lucas went back and changed the movies and added some cgi 😂
up in new hampshire in the states there is a very stringent safety and emissions testing in order to drive your car on the roads .
very similar to the mot that you guys have .
even so much as a small crack in the windshield such as a bullseye or star crack will fail safety inspection .
i do n't understand what are you taking about .
you define words like when i say god '' i mean three headed lord of the seas '' but if something already exists you ca n't say i define reddit as somethinh ' because reddit is something with or without your definitions .
now you can have concepts like internet site '' and the description of reddit may or may not fall under definition of that concept .
to say how you define ... is really to say what do you mean when you say ... and i 'm pretty sure it 's not up to you what the word reddit means .
maybe a crazy cat lady did you see any signs yarn in hair smells like cats/cat food maybe a cat napping in her car ?
loved our last session would love to play more 😇
this could be the best reddit comment i 've ever read .
i 'll leave it like this and we are playing on tuesday cant wait ...
it 's a 3 mana three cards which is strong until you consider that there are random and two of them are for other classes .
it 's very flexible and can add some diversity to a paladin deck while not being too strong due to the fact that it is non-synergistic cards .
the warrant was served on google for data he voluntarily handed over .
how does this not get dismissed for lack of standing ?
edit lots of down votes but not a single person has yet explained why the third party doctrine would not apply .
edit 2 this would be a jus tertii exception for the exclusionary rule .
it looks like the supreme court created a narrow one in singleton v. wulff for scenarios where standing arises if the person bringing a case to assert the rights of a third party has a close relationship with that third party and the third party has obstacles preventing it from suing on its own behalf . ''
that would not appear to be the case here .
he rejected an invite according to take probably wants to rest a bit during the off-season !
thank you ... i 'm a little bummed at the negativity tbh .
or to put it another way are there any mid-to-high complexity games with mid-to-low counter density ?
going out to ikea with the wife today and wore some black and burgundy and decided to snap a pic of the sinn .
i freaking love how comfy it is how it fits with every outfit i have how it 's an absolute strap monster this is a value beast .
next year i 'm planning to pick up either an omega fois or a sinn 103 along with possibly a cw diver but i ca n't see any scenario where this wo n't still get a lot of wear week-in week-out .
yeah dunno the story behind naming her kid heather spelled backwards .
they 'd do the same thing if biden picked a poc as vp ... or someone who 's lgbtq as vp
if he picked a straight white male candidate as his running mate they 'd excoriate him for not picking someone who 's a woman a poc or lgbtq .
you ca n't win with these people if you 're not bernie and if you are bernie you ca n't lose .
everything everyone else does is wicked and awful or wicked because it 's insincere and calculated .
everything bernie does is pure and golden and emanating from his pure golden heart .
given this is a bucs game we should put together a good first drive then slowly fall apart as the game progresses
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
i 'm seeing way too many stores selling reps for 150 or more depending on popularity .
i know i can find them for cheaper than that so i never bite the bullet like that .
most i 've ever spent was 130 and i regret that because they were n't even that good .
he had both hands on it and it just went through .
we 've had a lot of games where the lakers have played down to their competition .
it 's kind of a miracle that we have n't already
it 's green with envy of other peoples money hence all the socialist posts .
that 's an extreme edge case that does n't apply everywhere .
calgary is an extremely philanthropic city that loves donating and volunteering to good causes .
just because you have issues does n't mean everywhere does .
i 've been giving him his favorite food although he does n't really have an appitite .
he 's sleeping alot so i 'm trying to make him as comfortable as possible .
stretching in csgo and fortnite is identical on 16:9 monitors .
it reduces horizontal fov because you 're playing on a more squared aspect ratio and that 's exactly how it should be .
i 'm kinda in the same boat as you .
i have a rift dk2 and want to upgrade now .
after looking at everything i think i 'm going to get a rift s next week when there 's black friday sales .
the quest needs a bit more processing power to run and i only have a 1060 in my computer which apparently is n't enough to run a quest but can do the rift s .
wireless vr sounds great but being tied to the oculus store for purchasing the games does n't sound too good especially when all of the games i want to play are on steam anyway .
did you know that if the bot is down you can still attack posts every hour ?
good luck doing that when machining and selling of 80 lowers is banned .
and i totally snooped thru your post history and omg you 're so damn cute !
i do n't expect it to be difficult to get the credits before graduation if you do more than the bare minimum for the degree and take classes over the summer .
pcos the reason i have knuckle hair and a period twice a year .
i hope you 're right too but would n't be shocked if you were wrong .
a doctor with an ego keeps to himself objectifies women probably to feel powerful then justifies it because he 's a professional '' .. yeah that 's my verdict .
nta and your dad is not being a good business man just because this guy is a frequent customer .
only a few more weeks until their turn on the bonus structure rotation .
same here lmao i just saw that and was like bruh .
i can make it to the boss door and i know where solaire is
third person action game with the focus on doing combos and getting high scores .
devil may cry bayonetta and metal gear rising for example
wait who is the other character and from what series ?
i 'm sure this ca n't be healthy for the tree right ?
i 'm an economically progressive atheist this post is awesome .
in the letter to the ephesians st. paul speaks of the church as a bride
christ loved the church and gave himself up for her that he might sanctify her having cleansed her by the washing of water with the word that he might present the church to himself in splendor without spot or wrinkle or any such thing that she might be holy and without blemish .
in the revelation of john we hear the church described as the new jerusalem thus
then i saw a new heaven and a new earth for the first heaven and the first earth had passed away and the sea was no more .
and i saw the holy city new jerusalem coming down out of heaven from god prepared as a bride adorned for her husband and i heard a great voice from the throne saying behold the dwelling of god is with men . ''
... one of the seven angels ... spoke to me saying come i will show you the bride the wife of the lamb. and in the spirit he carried me away to a great high mountain and showed me the holy city jerusalem coming down out of heaven from god having the glory of god its radiance like a most rare jewel like a jasper clear as crystal .
st. paul in his letter to the ephesians again emphasizes the organic nature of the church
you are no longer strangers and sojourners but you are fellow citizens with the saints and members of the household of god built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets christ jesus himself being the cornerstone in whom the whole structure is joined together and grows into a holy temple in the lord in whom you also are built into it for a dwelling place of god in the spirit .
he is before all things and in him all things hold together .
he is the head of the body the church .
and of course the famous one body '' bit of the first letter to the corinthians
for just as the body is one and has many members and all the members of the body though many are one body so it is with christ ... for the body does not consist of one member but of many .
... god has so adjusted the body giving the greater honor to the inferior part that there may be no discord in the body but that the members may have the same care for one another .
if one member suffers all suffer together if one member is honored all rejoice together .
now you are the body of christ and individually members of it .
in the letter to the galatians st. paul discusses the allegorical meaning of the story of abraham the slave-woman hagar and his wife sarah .
now this is an allegory these women are two covenants .
one is from mount sinai bearing children for slavery she is hagar .
now hagar is mount sinai in arabia she corresponds to the present jerusalem for she is in slavery with her children .
but the jerusalem above is free and she is our mother .
rejoice o barren one that dost not bear break forth and shout thou who art not in travail for the desolate hath more children than she who hath a husband.
we understand the holy church to be the bride of christ and also our mother .
she received the deposit of faith from her divine spouse and she from this she gives birth to the children of god by propagating the gospel and baptizing us into new life .
when christ came it was the time of the fullness of the grace of christ whereby the worship of god was spread abroad among all nations by a spiritual propagation ... as opposed to the old covenant before christ 's coming when the worship of god was spread and safeguarded by a carnal propagation .
we catholics affectionately call the bride of christ by the title sancta mater ecclesia holy mother church .
catholic answers has an essay explaining this title https www.catholic.com/magazine/print-edition/the-wisdom-of-mother-church .
she gives us birth in the spirit through the waters of baptism spiritually nourishes us by teaching us the faith raises us to maturity in the spiritual life .
the collective people of god has always been seen as a female spouse of god and mother of god 's people .
christ expresses this sentiment when he laments over the wayward jerusalem which he has come to redeem and transform into the church
o jerusalem jerusalem killing the prophets and stoning those who are sent to you !
how often would i have gathered your children together as a hen gathers her brood under her wings and you would not ! ''
how like a widow has she become she that was great among the nations !
she that was a princess among the cities has become a vassal .
in an 1859 encyclical from pope pius ix cum sancta mater you can get a taste for the flavor with which we talk about the church
holy mother the church the pillar and bulwark of truth '' has always used sacred scripture in her task of imparting heavenly salvation to men .
she has always defended it too from every sort of false interpretation ...
it is a source of great joy that there are found today to meet the needs of our times faithful sons of the church in great numbers who are experts in biblical matters .
they are following the exhortations of the supreme pontiffs and are dedicating themselves wholeheartedly and untiringly to this serious and arduous task .
let all the other sons of the church bear in mind that the efforts of these resolute laborers in the vineyard of the lord are to be judged not only with equity and justice but also with the greatest charity . ''
killing or murder means the exact same thing to me if the only problem you have with my argument is the semantics then that 's fine
now that you mention it when he 's throwing out his winning punches world level matches they never show his right eye
but i rather not give this much thought into this eye problem
no advocating violence brigading bigotry trolling or being a dick to other people here .
see the sidebar for the full version of the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/the_mueller if you have any questions or concerns .
not that age has anything to do with it .
sports fans are always most critical of their own team .
it comes from a place of love not hate .
never tell someone they are any less of a fan just because they do n't like the prequels .
they 've been panned and laughed at since release .
i 'm glad i 'm wrong then the game is infinitely more interesting when the competition is close .
not off the top of my head that i can remember
it 's because the people that are in the middle ground do n't want to say anything they do n't really need to since.. well they do n't fully agree with neither sides
he has videos set in his million dollar mansion what about that makes him seem poor ?
because angry goku or ll goku is so hard to write .
towards the end of the koeman years all i read was the german owners had found the key to sustaining mid table all they had to do was start retaining their talents to break into europe .
hassenhutl looked above average last season is it the squad ?
shit this is really expensive but i think your flower cost more because u need more heart to plant in garden
is this an android 10 issue or oneplus issue ?
not like they 'd be bundling in anything actually good so add 20 tops .
getting revenge on all of those who told you not to share your yummy bod with strangers ?
i will agree the non profit '' label is often a bad joke .
if the government said we give you money but only x amount the schools would cut tuition en masse
that 's good i hope he does n't get sick !
out of towners and those of us who ca n't make it to sj locally .
im not in on this one but i was in previously .
i lived in pitt for 5 years cranberry and am now here for school .
i ca n't talk about any major related stuff since i 'm cs but i 've found that i love the city of slc i love the outdoors and i 've made some super good friends .
i will say the social scene here is much different from that of say penn state or ohio state there are no lawn parties by student housing there is really only house parties of people you know which i do n't mind at all .
everyone i 've met has been extremely nice and you can find people who wan na be friends if you just talk to others .
dm me if you have specific questions it 's rare i get another yinzer wanting to come lol
i have that skin for her in my opinion it 's better than all her legendaries combined
usually on k if it isnt about guns in themselves it gets wiped .
wishiwashi has done nothing but die in my raids .
it 's so frail and slow i 've only ever seen it survive raids where i also had a cle-follow me to permit it to not get one shorted each time it regens .
try to steer the thing away from human population as quickly as possible and when you think you 're sure that the place you steered it to is safe to crash eject .
same happened here after the bird hit one engine flamed out and other caught fire .
pilots diverted it to an open field and ejected .
the plane crashed exactly where they intended it to .
one was almost completely fine while the other had a minor fracture .
lot 's of young and talented men have lost their lives trying to save humans on ground from 20ton fireballs .
true but i doubt a first time linux user is going to use vmware .
i can only reply based on my own experience which may come across as lacking and self-pitying but i 'll draw from it to argue that you should try to appreciate what you have .
without getting into specifics i 've gotten myself into a tough situation lasting four years and counting now in which i 'm unable to date or pursue marriage for a while yet .
the best '' i could manage if you could even call it good has been several brief flings with long dry spells between .
i work twelve hours a day and come home to an empty apartment make myself dinner and continue working until i 'm ready for bed .
i would give almost anything for the kind of wife you 've said you have a devoted and giving woman .
your wife is committed to you and your marriage while many of us have to go it alone .
please do n't act on impulse and hurt her .
some people just did n't give a fuck because they did n't have to .
edit one of you who downvoted explain what was n't true .
bb doesnt charge aw gps.they said if its only cellular lte
van hated brown eyed girl because he had to play it all day every day and no one cared about the rest of his music .
it was this one sort of bubblegum pop folk song in a very serious artistic catalog .
he was such a visionary artist but for so long people only knew him as the guy who wrote brown eyed girl .
imagine being as good a songwriter as him and no one knows .
imagine getting up on stage and playing visions of johanna and halfway through everyone starts screaming play that brown eyed girl song ! ''
one of my favorite van morrison stories goes that one of the session musicians i want to say the flautist on astral weeks did n't even realize van morrison was the guy who wrote brown eyed girl until they were halfway through recording the album .
who 's the next home team at the final ?
haha no i did see that cabin tho it was the encounter where you can help a guy hunt so i did and the grizzly rushed me instead of him haha
careful that 's a slippery slope to a fulfilling lifelong relationship which is super gay .
indeed i 've also been very curious about the mdec perhaps my least understood component of the psx and i 'm looking forward to looking over the mdec document .
idk man as a fugazi fan i think rites of spring is some of the most cleverly written hardcore out there
i think that advice from women is one source of info and advice from men is another source .
reddit has this whole women do n't know anything about dating women '' attitude and they are n't necessarily wrong but let 's be real here a lot of redditors also do n't know anything about dating women .
of course i 've played the old jedi knight games .
academy is one of my favorite games of all time .
fallen order can be worse than those games and still the best star wars game we 've gotten in over a decade .
it 's a fun game just because it 's lacking does n't make it bad .
they always lose their shit when you call them a snowflake after they 've called you that lol
strobe by deadmau5 or maybe bohemian rhapsody by queen .
monster hunter '' is an odd name for a cat ...
oh shit you like to smoke the blunt through the bong too ?
i have a new question loll.. do you know they answer ?
they 've tried to nurture into adulthood and it did n't work .
they gave you a choice of therapy and you declined .
guess you better start giving them money since that 's the decision you 've made .
this submission has been removed as your elaboration was less than 160 characters roughly two or three standard sized sentences .
if you wish to resubmit the post make sure you include an elaboration/explanation to your post that is has more content .
please read rule 1 correct formatting and rule 6 elaborate and the rest of them while you 're at it .
note that reddit 's character count is unreliable as they count spaces whereas i 'm programmed to not count spaces and there 's nothing the mods can do about it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
it 'd be nice if most npc bases had silos and relied upon them to power guns shields and vehicle pads .
have a similar co-worker who 's been with the company 16 years .
most of the questions i ask i 've been pretty unimpressed with his answers because they demonstrate a lack of understanding of many fundamental underlying concepts .
but other co-workers treat him as a fountain of knowledge just because he has some familiarity with the older equipment and acts confident .
oh shoot you know what that 's an oversight on my part .
cecil remained in england it was indeed leonard calvert that was overseeing the colony and exercising proprietary rights in the 1640s .
we talk about everything and she was recently hospitalized for depression so we are trying to navigate all of this stuff as best we can .
she just thinks it will never happen to her .
mine is named nero and he 's a fickle cranky guy .
well not so much cranky with me he demands attention constantly 'but otherwise he 's kind of a brat .
i named him that because of the roman emperor nero and also because nero means black in italian he 's a solid black syrian .
atropos has a great name and a lovely set up
i know it 's a very common language on the sub continent but it 's still very impressive
as rational thinking beings we should point our moral compass to monogamy as a way to bring stability to families and society .
we see how the family unit has broken down because of our poor moral and social choices which has led to high crime rates fatherless homes etc .
no i feel like an ass because i was too scared to take sides .
i 've been under so much stress about it a blood vessel in my eye literally blew
a lot of people i meet say i 'm very smart because of my vocabulary .
inmining is a very potential project i like your idea hopefully we will have a new breakthrough .
i would have recommended against the aplc best of luck to you .
i hope you walk in on your parents having sex on your bed and the image sticks to the inside of your eyelids
something you wan na get off your chest bud ?
that 's awesome i ca n't wait to try these
not so sure about that we have the mod.1 witch is an amazing tank for 5k gold and same with the chief t95
i 've tried it i found it extremely uncomfortable .
if i was having mobility issues that i was trying address with rg bench i would probably just buy a rackable swiss bar and use a neutral or nearly neutral grip instead .
just play what you like to playif you have fun and enjoying playing them just play them and have fun do n't care about other peoples
you will be banned immediately if you delete this post u/thelandkraken .
if you receive a pizza log the gift using the bot https www.reddit.com/r/random_acts_of_pizza/wiki/howto_bot and post a separate thanks with a verification photo https www.reddit.com/r/random_acts_of_pizza/wiki/howto_verification including a handwritten note with raop '' todays date and your username .
if you no longer need pizza and did not receive one comment closed to set your request status to no longer needed '' .
edit the post immediately if you did n't include this information .
please refer to the pizza library https www.reddit.com/r/random_acts_of_pizza/wiki/index for more information good luck with your request !
make sure the request is more than a few minutes old there can be delays in the filtering process .
wait for giversbot to comment on the post then refresh and make sure it was n't removed .
click here to start a private conversation https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=thelandkraken agree on your terms .
please read how scammers operate https www.reddit.com/r/random_acts_of_pizza/wiki/scammers before you engage in transactions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/random_acts_of_pizza if you have any questions or concerns .
so you do n't understand the meaning of the word terrorism .
treatment how about other religious followers like of the jewish or muslim faith or is just because they 're a socially acceptable target to you raise the concern ?
some memes i make some i repost some i find off of google .
oh shit the tension in that movie and evil patrick stewart ?
13 hours later and no reply despite him commenting in other subreddits .
yeah it kind of makes me want to throw up that i might have lost fat around my eyeballs lol
pretty sure that was a '' breakfast club '' reference ?
but now you want to interject onto his new relationship ?
i think andy was wrong to call it homophobic but it was assholish .
thnx i am sure that boy will love your company
it was used in the us too but you 'd have to have been born in the 1930s or earlier to have been named that as it fell out of use around that time .
it was designed with the idea of partisan ideologies in mind ...
surprise 200 years has changed a lot of things .
yet it 's taken an orange lunatic humiliating the us on a daily basis to finally get at least some of the politicians to come to terms with the fact that a voting system from an age where the fastest method of communication was horseback based on a 2 millennia old and failed voting republic getting used in the era of information is not a voting system that ever ends well .
with any luck enough people will admit there 's a problem that we 'll actually hear about reformation and a potential long overdue change for the better to the american system .
women do n't use drawings of hotter fictional women as their profile pics .
get a big ass club and maybe a shield .
with the amount of poise everything has it seems like the game was built around it .
really good guide but i feel like i lose most matchups .
luckily i win most games by just ulting and tping botlane 24/7 .
but i wan na have a lane impact also .
you have to download the game and the mod respectively .
i suppose you already downloaded the game btw you can also use this mod on cs with plus porter .
for the mod download and info check hayden studios ' post https www.cavestory.org/forums/threads/cave-story-with-a-fourth-ending.3832
im still stuck on that part of the sturm quest to pick up an exotic engram
there 's been shit like this throughout all of dota morph+shaker is no special exception to the broken shit we 've all seen .
unless they pull a fast one on us half way through the game .
note that without examining all of your skin it is difficult to know whether this is normal or fulfills the ugly duckling sign . ''
moreover most people who post on this site do not use high resolution macro lenses or dermatoscopic photography .
so are you in favor of buttigieg or yang ?
pete sounds and behaves like a robot and something always feels off '' and disingenuous about him .
yang has some very fringe ideas and pretty much no recognition .
the odds of him getting the nomination are slim to none .
i as a totally lesbianic woman love lesbianing with other women who are lesbiric .
i hung out with a friend of the opposite sex after school and everyone looked at us so weirdly
even if his play has dropped off bobby three brings too much to the quarterback room right now and hes worth his salary just in that considering how young the other two are .
by all accounts hes been a great mentor and team mate
and you have every right to feel the way you do about the situation .
your son is 2 he does n't deserve a man like that as a father and when he is old enough he will understand why you made the decision you did .
i 'm sorry this has happened and that it has happened so early into the marriage .
but other commenters are right he 's only upset he 's gotten caught .
i have faith that you will make the wisest decision based upon your situation for the both of you .
please do take care of yourself during this time as well even taking 30 mins out of a busy week to sit and have a slice of cake or a coffee will make a difference .
seems fitting for aqua recently becoming a cpu goddess and enabler .
you actual went to go and get money for a stranger with a carling can in her hand ... .
no i said i 'd buy her a taxi but i had to go inside anyway .
yesterday i took 2mg and i 've only pooped once today with no abdominal discomfort whatsoever but other times i take 2mg and 24 hours later it 's completely worn off .
it takes 4-5 hours to start working for me so it 's difficult to work out how much to take .
thats a very narrow way of looking at genre .
a bunch of the nazi killed people during the war .
ironman is not a superhero movie because he doesnt have superpowers ?
i dont understand y packs can be loaded for mobile but not touch on ipad ?
it 's good and really enjoyable but i 'd definitely not put on par with the top tiers i.e .
why do n't we meet in the middle and just saying everyones an ah here because that 's the cold hard truth .
op was not looking out for her coworkers best interest she was being petty and still hung up on her past relationship .
that being said she was not being homophobic and andy should apologize forgoing to hr .
sometimes i feel like hrt has reversed some of the aging in me a bit
i lost my baby at 12 weeks and i know how painful it is .
all i can say is that the pain will ease but the memory will always be with you .
if your wife is like me she will need to talk about this from time to time in the years to come so remember to listen .
and i want to give you a song to listen to but maybe wait a week or to .
it 's in swedish but the english translation is on the right .
if you are wearing platemail painted to look like a turtle a dragon wo n't eat you .
vapor contains many many times more active cannabinoids than combustion smoke and certainly does not absorb instantly everything you see on exhale was not absorbed .
in 2005 this was proven with the volcano vaporizer that on average over 50 of thc is lost on exhale you can extrapolate even higher loss for concentrates .
imagine using a natural disaster as an excuse to shit on another generation
sure just wait for a girl to tell you that you look like her dead boyfriend .
of minimum wage and i do n't even want to find out how much would it cost to import the index .
likely about a year 's worth of minimum wage .
most american accents are pretty bland but the appalachian dialects of american english aka hillbilly speak and aave ebonics are actually very interesting from a linguistic point of view .
this was practically every teacher i ever had when it came to learning about wwii .
every single teacher said oh but you 've been over that already . ''
visiting the holocaust memorial museum in dc once in 8th grade and watching an hour long video about the holocaust in class does not count as having completely covered wwii .
i did n't have a teacher actually take the time to really educate us about it until my senior year in high school .
until then i did what i could to learn about it by picking up a few books and reading about it online .
yeah this guy has the right idea youre just on the wrong subs
what the fuck is this gay ass potato bullshit that is 100 google translated
just finished his eisenhorn series i am now immediately jumping into ghosts .
i just need to find a nice set i like the series to have similar backings .
while the 20th anniversary of first and only is super cool i ca n't have that 2 non anniversary spines .
for tradings pokemon exchanges raid battles online with other people or wathever you need in a chat visit our discord
or go to the trading thread on this sub trading masterpost https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonswordandshield/comments/dwvf0f/trading_and_exchange_pokemon_sword_shield_versions
megapost with all the guides tricks tips and secrets .
map with all raids in the wild area https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonswordandshield/comments/dydc3y/here_is_a_map_of_the_wild_area_with_all_raid_den
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemonswordandshield if you have any questions or concerns .
pretty much any photo no matter how abstract and nonsensical that you 've seen in reddit with several dark colored objects surrounding one light colored object suddenly makes sense now eh ?
one such thing would be helped by some sort of manpower mode .
we 've got pops would it not be unreasonable to require a certain amount of pop in military roles to support a certain number of of armies .
if nothing else needing to actually pacify planets to take them in a war would be good too .
that could make fortifying strategic planets actually worth a damn .
i think ji and ag should switch roles on offense ag is much better off ball and ji is much better on ball .
ag is a good passer though which is worth mentioning .
this sub is devolving when topless women use it to seek attention .
mirrored post https echo-the-catdog.tumblr.com/post/172024886233/the-crown-so-close-i-can-taste-it-i-see-whats from the tumblr blog ⭐elf rights⭐ http echo-the-catdog.tumblr.com ''
see i think that s1 was amazing when it focused on fallon and blake 's rivalry .
i do n't understand why they thought cw would be a good choice for a serious drama ?
man i agree but daybreak wants us to grind so hard but imo getting certs is wayyyyy easier now
law enforcement officers would probably start using 3 round burst semiautomatic airsoft rifles against unarmored assailants .
they would still need a service pistol for people with armor though .
also tasers would become much more scary because they have the potential to rapidly deliver 10 minor electrical shocks .
dam ! even a computer would shut tou down or turn you on .
all i want is the lighting fixed on the ka-50 so i can easily see what state the autopilot is in .
wet dreams are usually the body getting rid of old sperm .
i actually also had one tonight and i remember thinking ah shit i just lost nnn . ''
plex has the option to download any subtitles that are available .
you just download the ones you want to use at the time .
they 're very small text files so you could download them all and it 'd be pretty negligible in size .
oh my bad did n't realise the rules stated ‘no useless information ' .
if owning a weapon requires shittons of papers and legalising why does having an actual killing machine that you ca n't operate or consciously use can run in the wild ?
i 've only done one gmax raid and i joined somebody .
i am so damn enlightened that i do n't even have excel on my computer .
guess who uploads everything up drive then copies it back down .
i do n't know nor do i think we need such a classification .
i ca n't tell you what it is sadly but ...
about 4 years ago i was half asleep while on youtube and accidentally typed something in while holding my phone .
it was some random video labeled something gibberish like gbhx dc or something .
it was the most disturbing 15 seconds of my life .
it was a bunch of unnerving images most black and white and sounds that i could n't replicate if i tried .
i have n't turned my lights on for something in a long time .
i ca n't find that video no matter how hard i try anymore .
pregnant women who are in the presence of the eclipse could cause their baby to have facial deformities or birth marks . ''
i roll my eyes so hard every time i hear it .
records 412 without crashing exploit the traps i got to round 217 with 3 of my buddy 's 2 guys sat in one side of the map with the electric door and me and my guy tyson trained zombies by the wheel spiny thingy
i had a realization soon after my nieces were born that i am in fact the quirky weird aunt .
the oddball always up for adventure house full of books and magic stuff and some cats .
do n't ask a mod why you were banned if you do n't want them to block you !
time to craft the freshest gucci out from it 's hide .
i only have about 2 feet but that 's a different kind of water weight i do n't need showing up on my scale !
and g2 fans will brag about eu winning so they can ignore the fact that g2 ca n't win anything anymore
your submission has been removed because the story is less than 500 words .
please read the rules in the sidebar or send us a modmail if you are unsure .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/shortstories if you have any questions or concerns .
this isnt even a meme but who gives a shit
but as of lately theres been soooooo many bugs with this game
so all i did was download wifi analyzer android app which will show you the channels of all the wifi networks your phone is picking up .
then you need to go into your router settings and there is usually a wifi tab where you can set the name of the network password and it 'll let you pick channels just choose one that is least crowded .
indulgent tormentor 5 mana 5 power flyer in black at uncommon with upside .
feaster of fools 6 mana with a cost reduction mechanic 3 power but potentially more and very easily 5 power flyer at uncommon .
not every colour needs every style of card that 's what the colour pie is for .
black does n't need a big flyer because it can just kill opposing flyers .
at least they kicked him out of the admiralty .
but how do you know are you ex commonwealth ?
what do you prefer what is your current main gripstyle handsize .
to answer your question personally i 'd go for the air58 because its bigger and fills my hand 20x11 better .
smol mice cramps my hand so i avoid using any of them .
my scream heavier air58 and worse quality iirc feels a bit on smol compared to what im used to ergo mice .
helps that i have every tree done so i do n't have to worry about that .
that being said thanks to him i got 2 easy kills because they were so tunneled on him i only had to work for the last guy because op unfortunately died before i could make it to save him from the final enemy .
so i got 3 kills which does net a ton of rp and nothing is an easier target than someone tunnel visioning on an ally .
it 's why i never understand when i see people shoot at the guy in front of an ally instead of behind .
the guy behind is easier to hit uses less ammo and potentially saves a teammate .
though my priorities are to win not to grind so i try to keep as many allies alive if i can .
i 'd imagine tucked in the little pocket that his fingers make
gavaskar laid into indian batting overseas several times as well .
i do n't think it 's bias it 's frustration due to the lack of application from bangladeshi side .
just suck it up for a few more weeks imo .
or stop afking in ironforge and/or visiting the known spots where rogues are waiting for you while you are flagged .
at least you understood the bit that was a personal insult .
seriously what you wrote points to you genuinely needing a serious schooling in politics .
it also points to you needing to work on separating news events from enjoying your life .
they do n't need a license they need a license plate .
shit i 'm at the bar drinking and i forgot about that .
my old roommate left his copy to me since he got gamepads and i have been paying it .
actually started playing with people for the first time in years with it .
such a fun game even if it is fantasy like
shes smiling in fear the guy has no idea where he is
nope i do have a lot of trades or caps .
do not capitalize discussion '' just the first letter .
please resubmit r/market76/submit your trade or trade-related submission with the correct format detailed here https www.reddit.com/r/market76/wiki/format .
here 's an example of correct title format for a trade post pc w anti-armor explosive handmade h caps karma
here 's a good example of a discussion post discussion what 's the best crafted items to sell ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/market76 if you have any questions or concerns .
never tried with the others always had the rocket droid
it never is okay to stay in an environment that you feel is toxic for you .
you will find someone one day who will appreciate you and who will truly love you for who you are .
it felt like these sales were n't deserved with all the other games that seems way better with more features .
people bought pokemon because they just like pokemon seems close minded .
i used to feel that until x and y came out .
noticed gamefreak were doing less post content in main line games changing little to be safe in sales .
you ca n't laugh at anybody after taking a pic of the screen instead of using that 1 button that does the same but better .
i 'm not entirely sure but they used to reference a guy named nick a couple years ago i thought
netflix is a content distributor that hosts factual documentaries .
its about the big shots in the fe community mark sergent globebusters etc .
they are the sole focus and are displayed in as flattering a light as possible .
so unless you 're saying they 're all shills then you do you .
also you can say your link is scientific but it fails to be in every regard .
i do n't want to see more vehicles from other trees than are absolutely necessary for the tree .
if they have to be there i want them to atleast be service vehicles .
i 'm also really sick of all the copy/paste claims and i want people to realize it can stand on its own legs .
if i find out anything ill get back to you asap
god the first couple seasons of that show was great .
legitimately for airsoft or not atf still calls it constructive possession of a machine gun if you own the part and a gun that will accept it .
the proposed va law sounds even worse as far as parts assault firearm '' goes .
motion smoothing helped a lot when it worked but now it 's just keeping the resolution low .
i will eat my food while standing in the kitchen even though there 's a beautiful dining table right next to me .
then i will proceed to wash my dishes in the upstairs bathroom sink even though there was a dish washer right next to me in the kitchen .
also i will regularly miss a day of work because of a puddle of cat pee or a dinner plate in front of my front door .
instead of stepping through/over it i 'll just stand there yelling gibberish and waving my hands frantically .
a dozen roses ... after repeated texts saying he 's named our children .
he also did n't have a high school degree so i 'd be the only one working .
from my experience no womans pubic hair can not grow that long .
i 'd say like maybe a bit over half an inch max is how long it can get .
oregon fan here so i 've seen a lot of justin .
he will be a solid qb but he lacks the it factor .
he 's likable has the physical tools necessary and works hard but he just does n't have it imo .
can be really good will have a good career with the right coach but wo n't be the kind of guy who 's a game changer .
capable of being an excellent piece of an effective offense but not the kind of guy who will will a team to win or bring a meh franchise back to glory .
some sources of inspiration would be life behind bars north st mission workshop and of course tom bihn .
the fabric would be lightweight sailcloth like vx21 or wnw dyneema .
the pocketing arrangement and backpack straps would be similar to tom bihn 's synik .
the bag would be carefully shaped to be highly weatherproof like north st and mw .
clever straps for oversize loads would be incorporated like lbb .
and like mw and lbb it could be compressed to go from 30 to 15 liters making it a manageable daypack .
we know it 's being worked on because jason fabok has been posting https twitter.com/jasonfabok/status/1197555143635611648 panels https twitter.com/jasonfabok/status/1193372944304615426 on twitter https twitter.com/jasonfabok/status/1185213840851689472 .
it 's from a canon book which is basically just a republished version of a legends book .
the dvds are the same as the uk aired version without ads .
if you saw the series on amazon or sundance via streaming the episodes are the same .
there are some nice extras on the dvd or better bluray sets .
war movies have been going war bad '' for 50 years it 's not some ultra-special avant-garde thing .
in the book tribe on homecoming and belonging the author makes essentially the same argument .
which is that he toured around and interviewed a bunch of american indians and they much preferred to be called indian and so he would honour their request .
the extra argument made by the indian man he talked to was that he claimed if you were born in america you were a native american and as such did n't want the term to be used exclusively for american indians .
go to the ores you found and fly straight up .
then when you look down you 'll see the ore spots have a different color from above that 's hard to see close up .
look for these spots then fly down and see what ores there are .
batteries will mostly have to do for now and normally a battery or two will suffice for supply runs for ore and back .
just came to tell you that you 're morally irredeemable .
i too do n't give a fuck what that person thinks .
and lots of guys dicks wouldent fit in that .
welp i need 68 points from coleman deebo and j tucker .
pro tip if you took a break during the off hour you 're drinking again instead of still drinking .
this is probably the fourth account i 've seen of this person people do n't call them gay for that they call them a pedophile for specifically wanting slim short flat-chested asian women because they look so youthful and pure '' and that 's the nicest interpretation of what they 've said that i can manage without feeling too gross they usually go into how they want to breed mix-race babies that forever look youthful '' and plenty more .
hot take the losing score should never be listed first .
could be contact dermatitis from getting your nails done or could be regular old eczema which i get on my hands .
it helps to lather in lotion immediately and throw on cerave or aquaphor ointment and sit there and let it soak in .
it also helps to do dishes and cleaning with gloves on .
its not you dont have to obey or constantly please them i mean if you like that kind of shit im not judging
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/unsentletters/about/rules of r/unsentletters in mind while participating here .
always remember that rule 0 is do n't be a jerk . ''
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unsentletters if you have any questions or concerns .
thank you for your submission — this is a repost https www.reddit.com/r/dankmemesfromsite19/comments/e18euu '' .
unfortunately it has been removed by the moderators of r/dankmemesfromsite19 due to the following
images must be cropped before posting to this subreddit .
thank you for taking the time to make this post we appreciate you thinking of us very much !
for more on our rules please check out our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/dankmemesfromsite19/about/sidebar .
if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to message the moderators by clicking here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdankmemesfromsite19 .
please link the post so our volunteers know what you would like reviewed .
that is the best way to ensure that your message is seen by the moderators .
the moderators do not get notified of responses made directly to this comment .
what 's beggar about being paid to do a job ?
yeah that thing is tiny you can go up bigger than that without an ollie
eat it up sounds fire let 's hope that 's what you 'll be listening to
your post has been automatically removed because you used kik or snapchat in your submission title .
we do n't allow kik names to be posted to the subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/massivecock if you have any questions or concerns .
in the us laws will vary by state but what you 're describing is not typically sufficient for involuntary admission .
the medical/legal criteria usually involve a person with a serious risk of harm to self or others such as suicidal or homicidal ideation .
i would encourage you to be forthcoming with your doctor .
this will help them accurately diagnose and treat your symptoms .
s/he may have some ideas for treating your bulimia and better options for reaching a healthy weight .
if your doctor is judgy and not helpful find another one .
i think she was just saying that as you grow older some of those awards lose their magic probably because we begin to notice the politics of it but that the ama 's are fan voted so it was really special to her to win that one
you ca n't find a shop with a wider range of prices ?
over here in germany decent rx 5700 sell for as little as 330€ which is actually cheaper than the 1660 ti advanced you posted which is 340€ here .
so with this do you imply that thunder king is also portrayed as a bad guy ?
i remember that his skin tone is somewhat similar to radica and breeno and worse of all he is human and not elves .
as an asian myself i see thunder king as this bad ass warrior that seek to do what he can to stop the ogres a very noble cause .
i do n't even think anything about his skin colour is affecting his character or the story .
sometimes i think that we should not portray our understanding of certain things like skin colour towards the story where the developer is trying to convey .
edit and to add on the topic of dark elves i think ae did a better job to give them a reason for being different skin tone than other games which just simply slap a more aggressive '' label on them .
we had a bunch of ref credit left from previous games to cash in on .
so something in the last 59 days must have changed maybe something like the president whining like a bitch about a whistleblower and inferring that 's they should be tried for treason that may be a causal factor in the flip flop .
a few other people have mentioned gideon and i 'd also like to recommend it !
hey take it and ride on the high for as long as you can .
as a fellow stranger i 'd definitely not tell someone they 're attractive if i did n't think it .
better yet pay it forward and give someone else a genuine heartfelt compliment .
trust me that 'll make you feel even better .
i 'm not entirely convinced it counts as an underrated experience tbh it was quite popular when it came out
i 'm locked into one specific cvs due to my insurance .
they are going to be out of my psych meds until after the holidays i spent 3 hours on the phone with my insurance but the side that deals with pharmacy lock ins does n't open until tomorrow morning .
my psychiatrist prescribed me a different medication to pull through the withdrawals
and now this new med has me hallucinating like i 'm on a light acid trip and i have a national exam tomorrow morning that my entire career is dependent on .
the meds were for anxiety and adhd it 's extended release so i 'll either still be tripping or it will be out of my system and i 'll be having a panic attack .
yeah that 's a rule here but i use a bag every day and my teachers do n't care .
awesome she 'll be a great addition to my team !
that 's like saying we only eat too later shit it out '' i think even in this subreddit you 're over simplifying it all
any kind of grey light or dark doesnt work unless it 's on platinum or it will just turn out a mucky green or blue/purple .
bro y'know the list of teams that have won a finals as the 4th seed or lower ?
so for now it 's just about getting some experience and developing the others around him for future playoff runs .
would it matter if it was automated or is it already automated ?
fun fact just because you are from a minority and i am or not doesnt mean i have to like you .
or read as your race sexuality age or whatever does not entitle you to me liking you .
every human should be judged on personality and merit and you lack both .
edited to mark my sarcasm as people dont get it .
i told you to review like a week prior cause i saw this coming 😂
bruh imagine if a gamestop cashier literally set up a laser cutter right on the table and cut a penny in half and handed it to you
they 've admitted it so that 's a step in the right direction
i have scorbunnies i 'll trade for a sobble and grookey .
you 'd keep your mouth shut if you knew what was good for ya .
for telling people you live in chicago when you dont .
if youre not asahmed you would tell people where you actually live .
the cops were harassing minorities in their own communities .
imagine your community is barely treated as human had to fight for the right to vote and use the same water fountain as your white neighbors .
had water hoses and police dogs turned on you for using your right to public assembly .
the black panthers would literally follow cops around basically make sure that the cops feared for their lives if they tried to do something wrong to a black man .
they lost public opinion when they invaded the governors mansion in california because reagan was passing the mulford act .
it was a law written in response to the panthers open carrying firearms to protect their own community from the pigs cops harassing their people .
the law had already been passed when they did this and it forbade anyone from carrying a loaded weapon in california .
it was unconstitutional but it would take years to rectify the situation .
many members of the left claim the nra support for the mulford act as a reason to claim white people do n't want minorities to own guns .
so to say the panthers were the black equivalent of the klan is not understanding the power dynamic of the era .
yes public opinion of them did turn that way .
the white public found the relatively peaceful protests of say a rosa parks or mlk jr to be more palatable than the violent protests of the panthers .
cry because i did n't to have a girlfriend to have an ex
dude get some pylons go to the far corner of a big parking lot .
maybe at night if need be and practice till you get it .
i would n't call him amazing but i kinda feel bad for winfield scott .
he was born too late to be a revolutionary war hero but too early to play a large role in the civil war .
he played a huge role in the mexican american war and ran for president but we never talk about him .
you may be making an honest effort now but he probably does n't trust you anymore .
think of it this way if you rejected him over a 5 year span it will probably take that same 5 years of acceptance to repair the damage .
if you 're thinking my god will it really take that long ? ''
then just imagine his hurt over the same time span .
since you were the problem you can also be the solution .
not sure what the reason would be have you tried setting your tv to game mode in its settings heard that helps .
on my end i get to play with no lag just as if i had it connected to a physical console .
so no having a lag to make a game unplayable would n't be normal .
for everyone saying raising the wall is a good thing
1 regardless of height we need rain to fill it .
which is something we do n't have supposedly the mines in the catchment area are hastening water loss because of water leaking into the earth rather than being caught in the catchment areas .
2 the government has not cut immigration and is still building large suburbs out west .
the government also wants to open up land currently marked as the warragamba dams flood plain up for housing .
we 're in a drought with water running out lets bring more people in ! ''
it does hurt but they have to break any divisional tiebreakers first .
the entire afc south is close in record and the titans have a bad divisonal record .
so we could get lucky and have them eliminated in a divisional tiebreaker too say with the colts .
please remember to follow the rules and join the discord https discord.gg/gftnrcj !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pointlesslygendered if you have any questions or concerns .
turns out washed out '' colors have been reported with damaged ribbon cables .
i went with amazon instead of ebay for this because i thought damage in transit or careless testing might be an issue .
you can try for a diversity green card since mongolia has only 3m peeps .
it took aaron jones 46 minutes to outscore rex burkhead in ppr
literally nothing you say is worth anybody 's time .
is it weird i read that in a c3po voice
i like being a man but women are out there living on recruit difficulty .
am i the only one that thinks this is fake ?
that subreddit is absolutely filled with the most insufferable whiners i 've seen in any gaming subreddit in a long time .
fernando 's legendary for his ability to drive shitboxes far above where they should be though .
you are the second person to make assumptions based on incomplete knowledge today .
i 'm not smarter and more worldly that everyone .
i guess they think it and it fills my machine with it instead .
or at least a coffee shop ice cream shop jamba juice etc .
and still be in a job that is different from the rest .
maybe it 's not happening this is julie messing around for halloween .
people always focus on the books but i miss the good ol '
you 're free to live together in india or whichever other country they want before they qualify .
why should someone on the side and she can be called like loc
can you get that work friend to invite you along to some of the things she 's doing with her new group ?
i had a similar situation at uni and the one friend i made introduced me to a whole new group which was great for me .
something else i 've been trying recently is calling my friends .
like i sometimes message people to catch up a bit but actually talking is so much more and provides so much more social reward '' to my brain .
anyway i was just thinking that talking to people back home might be helpful since you ca n't see them .
as an alternative feel free to message me if you want an anonymous person to bounce potentially embarrassing social stuff off .
i 'm hardly a social butterfly but i 'd be honest with you .
not having lived in the us i ca n't really help with finding a therapist unfortunately .
costs me roughly 17 in a higher cost of living area .
my haircut 's pretty simple so i do n't have much reason for a barber
no i think it was just not down on the level you 'd find in a tc 3-21.8 that is as of now the ranger handbook is a tc .
those are just supposed to be more specific into overarching tasks whereas tms are almost a step by step .
but the adrp did replace the fm with the exception of a few that continuously get published .
i think they are trying to make it more defined in each category .
santa hook me up with some damn oxy 40s pleaseeeeeee 😂😂
you could possibly virtually move '' to a friend 's or even random address in the middle of nowhere far from any sprint coverage area and tell them and they should let you out of the contract ...
do i can drink like 50 gallons of water in a hour and just piss a lot ?
you could always call or goto the children 's hospital or the new ronald mcdonald house it 's rite off briargate and powers .
i 'm sure the children would love a little sunshine .
i never noticed it on the ticket and the automated emails kept saying 25th !
my account did n't say the 30th either so i literally just noticed this now !
if clark 's goal is to kill hope then perhaps raw dark magic can simply kill her and overwhelm her so much that she never turns into a vampire .
i mean with josie utilizing it she can charge it to an insane degree and then by using it to kill hope the twins wo n't be able to siphon it without dying or something .
i can see it now hope gets attacked by clark with this and using the dark magic poisons her josie then has to siphon it to save her or let hope die and not turn into a vampire so josie does it but on the condition that hope turns her or something like that since siphoning all that dark magic is a death sentence .
we get a heretic and hope lives idk just a theory .
really wish they had stations at gas stations or made some device for this reason .
it just adds more snow on the freeway and is a hazard for everyone else .
definetly not an easy fix but just wish something could be done about it .
also see way too many people not bother to clean snow off their roof or windshield and almost cause accidents .
ok so i finally meet a real-life otoko no ko ... on reddit !
it means we will still get a meticulously well crafted single player experience while also having a mp mode that will essentially keep a steady amount of funding towards cdpr .
i mean obviously the shape i most identify with is a dodecahedron .
how you ca n't see that cheryl is beyond me .
i simply can not be encompassed by something so simple as a square .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/joerogan if you have any questions or concerns .
rei is one of those jobs that i always think would be fun until i think about it more and realise its probably just another retail job .
edit plus it would not be safe for my wallet me spending so much time in an rei ...
all communities be they churches schools or subreddits have rules .
we display the rules clearly wherever we can and it is expected that new participants in the community will follow the rules .
most people manage this and as such there is little tolerance for those who make extra work by being incapable .
for the future when you join a community you should make a special effort to find and read the rules because i guarantee that they exist and they will make your integration into the community smoother and your participation more enjoyable .
your submission appears to be too short less than 351 characters so please find and read the subreddit rules check out our wiki pages on common drugs r/drugs/wiki/drugs and the drug knowledge base r/drugs/wiki/knowledgebase or use the search option .
you will receive a 3 year ban for breaking or trying to evade this rule .
unfortunately if you are not able to locate the rules then you will be permanently banned until you can message us with a link to the rules page .
this is likely to require you to use a desktop computer .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drugnerds if you have any questions or concerns .
people need to realize this posted like 10 times a day .
the memory that 's stuck in my head is being on the way to his house passing and turning around to stop at the bar he was at so my mom could remind him we were seeing him today .
only to go to his house and him show up 5 mins later for my mom to tuck him into bed because he was too drunk .
she put some groceries in his fridge and we left because he was past out drunk
except for dnd 3 i really dig the situation that we were given like mr chambers is a cool guy and it would probably be better then if it actually happened in histotry
unfortunately it has been removed as we require titles to be more descriptive .
attempts to circumvent automod will result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/softwaregore if you have any questions or concerns .
they seem to be making a habit of having shows that are great right up until the end .
it allows you to download an unlimited amount of songs including youtube videos
can anyone confirm whats his age when he reached 2000 points in euroleauge ?
lmao you think theyre selling this game at a loss ?
he made his girlfriend think that she had to talk slow because his mom isnt good at hearing and he made his mom think that his girlfriend is retarded
i 've seen tons of people take 4mg of xanax or klonopin and not black out .
even someone who has never done them before could take 5mg of valium and not black out .
not really a glitch but perhaps some negotiasons went bad and they 've removed the content from netflix .
it happened as well in italy while i was watching the series .
looks like they 've added them back so there 's that .
they 've also announced that starting with 1st of december they 'll add season 5 .
anyways here is some info on how netflix works https www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/050515/why-netflix-content-different-other-countries.asp
even if it was upright it 's still backwards .
i 'm not even sure if i remember him sailing any throws today .
the one pass i remember that looked bad was a long one to ben watson but even then i think watson turned the wrong way and could n't recover .
everything else was on the money and just going through receivers ' hands .
alright thanks i just got a so i can get zoros fragments
have you told your mom that you will take niece with you when you move out ?
this might help her cope since she only has to deal with it a little while longer .
but i remember now why i did n't like it i 'm using a chameleon armor piece and it 's harder to read while cloaked .
i think it would be fitting if it got delayed .
to be rated on r/rateme a verification picture is required as stated in rule 8 .
one photo should include a handmade sign that says r/rateme and your exact reddit username .
if you have not added a verification picture please make a new post that includes one as your current post will not appear .
moderators reserve the right to question the authenticity of any submission .
if your current post does include your verification and follows the 7 other rules on the sidebar sit back and relax !
if your submission does not appear within 16 hours please message the moderator team .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rateme if you have any questions or concerns .
if you 're not having fun he probably is n't either .
it is just best for both of you to move on .
the face seems to be a copycat of the audemars piguet royal oak chronograph .
the reason i refuse to view these ideas as stolen .
tbh she was probably really embarrassed she could n't afford it and was more embarrassed that you bought it for her .
what you did was nice but some people react in really bad ways when embarrassed .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 because it did not end with a question mark .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
do not include answers or examples in the post title .
you can post answers as comment replies when you 've reposted .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/e1buao/what_is_the_minimal_malefemale_ratio_in_an .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
most redditors do n't know what 's going on in china .
they 're just parroting the fuck china '' sentiment .
you 'll see several comments on this thread referring to he '' and i assume that these people think this post is referring to some kind of presidential election .
that second attack not even gon na just call it a hit ... that was malicious as fuck was 100 intentional and dude deserves to be punished way more than 4 games .
especially since its the second time he 's been caught doing that exact same thing lower back least protected area besides the open face/kneck and on a defenseless player on top of elbowing someone in the face and i think the video showed another incident that i 'm blanking on now .
this shit is all dirty and this def was n't just a heat of the moment just fine him and move on '' kinda play .
guy needs to be watched for more dirty shit with maybe a 3 strike type of plan impmemented .
this is your first strike now ... no more warnings .
you do this malicious shit again its a strike .
2 more you 're fuckin out of the league man .
sry i was n't able to make any trades while i was out .
i 'll be on for the next 2 or 3 hours or so if you 're still on if not we can find a time tomorrow to trade .
does n't change the fact that he does n't possess chael 's ability to play a likeable heel or be witty and charming .
for the last couple decades cars have just pretty much been the same set things with small differences and different colours .
it 's so boring i 'm glad someone 's doing something new .
reporting a post does n't cause it to be deleted .
reporting a post causes it to be hidden from you only .
huge shoutout to the worst casting in history pony boy in the outsiders
i do n't know about the ass slapping seems kinda gay to me but i do n't hug anyone but my gf .
good luck to everyone trying to avoid seeing baby yoda everywhere .
andy dufresne get busy living or get busy dying . ''
basically what i just pointed out ... except bitcoin has an excessively small market cap and value compared to those assets essentially makes it much easier for a couple very wealthy individuals to manipulate in light of that .
the states that have had tort reform have not experienced substantial drops in insurance costs added for those claiming that tort reform will drop insurance and malpractice insurance it wo n't .
oh ... wait ... that part did n't fit your narrative ...
people are asking about the truck 's interior but fail to realise that the truck has no interior since you drive it in third person
there is so much machismo about being a real '' mexican .
it makes it very hard to just be yourself .
well i have 6 different tuner cars the mazda is 9 months old to me .
it did n't work in this 3 way with two equally methodical opponents
out of the 23 eastern catholic churches in communion with rome the maronites syro-malabars and chaldeans were the only ones who were never orthodox to begin with .
the overwhelming majority of eastern catholics were originally orthodox christians so i would n't be surprised about them having any animosity they might have towards rome .
venixflytrap we have some cross over games but add me
the choreography/animation is intentionally reminiscent of let it go. i actually prefer show yourself it feels like a more mature version of let it go.
i 'm a bot that provides downloadable video links !
want to stop time to sleep and watch anime and get high
this is so fucking funny cuz you know all he could think about was trying to handle
it looks like someone bought it back and is now trying to get the original owner his channel back .
yeah my dad thinks the videos of trump doing saying stupid shit are all faked with editing and cgi
it does n't invalidate it people just want reasons to hate .
it is possible they mess his return up and wo n't use it as they should but i do n't think they will .
haha jokes on you i like a guy and he does like me !
thank you so much for taking your time out of your day and helping me out .
i 've spoken to my dad before but he does n't really care or just does n't listen to me .
i 'm only 19 and i still live with him and i go monday thru saturday to work with him bc he 's training me but once i start working i 'll be able to work towards my career🙏🏼
go back to find this post and post a comment
i have found that sometimes no matter how well i pace myself it sneaks up and gets on top of me .
next thing i know i 'm kissing the curb in a cocktail dress ... heh heh heh yeah ...
someone please explain to me why steven university is so big on other parts of reddit specifically the gay community .
a person 's time is their own business and if they do n't want to listen/read the book then their writing is n't worthwhile according to you ?
i did n't understood that scene yes im dumb .
scrolled through this thread just to see if someone mentioned koa .
i 've been binging star wars empire at war eaw and the community is so nice so far !
only problem is that it 's a 13 year old game that tends to crash a lot with everything going on and the graphics are outdated .
i really would just love a new game for 2020
thanks for sharing gon na have to look into getting something similar over here in europe .
also early 20 's also recently out of a long term relationship with someone i really had nothing in common with but we got along really well .
you will meet someone who jives with you mentally and emotionally it really is a numbers game in that way though .
i do n't think you need to keep things going with this girl you 're saying is a chore to spend time with .
you 're young and i personally do n't feel it 's worth wasting any more if my youth trying to make things work with someone who does n't get me and make me feel wonderful and whom feels the same way about me .
it 's pretty tantalizing sometimes when you can tell someone is really into you because you 're an awesome catch to try to make things work .
but it 's really not worth minimizing yourself just to get along with another person .
i heard some advice the other day that might speak to you ...
if it 's not a complete yes right now then right now it 's a no .
this was more about making choices for personal growth and how to know if what you 're facing is really too much for you or if it 's just the discomfort of growth .
but i feel it may apply well to relationships .
you 're beginning to see through the symbolic order of the life drive .
think less on right and wrong more on your desire itself .
stop clouding yourself with mere rationality obviously you must go beyond that .
he alcibiades asks socrates for something without knowing what it is but which he calls agalma .
some of you will know the use that i made of this term some time ago .
i will go back to this agalma this mystery which in the mist that clouds alcibiades vision represents something beyond all good .
how can one see anything other than a first adumbration of the technique of the mapping of the transference in the fact that socrates replies to him not what he said to him when he was young look to your soul but something more suited to the florid hardened man he now is look to your desire look to your onions .
but if socrates is the first analyst-practitioner then the stoics are those who fulfill lacan 's dream of a community of analysts the analyzed or enlightened who experience their jouissance as a general economy of desire with the recognition and acceptance of how desire is determined by the other .
is it not strange that echo that we found though of course we are not going to stick our noses into this for long between the ethic of analysis and the stoic ethic ?
what does the stoic ethic really amount to other than the recognition of the absolute authority of the desire of the other that thy will be done !
that is taken up again in the christian register ?
the guarantee of the other in god or truth having collapsed and one 's own object of desire having been mapped and identified one becomes a stoic .
beyond analysis lies a practice of jouissance which is a game of believing and being believed of seducing and being seduced made all the more ecstatic and all the more dangerous for being elucidated .
the will to ignorance never gets us anywhere our jouissance manifests itself nevertheless .
it is here that the interminable side of psychoanalysis takes over as the never ending attempt to maintain a practice of jouissance as an ethic of desire sustained by what is other in the face of our subjective destitution .
but in the present age we may have already moved beyond analysis as a specific practice and reached the place which jean baudrillard describes where irony and seduction reign just as the dialogues of the sophists and socratics eventually gave way to the stoics .
once again what is the point of saying that the world is ecstatic that it is ironic that the world is objective ?
what is the point of saying that it is not ?
what is the point of not saying it at all ?
what theory can do is to defy the world to be more more objective more ironic more seductive more real or more unreal what else ?
it has meaning only in terms of this exorcism .
the distance theory takes is not that of retreat but that of exorcism .
it thus takes on the power of a fatal sign even more inexorable than reality and which can perhaps protect us from this inexorable reality this objectivity from this brilliance of the world whose indifference would enrage us if we were lucid .
let us be stoics if the world is fatal let us be more fatal than it .
if it is indifferent let us be more indifferent .
we must conquer the world and seduce it through an indifference that is at least equal to the world 's .
i went from zip to hiking 20+miles in a day with a 50lb backpack in about 5 months .
mostly hiking every other weekend and gym 2-3 times a week .
i was training for an 80mile 8 day trek that included whitney .
hardest part was the mental effort over the last cpl of miles of rock to the summit ... but i 'm toying with doing it again 6months is plenty of time imho .
we do not allow lfg-style posts on our subreddit .
we do however offer alternatives for those who want to connect with other redditors to play with !
you can join us for our weekly team up tuesday thread here https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/search ? q=team+up+tuesday+author 3aautomoderator restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all where we allow similar comments to your post or join us in our discord https discord.gg/fortnitebr
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
this song is a timeless classic that i 'll for sure play at my wedding .
there is nothing negative it 's upbeat and positive and it literally is everyone 's wedding vows .
you could quote this verbatim during a proposal and nobody will be the wiser .
even the camera person will think it 's completely original and from the deepest fibers of your being .
i know a lot of people who are involved computers and tech in general and no where are they the level of rich '' .
avoid being scammed and read this wiki about it http www.reddit.com/r/fifautcoins/wiki/avoidscammers .
do not trade unless the person who wants to trade with you comments in this thread and links to their r/futrep profile !
otherwise they are probably banned scammers no matter their excuse .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fifautcoins if you have any questions or concerns .
i was suprised he looked a little slower than he usually does once he caught it tbh .
i feel like pre-injury they wouldnt have gotten close .
do n't get me wrong i appreciate it a lot and i 'm glad you 'd made it through ok i just made the stupid decision to watch a video about surgical mistakes
they only talk to me when they want something .
shit man i 'm just glad i was also able to see this gold
clean up those headlights and you got a nice ass civic on your hands there buddy .
chrisfix has a great youtube video on how to clean up foggy headlights .
unfortunately your submission appears to mirror a common thought .
please remember that as per rule 1 all showerthoughts must be original and unique .
i 'm studying for my phd research is mostly reading research papers and going over what i 'm being shown in it carefully until i understand it .
then check the references for another similar paper to read .
it 's a slow start to begin with because you 've got to learn a tonne of terminology that you 'll have never encountered before but eventually you 'll hit critical mass and wo n't need to learn terminology so much .
this might not be the exact same as what you 'll be doing though i 'm not entirely certain i just hope it helps .
i 've analyzed the pharoah 's sweat 100000 times and i know he does n't smell like that ''
dw u will be fine just say what comes to ur mind and what is right to u. do n't make it bigger than it seems idk how to put it .
if you know u tried ur best then thats kinda wht matters .
plus i dont think u can prepare for this kind of thing by studying certain things or whatever .
in case you 're a six year old and are confused ohio state is from the state of ohio which is a separate state from michigan which is where the university of michigan considers itself state champions .
here are a few tips to minimize your risks when trading in let 's go pikachu/eevee !
most scammers place other users in private situations to avoid having their actions seen in public .
also note that for your trade to count for flair every part of the conversation should be public so that all details can be confirmed .
since another random player can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner is using it is important that you double check that you are trading with the right person .
if you are trading shiny pokémon please make sure that your post and other users ' offers contain the full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules .
this is to provide more visibility so you know how the pokémon you are trading for was obtained .
if you see any posts that do not have the full details please report it so that the moderators can be aware of the situation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
yea there 's some real dildos on here and its sad .
but clearly these people have never been through this cos if they had they would not be talking shit or being jerks .
yes but the texture of the bolts made me doubt a bit
wishes dont seem to exist in tdp i just think that whoever was homebrewing the spell threw that in there to keep them from being revivified reincarnated or otherwise resurrected .
i think day9 put it best you have to micro your macro .
and when micromanagement overtakes macromanagement you are left with a twitch reflex oriented experience instead .
maps are too small resource acquisition is too rapid and unit development is likwise too quick .
if you want a proper rts experience consider total annihilation and supreme commander .
while at the highest levels of pro play micro is still very important an overemphasis on one 's micro does get punished because you spent too much time focusing on units that are highly expendable at the cost of your infrastructural development .
the slower pacing is aided by longer build times slower movement speeds slower rates of resource acquisition though more resource nodes are present around the map and larger map sizes .
that said a lot of these games are fairly old so their early game build orders have largely been firmly entrenched though no one build order is going to necessarily bring you victory .
if fans bitch enough and it hurts their pocketbooks maybe it will .
right now its just ignorant 99 of challenged calls stands as called .
actually our teacher was very good about this sort of thing ... the papers themselves were graded on more than anything our ability to present critical thinking in a organized coherent manner .
there was no right or wrong answer per se .
hot button issues were always at the forefront ... also he assured students he taught that papers were confidential and that we would never get in trouble for having divergent views of the world .
he was is quite possibly the most intelligent people i have ever known .
hear no but saw that guy from our section .
lol i dunno ... old ... small not loud deep or accurate enough .
i think it 's psw150 maybe ... like a 12 with 150watts maybe ?
i 'm gon na keep my eye out for bargains on used subs on cl but is the overall consensus that monolith monoprice 10 or 12 is best bang for buck new ?
curious why someone would get a sealed one though are they that much better for music sealed ?
do n't shhhhhh people makes you seem like a huge ass
the hard way to score and cut a piece of drywall
somehow this seemed a lot more malicious must be all the time he had between crosschecks .
left looks bit like young gerald buttler 😃 and right looks gorgeous ✌️
based on that the air force guaranteed me a spot in the electronics career field .
i enlisted and in basic training they approached me about volunteering for a job that i really did n't understand at the time other than knowing that it was electronic communications support .
after basic i had a 12 month sequence of courses
following that i went to work doing component level repair communication support pc and network support and data center monitoring .
i did 4 years about to get out i was offered a job as a level 1 network engineer .
i got an honorable discharge and went to work .
i studied on my own and found mentors at work when possible .
within 18 months i was leading internal trainings and doing l3 support .
within 24 months i was a team lead and within 30 months i was a project leader .
then i took a role with much less responsibilities but paid better and did n't require as much time .
because my job was a snoozefest i used the gi bill to put myself through a weekend/evening bachelors degree program while working full time doing grunt support work that i was overqualified for .
after graduating i went back to project management and took on roles with increasing responsibility .
i had a role as an it manager leading a help desk and on-site support team got bored and took a role as an infrastructure architect for a while .
eventually i finished my masters in business in a weekend degree program .
i 'm considering getting a doctorate and finishing out my career teaching at the college level but am not sure yet .
i 'm glad you did but really ! ! !
a lot of bots come on reddit which is why you need a minimum amount of karma to comment or post in some subreddits .
usually commenting is n't regulated as harshly just go to your favorite sub and reply to some comments until you gain the karma you need to post things
just an algorithm to follow the ball with some constraints and uncertainties in it .
in fact very very few things on computers are ai .
michael jackson i do n't care so much about his music be he was a cultural icon who was often in the news .
for example he hates disbelievers but even though he hates them sometimes he tries to draw them to him .
in islam humans are considered higher than angels as in viceregants of the world because we have free will .
so there is advantage or more power responsibility on humans due to our free will .
even satan is jealous and envies us in islam because of our status amongst god 's creation .
in islam it is better to be punished by god on earth because it expiated sin which will help you in the grave and on judgement day .
other option is to let those people go their own way completely but that will mean eternal hell for them and god and them would never want that .
that is what god is doing with us except he is one trying to prevent disease spreading and disease is sin and not following god 's path .
only reason he does this is due to our free will and with it comes a higher reward if we choose to obey .
do you think god has punished or tried to kill you for not believing or obeying him ?
i forgot to mention your mom was with me and op 's mom .
that 's a sweet thought but the system is rigged towards republican control .
every time we have a democrat controlled government its 90 percent damage control and the republicans then use that to their advantage .
why do we have to play nice in a game that is rigged so heavily ?
fox news was being designed since nixons reign for christ 's sake .
the game is cut and dry one sided and will be even when we are all dead .
how many democrats have resigned since 2016 at the drop of a hat ?
how much talent will we waste when republicans vote in confirmed pedophiles and people who 's entire world is built on russian money .
the crime that trump is currently in the process of impeachment for has a public record of nearly 80 deaths of allied ukrainian soldiers .
the whistle blower on the panama papers is dead too you think that does n't make republicans happy that that 's all settled ?
it 's always so easy to pretend like we are the good guys .
people are dying and we are sniffing our own farts because we play nice with others .
either we play the damn game or we lose even harder the next time until they deign us to win an election .
you sound like the professor from futurama with that title
the only advantages sandstorm brings for me are frenzy mode and mag-checks/quick reloads – i 've found myself playing og more recently just feels more of a 'pure ' gaming experience .
also i spent hours learning embassy and i 'm not letting that knowledge to waste .
i still would n't ever waste my widow on basic mooks at any difficulty level below hardcore .
it 's just overkill and powers can do the job better .
your submission to r/christmas has been removed because your account is too new or your karma is too low .
we have instituted this rule as an unfortunate but necessary anti-spam measure .
in the meantime feel free to comment on any submissions in this subreddit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/christmas if you have any questions or concerns .
definitely not weird and not fair for him to try guilt you like that .
him mitigating his family is definitely his job and he needs to learn to shine his spine .
he has the option of having the kids with him for christmas day until sunday and he does n't see how generous of an offer that is .
it it because his mother stomps her feet because it 's her way or no way ?
r/justnomil and r/justnoso could also help you out some more if you want it !
is this one of the posting memes from the past decade '' memes ?
tv eugene is ten times weirder and tv rosita is ten times more of a developed character .
in the comic she 's was really only with him to move his story forward .
but it 's not like early/limited access or anything .
i have had no glitches or problems once i found a good usb-c 3.0 cable .
once oculus releases their official cable active fiber optic to usb 3 cable to get past the length restrictions on normal usb 3 cables then it 'll be even better as that should be more flexible and longer than everything else on the market now since usb 3 spec only works up to 10ft on a passive cable .
put it this way stadia is n't labelled as a beta but obviously should have been .
link is labelled as a beta but probably did n't need to be .
manu chao ⋆ 21 june 1961 in paris france is a french/spanish rock reggae punk and ska artist well-known in the paris alternative music scene before his international success with the band mano negra active 1988-95 .
well-known songs are 'me gustas tu ' 'bongo bong ' 'clandestino ' 'mr bobby ' and 'je ne'taime plus ' .
manu is one of the world 's largest selling artists but is less known in the english-speaking world .
much of his lyrics are about global political and social issues but also about love world 's lifestyles and music .
manu chao born josé-manuel thomas arthur chao on 21 june 1961 in paris france is a singer of french and spanish basque galician origin .
heavily influenced by the uk rock scene particularly the clash the jam and dr. feelgood chao and other musicians formed the spanish/english rockabilly group hot pants in the mid-1980s .
the group released a demo entitled mala vida '' in 1984 which received plenty of local critical praise but otherwise gained them little attention .
by the time the group released their first album in 1986 the parisian alternative music scene had taken flight and manu his brother antoine chao and friends such as alain from les wampas formed los carayos to incorporate this sound with the rockabilly and punk styles of hot pants .
los carayos remained a side project of the artists for eight years releasing three albums in the first two years followed by a final album in 1994 .
manu chao had been a well-known member of the parisian alternative music scene in bands such as hot pants and los carayos .
in 1987 chao his brother antoine chao and their cousin santiago casariego founded the band mano negra which met with success in france first with the hit single mala vida and then mexico central and south america where the band toured .
chao sings in french spanish arabic galician portuguese english italian and wolof sometimes mixing them in the same song .
he is one of the world 's largest selling artists but is less known in the english-speaking world .
chao 's music has many influences rock french chanson spanish-american salsa reggae ska and algerian rai .
these influences were obtained from immigrants in france his iberian roots and his travels in latin america following the disbanding of mano negra .
many of chao 's lyrics are about political issues e.g. immigration global social justice conflict and a strongly leftist critique of exploitative economic globalization but they are also about love lifestyles in different parts of the world and music itself which is hopeful for the future and at the same time dramatic .
chao is openly critical of the bush administration in the us .
he has many followers among the european left and the anti-globalization movement .
the influence of manu chao in latin rock or rock en español '' was crucial not only for the development and rise of new latin bands that tried to emulate his eclectic style but also for the self-knowledge of latin america as a united culture .
after the latin america tour and travels manu chao lyrics were more often written in spanish than were the mano negra lyrics .
his songs also took the lyrics or chords of some popular tunes like el preso '' from fruko y sus tesos '' in desaparecido '' or la verdolaga '' a traditional colombian cumbia in por el suelo '' .
manu chao 's music does not follow a logical textual narrative but in its eclectic construction it invokes a deeper understanding of its subject than any literal form could .
he sings songs about the people of the streets the outer provinces and the marginalised he sings with the forgotten and uncounted billions the underclass and in so doing he speaks about the fragility of human kind .
his music is a bridge exploring the common ground and means of mutual understanding that are available to us exponating the idea that beyond superfluous differences in cultural identity we are all the same .
ya you need to touch both to get 220 .
fuck ca n't even explain this to electricians and you get it .
i have heard 'i have been shocked by 600 hehehe ''
mostly you were the a hole kinda but the japanese folk should get a little credit as well .
your assholeness it is extremely common for people to take sports seriously .
shit talking in sports is not only normal though super douchy it is usually the trait of an invested individual .
you ca n't really hold it against people for being emotionally invested in something that you 're not so much so as long as they do n't take it too far .
now you shoulda kinda seen something like this coming .
old people and japanese people both have this stereotype of looking down on poor performance .
they see it as weak focus and low investment well in particular for the old japanese parent stereotype .
who knows some of those old folks might have even wanted a good competitive match .
either way being in sports you should be used to some form of shit talking .
do n't get me wrong you simply followed your instincts .
it 's easy as hell to react emotionally while your body is working hard .
you tried to not say anything until you got genuinely pissed off and lashed out whereas some people that are more emotionally forged '' might have taken a different course .
someone else might have de-escalated the situation by making a smart ass japanese remark .
if you would have done this then this action would have let you fire back at those oldies and also let them know that you could understand them .
other people might have quietly strategized a counter to such a thing .
you know that they will hit the ball to her that is info that they do n't know that you know so you could have adapted .
think of it like this though no one except you was privy to the fact that the oldies were somewhat insulting her .
if you had stayed quiet that 's all that would have happened .
sure the girl herself was beating herself up about it but she could only assume that the opposing team was insulting her .
that is a lot less stressful than her knowing that they are talking mess .
it is basically you who got mad on her behalf not her .
by reacting to that degree towards them all you did was create vastly more of a negative atmosphere not that i blame you too much for it .
i know it is hard to think like this while in the situation so that 's why i voted that imo you 're somewhat an asshole but not that much .
their assholeness similarly they were assholes by not checking themselves '' .
the act of speaking abound someone else in front of them in a foreign tongue is rude as fuck but most people that get the chance to do it-do it almost instinctively .
it is not something that people usually question the ethics of .
in this case you can say that it was a bonus for them because they can strategize out loud without having to have the opposing team understand them .
the shit talking is bad of course but it 's sports we are talking about here .
a heated body is a heated body and the desire to win really heats '' some people up .
they are a bit douchy for talking mess but it 's nothing that ca n't be expected even from old people .
your gf is also an asshole for calling you an asshole xd
yeah that sounds good when it happens but that is n't consistent .
it 's all about playing consistent to rank up .
looking through the options for pets and rangeds the ranged option does n't mesh well with both pet and multiclassing whereas if i did 2h reach pet that would definitely be very nice multiclass territory .
so i think i will swap my herald to a dex/ranged and my ranged to a str/2h .
but that wo n't give me a pure dex focused char for trickery erp .
p i reckon the scroll-trickster gets the trickery skill ...
respect to sheffield united they were outstanding in the first half
and that 's why zexal is so much better than vrains .
the duels had personality other than sit on hoverboard or stand on the ground ''
stop bothering me while i 'm cleaning my foxhole !
if you gon na act like apple has no quality its no use argueing .
there are fabrics which will not even give you half a sleeve for 50 .
do n't you dare kill her i swear on my fluffy socks ...
i ca n't imagine that system being the case in any other country .
i was literally about to purchase some keys directly from psyonix .
thank you so much for telling me about this resource ≧◡≦ .
in reality this show will go down in history as another missed opportunity .
do n't know but would love to watch that .
no one is gon na help you with modifying game files here .
if you have n't read it enjoy fellow who dat/tiger bro .
dirk 's ceiling which he basically realized was super high but it is n't at the level of luka due to this playmaking .
luka sees these passes as they are happening and has the ability to make pinpoint passes at lightning speeds .
basically if and huge ifs luka can refine his passing even more get to dirks level as a scorer he has a chance to be the goat .
would you mind sharing the pob or both builds please ?
enough flavor and nutrients to keep me healthy and fit .
plus i eat this everyday anyway so no brainer .
unless i missed my mark did you get that from the completionist saga ?
if the issue is the kitten locked up 24/7 then deal with the issue of the cat being locked up 24/7 .
you did n't agree to the cat so the cat goes .
stop letting a spoiled kid decide what happens in your house .
rehome the cat to someone who wants to both care for it and has time to spend with it .
if she does n't start turning things off unplug them .
i wrote i want a girlfriend '' back when this was called ftf .
you can try tinder if you want but i find online dating too much of a chore .
you might not and you 'd be dealing with a different demographic form me anyway .
there 's other dating apps and sites that might be better .
even just general meeting ones like meetup can help you find people in general who share your hobbies and values .
if your uni has an lgbt club thing maybe you 're already part of it then you can get to know people there .
maybe bars or pubs maybe not your scene but better than clubs where it 's mostly just dancing and the music 's too loud to talk over .
if you just wanted to vent ignore my advice .
i 'm just killing time because i ca n't get to sleep .
oh my gosh i did n't even know about this !
i 'm going to try my best to get lab grown crystals from now on .
i 'm also steering clear of buying endangered herbs like white sage or palo santo
did he make any claims as to whether or not other streams are better ?
the man did his homework got ta give credit lol
i found that same website by looking for ... something i do n't remember on google and having the results search from 1990-2000 .
i guess it 's time to search every inch of that site .
this is entirely a guess based on some of the art that people made but if we can get a confirmation that they were in fact itty bitty titties that could help .
there 's also 貧乳 微乳hinnyū which means poor chests '' which basically just means flat chests .
plus ぺちゃぱい ぺチャパイpechapai and つるぺた ツルペタtsurupeta meaing flat chested hairless girl '' .
this is only based on the fact that they 're in there for 90 days apparently .
we do n't know if there was censorship or not yet .
though if there 's an anime that will have shit like scratching your neck to death i 'm not sure why they would bother censoring the possible itty bitty titties .
i guess it could possibly count since they do maybe get naked ?
we do n't know if they 're shaved or not .
it 's entirely possible that there 's not a whole lot of detail down there that we can see .
there 's also マンコ 真婿manko basically meaning vagina . ''
公衆便所kōshū benjo meaning restroom ... '' but it 's a derogatory term basically meaning whore '' which is why it 's under the based on little '' list .
ライムlime which is basically soft core ... '' assuming that anybody would think of such an anime as such .
萌え もえmoe based on how the art style was described .
i do n't know if this case would be considered as public or private .
i do n't know if it 's only used in a sexual context though .
ブルセラburusera which i guess can both mean gym clothes and sailor uniforms .
there 's also コギャルkogal kogyaru '' but that 's kind of specific .
a fashion that involves wearing an outfit based on a japanese school uniform but with a shortened skirt loose socks and often dyed hair and a scarf as well .
they have a reputation as sexually very loose . ''
we do n't know if the uniforms were changed in any way yet ...
though we wo n't every find a specific anime based on the basic blue and white uniform alone .
cannibalism is n't on this list ... probably a good thing ?
介助 is assisted '' so i guess 介助 自殺 would be assisted suicide ? ''
i tried putting those two words together but it could n't translate assisted '' that way
浴室 yokushitsu is bathroom '' and 浴室のタイル yokushitsu no tairu '' is bathroom tile .
浴室内に閉じ込められた yokushitsu-nai ni tojikomerareta is trapped inside of the bathroom ... '' maybe .
it was about five teenagers watching a disney film get a grip
yiddle looks even more similar to deet 's brother .
recent favorites were the guilty 2018 denmark border 2018 sweden and of course elle 2016 france .
but my all time-favorite has to be the lives of others .
purple shampoo strips the natural oils from your hair .
it is recommended to not use it exclusively or regularly .
i 've already ruled out a lot of other things too .
but you 're right i think it will be okay .
i had some trouble initially and when i was a teenager but i have a good team of doctors i 'm working with now so i think i just need to trust that everything will work out .
it had a chicken head with duck feet with a woman 's face too .
i was going to say just the same then i saw your comment .
some people just ca n't admit when they 're wrong and do n't know what they 're talking about .
i remember dropping my folder with this issue and all the papers flew out in some weird order .
the devil you know but other titles are still going .
it may go to a full monthly title at some point but for now it 's released as miniseries and one-shots .
and there 's way more for the mignolaverse still to come .
what he means is the stereotype of karens the bob haircut can i speak to the manager '' entitled attitude probably drives a bmw and has 2-3 angels '' who in fact are little brats you want to kick out of a window .
oh yeah there is definitely something they could of done either remake it and send it back out to you assuming rush died down by then or credit you a free pizza for your next order and refund you your money .
that wont slide at the store i work at .
i would n't bother with them again if i was the customer
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 you must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just yes '' or no '' .
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
try including question phrases like what is ... '' what are ... '' .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/e1ei3h/once_ocd_medicines_stopped_taking_will_gerd_stops .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
is there a wincon or is just pure destruction ?
this is what a plate of sadness looks like .
ca n't be the only one here who thinks that the weather has been fluctuating like mad recently ?
one moment you 're going to melt and the next it 's natural air con all around
the water is chilled and then carried the water is carried not air all over the campus for aircon it is hot weather most of the year .
we do n't have solar panels it just uses cheap off peak electricity .
here he is again stalking and attacking others without any provocation .
each individual on reddit has their own unique experience .
i for one have not seen this pic until now .
have you ever actually seen a ryzen chip in action or read a review in the last 2 years ?
actuellement les voitures autonomes fonctionnent entièrement en local effectivement bon à part les mises a jour mais pour ça on s'en fiche de la latence .
mais c'est la que la 5g ouvre des possibilités par exemple dans un avenir peut être pas si lointain que ça ou la majorité des véhicules seront autonomes on peut avoir envie qu'ils communiquent entre eux .
pa to ti valjda najbolje znaš.. ja ti mogu reći zašto meni idu na živce uvjetno rečeno no kod mene je postotak daleko manji..
your independent life is now over and you belong to kq entertainment .
cave or basement underneath village has a demonic altar or summoning circle .
i am anticipating better and non-natural causes from others .
i do n't know where you 're from but if it 's a place where the holiday special is n't canon i never want to visit .
i relate with this jin so much it hurts my soul
i 'm concerned for you about going into dka .
numbers this high are quite dangerous even if they do n't necessarily feel dangerous .
when i get too high i get really emotional and angry .
it 's like everything is too much to take .
when i 'm too low it 's shaky and awful and no amount of food seems enough to feel better .
you ca n't do italki for four to six hours a day which is what you typically get in a good immersion program not to mention conversations with host families and people you meet plus the cultural side !
for someone who wants to jack up their spanish quickly there is nothing better than immersion travel .
so unless you modify that to ensure there 's proper air flow you 're going to really hinder growth .
it 's just that the plot of tlj ran around like a headless chicken and everyone arguing online basically went barreling downhill from there
i hope he gets well along main and academy roster .
as i remember from 2018 worlds tl cotopaco when xd he really disappointed opl fans and also was really toxic .
sell it for what you paid for it and move on .
pretty easy to get one pumped by mobile players .
i can throw a ball with either hand but i 'm way better at shooting with my dominant hand .
mine did when i bought it but i think it was just the initial launch .
i need to look at it so i do n't feel as bad about my 41k ... . all time
i think it 's normal but wow he 's going about it the wrong way .
also i think he should be more than happy to introduce you .
not saying that 's any kind of red flag he 's just acting really childish about it .
makes me wan na cry thinking about women and children who have to go through that and lose their lives because some psycho wants control and power .
i assume you stopped running to check yourself out .
it 's actually really easy to stop buying shit from china .
what 's the last shit you really needed that was made in china ?
if you only buy shit you need you can pay a little more to buy actual quality versions of that .
tech like cell phones is the only real outlier .
he was a ghost the whole time so there was nothing to destroy
cant tell if that 's a tenor or alto sax from this camera angle
there 's still like 6 old raids people run for armor menagerie gambit patrol destinations strikes old nfs reckoning gambit prime
do n't act like artifact mods magically boost a weapons damage by 99999 all they do is bypass some enemies previous immunity phases '' hobgoblins and hydra shields and allow you to deal with champions in 3 activities one of which the seasonal activity that is so pathetically easy you do n't need them at all for and for all nfs besides master difficulty ones and garden of salvation you can easily kill champions without them one shot them with izanagi burst dps with a shotgun/gl or just knee them with peregrine greaves
the only true benefit is allowing for grenade spamming builds everything else is just some good qol features if anything
people are mad because lfg acts very pissy for gos and nfs and forces people into using things they do n't want to run people want to use sunshot let them do so without being handicapped or being a detriment to the team
really the only exotic primary that does n't have that issue is monte carlo and only if you run it with peregrine greaves for every 950 and below nf because you one shot everything there
so how much money does it produce in the the nightclub
it 's a lot easier than it sounds and it comes out as intimidating but it 's really not .
so basically you have your three macros fat protein and carbs .
if you stick to your budget you wo n't need to worry about your calories .
you 'll need to figure out what your budget '' is you can use online calculators or if you want i can explain how to figure it out yourself which is what i liked to do because i 'm a control freak .
so you figure out your budget and it 's broken down in grams .
say the budget is like 160g of protein 42g of fat and 175g of carbs please remember that your body needs carbs they 're not the monster society has made them out to be for the day .
on the nutritional label of your food and drinks it has what it 's pfc content listed per serving .
you would keep up with that during meals and snacking throughout the day and try to stay 1-3g within your budget i used myfitnesspal to track at first but i ate the same exact thing every day i stopped having to manually track unless i was switching up menus .
of course the things you eat need to be cleaner but the motto is if it fits your macros '' so if you want to eat pizza make it so it fits the budget and eat the pizza .
sure it gets tripled but ww still gets a huge multiplier so it still does a decent amount of dmg doesnt it ?
this is about as relevant and close to the reality as birkovs assesments '' of possible conflicts in modern times .
the raps got too many guys with headbands that look alike .
there 's a reason why serum is favored more than opts in combo decks dude .
this is one of those i just have to laugh at .
i did n't but i faced him in wl last night and he obliterated me
mate i smashed out 3 hours yesterday go hoot at someone else ...
i mean i appreciate it when she does but baggy guy 's sweats and a shirt can be super hott .
im pretty open about it the only people i really hide my drug use from is the policey enforcers !
had zero issues with stutter or frame drops in two play throughs .
i wish people claiming this had captures of their gameplay .
this game has performance issues on the highest end hardware available .
but the data often reported is n't very meaningful .
we can only hope for our boy to look this glorious
they do it good mechanically but good sex is like 90 mental .
pornstars do n't incorporate that aspect so in a sense most porn contains shit sex .
nta im 19 and grew up with parents who lived on a super tight budget .
we had stuff taken and given back for christmas a couple years in a row .
it was still exciting and fun to get back even if we knew they were being returned .
if you 're gon na go the extra step to make them seem new that 's even better .
christmas has never been about the gifts but the family time we all get .
you have a couple of options to keep the floor clean one solution is to get a dog doormat https petgearguide.com/best-dog-doormats like soggy doggy and teach the pupper to use it when coming in .
dog doormats do a better job then regular doormats in capturing the muck but they are not the cheapest .
the other more involved solution is to get a dog paw cleaner https petgearguide.com/best-dog-paw-cleaners at the entrance and use it everytime the doggo gets back in .
finally getting a robot vacuum is indeed a good suggestion .
roomba is going to be on sale on amazon this black friday week some models are already on sale along with robot vacuums from some other brands such as eufy .
please do not reply back to this removal message directly or pm or invite moderators to chat .
unfortunately your submission https old.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/e1k7ol has been removed from r/teenagers for the following reason s listed below
that are not specifically relevant to the average teenager may be removed .
memes must relate to daily teenaged life they should n't be applicable to other subs or every day people .
for example if it 's relatable to someone who is not a teen it 's not suitable for this sub .
if it 's a funny meme that has no relevancy to specific teenaged experiences it 's not suitable for this sub .
posts with intent to spam and clog new and/or intent to collect karma including cake day posts are not allowed .
post deemed to be spamming new such as personality tests or question threads are subject to removal if necessary whether or not there is a megathread created to contain these posts .
reposts or extremely similar memes are subject to removal .
submissions that do not create relevant discussion are not allowed .
posts such as why was this user banned '' why are n't my posts showing up ?
screenshots of reddit including a user 's profile r/teenagers or other subs posts comments etc or images that lack any context fall under this rule .
comments with the intent to spam by extremely large messages copypastas or multiple repeated comments throughout the sub are subject to removal .
the full extended documentation of rule 2 can be found on this page https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_2._no_spamming .
as the quote block above is our simplified version for ease of reading .
this may have resulted in infraction points being added to your account .
to see how many infraction points you have message the moderators message/compose ? to 2fr 2fteenagers .
to learn more about infraction points click here r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_point_system.3a .
please familiarise yourself with our rules r/teenagers/wiki/rules before commenting or submitting .
if you feel this was done in error or would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fteenagers or type r/teenagers in the addressee box when composing a message to modmail us !
please do not reply back to this removal message directly or pm or invite moderators to chat .
no it is n't as the threat of suspension was extremism unethical and irrational
promoting civil liberties is not a valid excuse for punishment
you 're basically saying being jewish in nazi germany knowing it would get you killed is a sign of radicalization
you 're basically saying mlk deserves death because he was asking for it by putting his message out in the leftist south
i did n't realize this was a divisional game .
i would n't mind watching lana suspended above the ring just shouting abuse .
i love opiates too but i like not being homeless more .
the thing is i do n't think that the general user base of the socialism sub are tankies it 's a vocal minority that seems to have a lot of power among the moderators .
that 's my impression at least i 'm not on there nearly as often as i am here .
it was more of a 'can i have this on in the same room with him ' question and it sounds like the answer is no .
but we can probably watch with the 10yo around .
still i 'm happy the general level of gore is down because that felt over the top as in did n't really add to the story displaying it on screen .
felt like lazy 'look at us we can show this stuff now because we 're not in network tv ! '
this is why d/p are best played in an emulator .
you can fast forward them and play them at a reasonable speed .
the only problem is the music gets screwed up lol
ramsey looking down at hollywood like he completely forgot we just walked down the field .
i only use hair irons whenever i get a keratin treatment which is twice a year .
i stopped dyeing my hair too though i really fancy colored hair ends .
i guess it 's stress coupled with lack of sleep .
does iron deficiency have an effect on hair fall ?
the scary thing though is they are bound to overtake the us in military power and what if they want to start colonizing .
i feel like china is the biggest threat to the world period .
well yeah i have to consider that the mitoconondrea is the power house of the cell everytime i have to pay my bill 's and go shopping
if not i 'd order one off of amazon .
when the pistils change color and all the trichomes are cloudy is usually when i like to harvest .
i do n't mind amber over clear trichomes as later harvests tend to yield more and have more advanced aromatics .
i tend to go for flavor and imho i think later harvests have a more complex or complete effect .
reddit meatball and fried rice op u/chausaster https drive.google.com/open ? id=1anseyrz-edteyni_mdn9ba5oraulcvzb9dwhhjgnt3k
i hoping with the link feature and hand tracking coming out for quest it shows oculus is not afraid to push the boundaries of experimental features and release them to the public .
perhaps we can get a wireless module for the rift s for under 150 .
wireless pcvr based gaming would be a 'gen 2 ' feature and it 's something they would need to eventually figure out anyways .
i 'm guessing this applies to m.2 drives as well ?
all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
see reality fiction https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a reality+fiction restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all and simple prompts https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a simple+prompt restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all for stricter titles
be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback and follow the rules https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/writingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
really do n't understand why rudy and demarre did n't get more time .
i think billie and ariana are both doing well for themselves this year and last year too and can definitely hold their own against other artists in many ways .
they have really good steaming numbers which is something that industry experts pay a lot of attention to nowadays .
billie and ariana are at the top of their game at the moment and i for one am here for it .
the b7 bishop is properly defended and it 's pinning your rook to your king so better resign .
fwiw the only thing my initial comment addressed was that k/d is n't what gets you points something the commenter was asking about .
especially with the smart apps they come with now .
this is the kind of thing where being an ass is pretty much okay .
next time he starts bragging just put him in his place .
it 's okay for people to toot their own horn every once in a while where it 's fitting but 24/7 absolutely not .
it does n't really seem like you 're over her now though ?
find the closure you need friend in whichever way you think is going to work !
they privatized many industries outlawed unions and sold concentration camp labor to german companies .
they were state capitalist more than anything under the guise of anti-capitalism .
if you remember it means you first forgot that you are a girl ... how ?
he takes about 5x more shots than the rest of his team combined i 'll give ya that .
him calling a bad goalie bad is n't the same as using a racial slur chill out rev .
why did i just laugh out loud i 'm a horrible person
why would anyone handicapped or not be using that table in the rain ?
instead of chanting for punk how about you chant for kevin lmfao
before matches or randomly in them my aim just pulls like 6 to the right and i 've lost too many gunfights after
i get an exclusive operator or even a camo ...
it looks like you might be new to the sub seeing as you did n't use a tag on your post .
please take a minute to look at our rules and tags post https www.reddit.com/r/youtube/comments/cxyd4c/rules_and_how_to_post to familiarize yourself with what r/youtube is about and how to post to our community .
please note if you break our rules by abusing tagging you will be permanently banned !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube if you have any questions or concerns .
you can get interesting rolls on blues though i like getting them .
will be banning anyone who does it here after this warning .
these meme posts are always a magnet for incidental discussion of questions .
i figure most people do it in good faith not realizing that some people have n't taken this test yet and can use the info to cheat
bucking then nub then motor and then if i still want to spend more money or i am not satisfied with the accuracy and range i 'll get an inner barrel
one can only assume that the subsequent redesign was to sell more toys .
now hee just looks like fat bomber man with a mouth
it was touch and go deciding between will the velcro strap hold '' and do i really want a live amp to have suddenly dangling contacts ''
yeah at first i thought it was referencing soren rambling about hungry horses .
when i was blamed for a crime that i did n't commit .
it was a hard time but my family and friends stood up for me and sarted tell the whole town i was really innocent .
1 year after the investigation i was a happy young man who was about to start university knowing i was the luckiest guy on earth for having awesome people by my side .
well the ride so far has been a bit rough things were moving really fast but it 's definitely going to be worth it when we get there .
i will be sure to take that into consideration .
yeah i know you do n't need it to smash it .
was just an idea to give more options for the tedious challenges i guess haha
i doubt that they think of you as a father figure .
some students are ovelwhelmed some are disorganized/irresponsible and in my case at least at the beginning of my academic career i felt intimidated by the professors so i ghosted because i felt that i could n't write a good enough response .
but there has actually been instances like a friend gets a black eye and the other persons eye starts going black .
this strong connection can make you effect one another .
it 's usually not a coincident it 's real thing .
just stay out of trouble when we chase okay ? ''
because every kanmusu has a unique personality and appearance that i appreciate and love every one of it .
there is no particular thing that i like each have their own beauty and that 's what makes me love them
probably ben mckenzie in gotham aka ryan from the o.c .
i 'm super excited for his new stuff and where he takes it lyrically and musically especially lyrically
ayton is gon na be a superstar and you 're saying this
he did that when he was like 16-17 basically a child and was perma banned on sight then he actually reformed pro players people like svenskren and bjergsen and coaches vouched for him .
mean while tarzaned is fucking 25 yo and is running it down just a few weeks ago in eu and literally trolled and flame froggen 3months back
i 'm not sure where you got the idea that i am angry .
again you have gone back to the politics assuming that nothing is going to change .
fossil fuels are not used because the fossil fuel industry is better at politics than other industries .
fossil fuels win because if you ignore the externalities which uh you should n't do they are just better than everything else .
when something better than fossil fuels comes along fossil fuels will be just as dead whale blubber .
renewable are in fact hard especially if you do n't include hydro power .
even countries that are trying are still using relatively small fractions of renewables .
the reason why is because the technology is hard .
politics can make it harder but even without the politics it still takes a lot of solar wind and other sources to make up for what we use .
if there were cheaper and denser solutions it would make the politics easier .
so fossil fuels are easy renewables are hard and politics definitely ca n't push renewables over fossil fuels yet .
fusion is the obvious thing that would change that equation but it could just be a break through in batteries or solar panels or geothermal or whatever .
any one of those things could suddenly make renewables easy even as fossil fuels continue to get harder .
sure they will trash about on the way out but new money kills old money .
there are a bunch of obvious teams doing credible work that could have a break through at any moment .
there are people actually working on solutions right now .
billions of dollars are being spent while you folks here act like doom is certain .
the strongpoint of germany was its superior armor and it gets put up against post-wwii era vehicles and atgms making it 's armor not just useless but actually a problem since it slows them down .
not only that but the superior weaponry of its time is now near obsolete against the new types of armor .
just no one cares or says oh well then play differently .
thats not what the tiger ii for example was for .
i thought a sugar baby was a high end prostitute ?
there 's softwares but you 're in the wrong place .
i bet you 're young and ethical hacking is only allowed on this sub reddit .
i think your interpreting what i wrote as saying rts is better than tbs which is not what i am saying at all .
so in chess or any turn based strategy game there is practically 0 mechanical skill .
moving a piece and putting it somewhere is easy you just move it there .
being able to make moves quicker or more efficiently than your opponent does n't get you an advantage .
when you add a clock to chess there is some small benefit to being able to move your pieces quickly .
in an rts game where players make moves simultaneously the mechanical skill of the players is much more significant .
you could have a perfect strategy and unit composition but how good your units are also relies on your mechanics .
in chess or aw the units do a set amount of damage and the player can not influence that .
however in an rts a unit has the potential to do more or less based on the ability of the player controlling it .
so what you get in an rts is a combination of strategy and mechanics players need to have the right strategy but also need to control effectively to be able to win .
in a tbs the players focus solely on the correct strategy .
another layer of complexity is added when you introduce fog of war which is inherent in rts games and not always in tbs .
this allows players to bluff or cheese which you can not really do in the same manner in a game like chess .
so in an rts the game is more complex but the strategic element is less important than in a tbs because of the other factors that affect a players ability to win .
ill try to find a video with some people who explain it better but hopefully that explaination helps a bit
the game is beautiful wish it was 4k because my tv is big and u can see the lines really hard
am not trans myself but i have it from someone i know that gc2b are the best .
correct but the intent is to use every angle to slow it down .
great to see my boy ad finally getting the recognition he deserves spread your wings you sexy unibrow .
this submission was removed for breaking rule 3 reaction meme .
text-based reaction memes are only allowed on weekends saturday and sunday utc time https time.is/utc .
they are defined as any situation described in text followed by an image s showing that situation or the direct results of that situation .
i am a bot and this comment was made automatically however this submission was removed manually by a member of the mod team .
if you have any questions about this removal please contact the moderators through modmail .
perfect so using the firmware script to update it wo n't brake my install right ?
that bar is closed this year https old.reddit.com/r/jokes/search ? q=conspiracy+coincidence+bar restrict_sr=on sort=relevance t=all .
my dick still smells like your wife 's snatch .
your post has been removed because it breaks rule 3 please keep questions in the weekly questions thread .
it is stickied to the top of the subreddit and is refreshed every wednesday .
not what improvements i 'd like to see please do n't take away our ability to see in the first place .
my eyesight is horrible can that not be a thing anymore please .
i feel like it 's either gon na be a real tight game or they are gon na blow us out .
idk if they have anyone that can stop him .
our d-line needs to be super disciplined and not bite on the runs .
he 's obviously experienced a discrepancy between the song and how he thought it was .
this is actually the best way to bring it up now you do n't have people being influenced by the suggestion .
eu tinha um t1 arrendado no centro do porto por 300€ há 7 anos .
hoje não arranjas nada semelhante por menos de 600 o mesmo valor do ordenado mínimo .
demonstras uma total ignorância do que se passa na vida de muita gente em portugal .
eu saí para a alemanha e sei o que vivi no porto e o que amigos meus passam também com a subida cavalgante do preço m2 nos últimos anos .
é ridículo e é um problema que cada vez mais portugueses sentem na pele .
besides unlike smogon vgc rules are very permissive and even though i 'm not very aware of vgc rules i do n't think that very unhealthy mechanics are banned .
like there is no sleep clause no tier so everyone can just play non legendaries uber .
and i 'm not sure but i do n't even know ie ohko moves are banned .
overall vgc metagame is just less healthy and fun to play and watch than 6v6 or other meta games .
besides you ca n't even send replays of you match on switch and not everyone can record his switch .
my mom did n't have a problem explaining the legit terms and all but we always just called it the teetee '' growing up so idk if that 's better ?
at some point during college which i was already sucking at because i hated it and had no other option i was given the opportunity to make a great amount of cash being a software engineer something i enjoyed and was naturally good at beyond what this college would ever teach me .
my mom was okay with it but she was n't okay with it possibly interfering with my school .
during this job i actually started to do a little better in school and felt more motivated to go to class because i was doing something constructive that i enjoyed .
however my mom did n't like that i was still getting bs in the technical classes and that i was nearly failing the fucking bullshit gened classes especially that motherfucking psych class where 90 of your grade was based on 3 individual tests .
she started to give me an ultimatum so i said fuck it and decided to drop out of school .
my rent was 375 a month so i could save up a bunch of money and i could start paying back my 21,000 loan instead of letting it grow to 42,000 .
some parents need to fucking understand that if your kid is not happy they wo n't succeed .
my mom understood i was n't happy but instead of supporting the things i liked and trying to force me to go to therapy even after she found me sitting in the backyard grazing a kitchen knife over my left arm she took the things i liked away from me and just told me to work harder .
i 'm currently fighting depression and am at risk of losing my job because of this .
i have the job of my dreams have a fucking amazing apartment and had moved 2,000 miles away from home which i spent 5,000 of my own money doing and did it with a friend to be closer to one of my relatives yet i 'm still fucking depressed .
parents need to take a test before having or adopting kids .
i thought he was gon na write lyrics of darude sandstorm
part of the reddit community is hateful towards disempowered people while claiming to fight for free speech as if those people were less important than other human beings .
another part mocks free speech while claiming to fight against hate as if free speech was unimportant engaging in shady behaviour as if means justified ends .
the administrators of reddit are fully aware of this division and use it to their own benefit censoring non-hateful content under the claim it 's hate while still allowing hate when profitable .
their primary and only goal is not to nurture a healthy community but to ensure the investors ' pockets are full of gold .
because of that as someone who cares about both things free speech and the fight against hate i do not wish to associate myself with reddit anymore .
so i 'm replacing my comments with this message and leaving to ruqqus .
as a side note thank you for the r/linguistics and r/conlangs communities including their moderator teams .
you are an oasis of sanity in this madness and i wish the best for your lives .
i have a deep fear of going on ice like this .
i think it is similar to people being afraid of heights .
but i think it 's worth it every now and then when your skin really needs to be refreshed and dehydrated and clean .
facial is gentle on the skin but doesnt remove black/whiteheads .
my battery is at 95 percent and error came only once while i was resprignging via uncover ?
my point is that they could actually do something to make flying relevant rather than it just be a time gated convenience feature they 'd rather not have in the game anymore .
give 'em a false sense of security before you rip them a new one
this has occurred because your title has a keyword associated with commonly uncursed things for example food or t-posing or teletubbies etc .
if your submission is n't actually what you titled it submit it with a different title but read this post https www.reddit.com/r/cursedimages/comments/cysc7w/read_this_before_posting before doing so .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cursedimages if you have any questions or concerns .
ive heard it refered to as the dm hangover .
it might not hit right away but after a little while i notice it hurts to talk a bit and my brain feels used up .
a good hour or so of reflection and introspection helps me recover .
i 'm surprised at how many judgmental and unhelpful people are commenting here !
i went through private school and a great university and was n't taught jack sh*t about money and financing .
i taught myself and asked a crap ton on questions to very patient people .
my family felt the ground rumble and the house shake ... but i slept through it .
albania on the other hand is in a grave situation .
looks like we sent the army to provide help .
willing to be a mom to someone i got 1 little one and a 17 yr old kid myself for emotional support too .
like what is minimun wage vs average rent vs price of milk/bread
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
what is your feeling right after awaking from sleep ?
it is a shift of your state of mind .
definitely muscles are screaming to be highlighted and it will look on a different level !
also i would clean up the bronze part of the disk a little bit as it has some touches on light grin from the disc interior .
personally me would also highlight the teeth/claws/horns whatever this spikes in the disc are .
but with highlights it also looks good giving the aged effect .
the fan that comes with it is sf120r these are available separately so you can just buy another one .
i 've replaced mine entirely with a noctua nf-f12 and i 'm getting identical performance to the included fan but much quieter .
makes sense since their spec sheet is so similar .
i actually also want to have braces done and my dentist told me na pwede naman daw ako mag ceramics pero natatakot ako na hindi sya babagay sakin haha .
but great to hear about how it seemed to be a great investment for you !
maybe you could report it to r/bugs since you seem to be the only one with the problem .
that 's a brown bear they will fuck your shit up .
op is talking about martial skill you seem to refer to personal combat skill .
their martial is 61 which is insanely high even with jesus ' guidance .
using females '' as you did is offensive to many women and some non-women .
if you continue to use it you should do so knowing that many women will see it as a sign that you do not respect them .
it is understandable you were unaware of this one .
but now you are aware and you can choose whether or not you want to offend people .
you either pay for the abortion or tax dollars go towards paying for the child as such a person is almost certainly incapable of providing for themselves without assistance .
also people from troubled homes are more likely to commit crimes .
this is n't just about a womans rights it 's basically voluntary eugenics .
the goal should be that as far as is possible children should not be born except to committed couples prepared to raise children .
yeah my only thinking was that when people see lds polls dropping they would flock back to labour in order to try and beat the torys got ta love the two party system .
too late for lunatone lol i got ta breed or catch a vullaby and retrieve zamazenta from jobs first .
if you come across any others let me know !
all the armor of the armor and helmets i have tried have had spacer in the description
pretty sure it will be imposible to make his name in greek .
as far as i remember it was going to be a music platform of asia ?
i think it was a post linking to a translated article on twitter .
i 'll see if i can find it but might be tough .
this one says a deal that gives company 's more control of distribution on content ?
i can definitely see how marketing bts as the beatles of the digital era would help with these goals .
tell me more of these funny names i remember phaktanglung from kanchanjunga circuit
he seems like the pirlo type amazing distribution ... a true deep-lying playmaker probably a defensive liability .
he would make quite a different team from schmetzer 's current 'everybody defend ' style .
there 's a decent chance that the show will never actually reveal his secret and just let the viewer assume the worst since they probably ca n't get away with being like he 's a paedophile ''
unpopular opinion mbdtf most overrated album in his discography ye most underrated album in his discography .
i 'm prepared for the downvotes that 's why it is an unpopular opinion .
i just needed to get that off my chest .
sounds like he was trying to be kind by making it a position issue rather than rejecting you based on something more personal looks/age or whatever
its cheesy but try to have fun with it the drivers a person too so crack jokes talk tell stories just have fun !
it 's finally great to see a eu focused sports perfection on here it 's exactly what i was looking for !
i have one provider who has been solid but always in the market for a back-up .
and it turns out everyone except for you is a vampire .
the president 's personal attorney is on the president 's dime .
given the president 's business history it is at least possible rudy will never be paid at all .
i think if your pee is any of these colors you should go to the hospital
shine a light and be a beacon of hope .
she is still alive but much too old to cook a 3 course meal .
they have created an environment where people are scared to really speak out .
the pizzagate ordeal with the shooter julian assange imprisoned snowden asylum and now the whistleblower '' that trump wants brought to light .
hillary emails epstein suicide '' other very suspicious suicides '' or even murders of reporters or witnesses .
it all sinks into people that you dare not speak up and that our laws do n't apply to them .
one day we wo n't even be able to discuss it without repercussions .
yeah like how social media hashtags include a certain topic or movement made by someone .
i daily drove my modded c5z 435rwhp and it was fun but it 's a better weekend car in my opinion .
the new ones are probably better in terms of daily driving but i 'd still rather just keep one around as an early morning weekend toy .
you do n't get to stretch out the gears too much in a daily commute .
both are overkill but a zr1 is extreme overkill .
i would definitely thoroughly test one out though before buying .
that 's been a thing in other lime markets for a long time .
regular thunder storms and snowfall can cause flash flood warnings ans free warnings while the environment of california js naturally predisposed in the winter to be dry and start fires ...
but his and erin 's relationship stuff and his and andy 's and erin thing get a little too creepy or pathetic for me at times .
i think you clearly do n't know what majority means and truth is that majority dislike dungeoneering .
dungeoneering is trained via dailies mostly sinkholes and extended daily challenges .
that 's around 500k xp a day if you can constantly force dungeoneering dailies .
there are 10755 people with 200m dungeoneering right now and if you look at hiscores most of those players do n't even play anymore and are n't active members .
how many people have it 200m xp does n't mean anything when majority of those players are n't active members and skill has band-aid 500k xp/day activity that takes about 20 minutes to complete .
once yes dungeoneering was popular because it was different but now it sucks specially if you are forced to do it solo .
i thought we were all given a color at birth and mine was red so i bought a bunch of expensive red pillows and put them over anything blue i could find in my house .
i bought some red sunglasses so that everything i looked at turned red .
then i thought that i had to go spread the color around to scare off all the blue and green people .
i might be missing something but this does n't do that ?
it gives playoff odds and lets you play around with playoff scenarios .
why do you think we can not have our own space and self defense ?
my point was that if they do not budge and continue at this hostile pace the people will have no choice but to lash out violently as in chile .
if they refuse to even allow the people even a little peace and happiness there will be a backlash and they will be made to pay for their crimes against humanity .
my comment about the guillotine is not something i want it 's the logical conclusion of capitalists refusing to accept that they are not invincible .
the tremor one with headshots was bugged so i opted to do it a different way .
all of the other quests in regards to kills were done legitimately .
not trying to school you but tell your gf to check out r/abrathatfits .
she 's likely a larger number than ddd and wearing the wrong bra .
i thought i was that a few years ago turned out i was an i cup and now my life is changed by wearing a properly fitted bra .
but it 's a huge disservice to not play them in chronological order .
nah they have a pg rating to appeal to more lucrative sponsors .
my solution was to only use 1-2 in combat at a time .
to keep turns short and to stop myself from being op af .
he actually went and tried to do research and found a study that helps bolster the very claim he 's flabbergasted by .
but he did n't read enough to know what he was citing .
that 's why he 's so addicted to harassing me and trying to obfuscate the issues .
floundering to attack me as if it can dismiss the facts .
why does he whip his neck like that ? ?
someone start tracking yang polling higher with comcast stock decreases ... stat
idk what fc you worked at but the rates at mine were 400 for light items 250 for medium and 150 for heavy .
you generally had to be around 300 overall even though they did n't care if you had heavys all night or you would hear about it from the tier 3s .
we need it for where we are in the standings even with our games in hand
this is so heartbreaking and i ca n't do anything about it ' reminds me of an older fascist state ... .
i am always by myself when i start feeling like this .
i will sometimes go and sit in my parents room if they are still awake just so i am not by myself .
he 's just asking a question but so far all the targets has been asian .
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/bountyico stepchain app now available to download in google play store https www.reddit.com/r/bountyico/comments/e40hfc/stepchain_app_now_available_to_download_in_google
r/crypto_investments stepchain app now available to download in google play store https www.reddit.com/r/crypto_investments/comments/e5bttf/stepchain_app_now_available_to_download_in_google
r/u_bdfoysalhossai stepchain app now available to download in google play store https www.reddit.com/r/u_bdfoysalhossai/comments/e34hfr/stepchain_app_now_available_to_download_in_google
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
what the fuck was up with the scene where christian walks into the chicken coop after impregnating the red head and there appears to be giant ticks on whoever was hanging there .
also mentioned at the beginning with their weird shoehorned in tick conversation ?
that mobo has a no-cpu bios flash so you do n't need a cpu but a max is still easier .
i did one of those large tubs of ice cream in about 30 minutes before .
i think it was probably north of 4000 calories .
so if i mixed it up with other actual food i 'd say 15,000-20,000 should be pretty easy with 24 hours .
ive tried all the gunz on the dummys and its hard to compare it to real applications .
for example the alternator is a absolute beast if you hit every shot and can hip fire from twice the range the r99 can and second best is prowler .
but when a target is moving the r99 is pretty awesome .
even if you only get half the clip in them .
the longbow is more dps but slightly more clunky and if you miss a shot its harder to recover where as the scout can miss and its almost no prob .
both can take out all 3 dummys in one magazine fairly quickly
then come to daddy let me fuck your brains out
i think there 's a big difference here between what you said and what i think you mean .
you would n't stop being attracted to your boyfriend you just would n't be as attracted to his appearance at the changes .
the idea that someone has to love everything just because it 's about their so is silly .
i adore the fuck out of my husband but if he shaved his head i would n't be as attracted to him as i am the way he looks now .
but i would n't stop being attracted to him all together .
the roommate and the girlfriend should only have to pay for the room they use .
just divide the utilities evenly so it 's fair .
r/progun should be on the fbi watchlist nothing but domestic terrorists in that sub .
me when my doctor asks how i got dick cancer
i definitely will do that on my next order .
i read that wegobuy is quite popular right now .
it was n't until college that i realise pokemon at least gen 1 names have meanings e.g .
ekans is snake backwards arbok is a cobra butterfree is a play on butterfly etc. .
i 'd just learnt them as a kid this name goes with this critter and never thought beyond that .
it was set 4 times already and they still have n't fought .
i think calico is my favorite manufacturer solely for how ridiculous all their guns look .
i have a friend in harrisburg i can stay with !
even if i ca n't you guys totally should get together !
why do you seem so desperate to ignore the truth ?
i see i think i wanted to do to much .
in http stevenlow.org/how-to-program-for-advanced-isometric-movements-after-a-plateau http stevenlow.org/how-to-program-for-advanced-isometric-movements-after-a-plateau you are talking about 1 primary exercise planche leans or iso and a 2nd with pppus.do you think the leans/iso can be replaced by adv.tuck planche pushups with like you said a 1-2s hold every rep ?
or will adv.tuck pu and pppus are redundant too ?
i 'll pair pistol and calf raises with some fl and/or planche
adv.tuck fl rows with 1-2sec hold each rep adv.tuck planche pushups with 1-2sec hold each rep
adv.tuck fl raises and negatives pppus with 1-2sec hold each rep
deadlift i do n't know how it 's called but on dips bar rising your body to be in adv.tuck planche position
i took 3min rest between exercices and 1min30sec between sets and i thought that if i put the legs block between the 2 first exercises it will let me rest more to not loose quality on the exercises .
oh my god actually ? ! ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ! ? ?
well they do spawn naturally 9 in total now even though it 's not a natural village .
but they walk to the library and then stay there .
i 've pushed them out but they go back again .
get montmo to level 50 to start the specialty change then you 'll do some questing around ezera and it should n't be too long .
the main benefit of aramintha in pve is her attack buff and reliable source of unhealable .
burns can do a crapton of damage when stacked up and some mechanics count of debuffs which she 's great for .
her stun is kinda whatever though she is sneakily good in arena below challenger .
the high tolerance made flower borderline not enjoyable much less the pen until i got a new cart .
the whole experience is so much nicer without concentrates involved .
just when thanksgiving in america is literally this week .
i 'll draw something to show how hurt he is
you think the word sex is still too sexy for tbms ?
maybe this is just because i grew up here though lmao only ever been one beach that i like going to .
actually her scaling is good off her passive it 's just not as good off items .
i mean you can scale your range infinitely and even outrange towers not to mention free ad and crit .
plus a highspeed global ult to ks anytime someone on the enemy team gets low .
it wo n't let me split screen 2 players on local either
you can dress emo for work and if they fire you you can sue them for discrimination
being a master 's candidate does n't make her immune to being wrong and corrected for it .
the referendum is n't being ignored what have we been doing for the last 3 years if that were the case ?
what you may have wanted or expected to happen upon a given result is irrelevant .
one might expect the result of the 2015 election to be the winning party implementing its manifesto over a 5 year period .
but that was merely an expectation not a legal requirement and calling for another election in 2017 and 2019 is not traitorous just as standing for election on the basis that you will revoke article 50 or have a second referendum is not .
the legal result has taken place and everything else is merely a matter of the public expressing their view on how politicians then act .
if we consider the game already features sexual dimorphism it is safe to assume they look manly .
i love reading stories about false hydras ... it is n't an old dnd monster but god damn if it is n't iconic .
i prob would have got bored and quit with no ironman mode .
or you know play the game every other generations so it is as if one can pretend gf dishes out one game only once every few years .
nobody is forcing others to buy every mainline game .
while i am not trying to dismiss people 's genuine concern about the series for releasing too often not releasing so often will probably make people think pokemon is giving up console and decides to focus on mobile gaming instead .
imagine what the fans would speculate if there were only pokemon masters news in the february direct and then realized how money grabbing it was actually .
the problem here is that even given enough time gf just doesnt have the skills of aaa companies to deliver the quality we expect in this decade on consoles .
this is pretty true for most japanese gaming companies except outliers like capcom .
i agree but it 's important to keep in mind that animations are an important part of conveyance in league .
change them too much and you give people a real advantage .
if the only way is up until we reached a level of hardcore competitive gameplay the only way is going down somehow .
no one can play like in a world championship forever all the time when you actually just want to have fun playing a game .
i guess let me be the first in this thread to say i appreciate this .
great fight back in the third period finally switched on .
kempe oh boy this man 's on a 'fuck r/losangeleskings ' mission i 'm liking this new kempe .
kopitar i have n't mentioned because i expect him to play at this level he 's a fucking superstar for a reason .
coupled with point 1 where the fuck were we for the first 40 minutes ?
despite scoring late on the 2nd last powerplay it was fucking dreadful tonight .
they deserved to be boo 'd on the powerplay .
it 's actually not too hard to hit the people in choppers one this game .
this post appears to relate to the province of quebec .
as a reminder of the rules of this subreddit we do not permit negative commentary about all residents of any province city or other geography this is an example of prejudice and prejudice is not permitted here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/canada if you have any questions or concerns .
the ravens running game is going to meatgrind our defense right down the field and they 'll score easily and chew clock .
our offense will then need to score on almost every single possession .
we have n't been that team for awhile now and with the way our 3rd down play-calling has gone with reid this year i 'm not optimistic it 's going to change .
so those of you that missed out you did n't miss out on anything .
your post has been removed as it violates our rules .
no asking for upvotes in any way shape or form .
that includes petitions 'can we get this to lwiay ' and similair phrases .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pewdiepiesubmissions if you have any questions or concerns .
oh nice i did n't realize it was only 20 .
that plus another game sounds like a great idea !
i would n't count out the bears if hicks is playing and lions are still a threat if stafford is playing .
i would still have packers to win those games but they are n't the redskins .
all that said i also have packers going 12-4 this year .
no you ca n't be here i just sent you back to the future
i know you did send me back to future but i 'm back i 'm back from the future
if changing clothes in front of someone is torture then do is having to piss in front of someone for a drug test .
was it a bad thing to put her through ?
while it may work it comes with significant risks .
i ask because a benzo should provide some good evidence to implicate or potentially eliminate nerve/muscle causes .
what 's a good way to tell homophobic people let 's say your parents you 're bi ? ''
they did a good job making it feel goddamn powerful .
i was gon na say tajiri but then i remembered his short-lived faction with akio and sakota .
refresh my memory was he a full-fledged heel during the invasion ?
i just remember him being regal 's goofy non-english-speaking sidekick .
skadi 's still a while away but i 'd imagine this debate will pop up a lot in the future .
terragroup were so preoccupied with whether or not they could they did n't stop to think if they should .
yeah since mickey d controls both locally and globally job markets completely relevant actually .
and buddy it deals with a lot of other stuff too .
'' accusing jewish citizens of being more loyal to israel or to the alleged priorities of jews worldwide than to the interests of their own nations . ''
edited to add context from my reply below as i see i 'm being downvoted
because the op 's wikipedia source has absolutely no footnote of its own and i can find no evidence that he was a representative of the interests of the israeli government .
in fact the only places that i can find this assertion repeated are on vaguely anti-semitic blogs .
like fuck off 1300€ for a 2080ti when 2080 super is just a bit slower but half the price ?
adidas delayed shipping them for a week then fedex pushed my delivery date from monday to wednesday .
a man who got popular on early youtube used his fame to attract young women who he lured into living with him mistreated mentally and sexually abused them broke up lured back smeared online and made them scared of his online fanbase hate mob to silence them .
he filmed and bullied coerced them into being in his videos he shared everything .
many of them actually came to be with his spouse and ended up being pressured into a threesome .
one of his victims had a miscarriage due to severe stress sleeping in the hallway for months because he got tired of her crying when he ignored her to watch anime rape porn and locked her out of the bed room sleeping on the floor while pregnant with his child .
she ended up going home to canada to get the deceased baby out and he lured her back again .
another he spent ages breaking down her sense of self banning feminine clothes shaving her head mid sex session by stopping and dragging her to the bathroom to grab the shaver .
he convinced her she was too fat to pick up and have sex with unlike the hentai girls he desired and left her to suffer a stress induced seizure alone triggering memory loss .
he filmed and published her suffering from seizure memory loss and disorientation never once calling an ambulance .
she still has seizures he left her with brain damage .
one victim only escaped being pushed to suicide because he called the cops after she had a mental break down and her mum collected her from a mental ward and took her out of the county hiding her passport until the brainwashing wore off .
one of wife now husband 's girlfriends came to stay .
he pressured them into being intimate before the girlfriend was ready controlled their kissing and touching like a director ended up pushing for threesomes and then trying to make it so he could fuck the girlfriend alone and when his spouse got upset that he 'd done that he ran from room to room playing messenger and controlling the conversation until it was the girl at fault .
then he made the girlfriend sign a contact to stay for another week so he could gaslight her into staying cleaning up their house minding their kids and being a fucktoy .
he and his spouse lured a troubled teenage fan to live with them promising a safe environment in return for helping baby sit the kids .
people online started worrying that he was grooming the girl sarah so he could have sex with her when she was an adult .
he made her tell the world that nothinh was going on by making her feel like she was causing her hosts undeeded trouble and he treated her cruelly to prove he was n't interested .
when she turned 18 he had sex with her and she was kicked out soon after .
he 's clearly an abusive mentally ill man with almost no impulse control and no real sense of self always trying to be what he thinks will make him happy .
he seems to thinks that life is a weird social roleplay game where everyone is lying just like him but being unfair by calling him out .
he actually thinks mental illnesss and sexuality is a choice .
he thinks he 's the hero of his own drama .
he 's very sick in the head and he has everyone sucked in to his bullshit .
when he runs out of power and influence because he ca n't control things anymore and acting more crazy is n't making people laugh his bullshit off any more he 's going to implode .
for tradings pokemon exchanges raid battles online with other people or whatever you need in a chat visit our discord
or go to the trading thread on this sub trading masterpost https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonswordandshield/comments/dwvf0f/trading_and_exchange_pokemon_sword_shield_versions
megapost with all the guides tricks tips and secrets .
map with all raids in the wild area https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonswordandshield/comments/dydc3y/here_is_a_map_of_the_wild_area_with_all_raid_den
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemonswordandshield if you have any questions or concerns .
plus no one is saying she was n't there the whole night .
if she went away she would be a suspect immediately
tell them reasons u would date him even if u would n't acc date him .
first some demographic surveys show that this sub does n't skew as young as you might think and second 55 of the province voted ucp .
a very high portion of young people must have voted for them .
wow that 's cheap i 've never known one less than a whole months rent .
gone are the days of the landlord deciding what you get back and from what i 've seen these independent holders are quite happy to knock back any claims made without evidence
the body of late hussein chalhoub has arrived in his hometown teir fliseh on tuesday .
the deceased 's convoy was welcomed by a huge crowd of official and popular figures from teir fliseh and neighboring villages .
she must have really badly wanted to tell some people that she was from cork .
he 's just being a dick for no reason not everyone was able to see it on twitter so this post will benefit someone do n't mind him
if you could just hand it to them why did n't you use it yourself ?
its not just matter of cfm but number of heat pipes how they are attached size of the heat pipes and fin density .
a high end air cooler like the dark rock pro 4 or noctua nhd15 perform equal to a 240mm aio
edit other things that factor in are the room temp radiator size for liquid cooling fluid used for liquid cooling how well the case is ventilated and noise level .
i often go back to bloodline 4d rift paradigm .
the shipping is n't free but it 's as good as .
thanks for this link this might be my next purchase ...
i think i can probably even convince santa to get me some black and some coloured !
you can see the blue mouse movements and my character standing still hence why i thought i was stunned https gyazo.com/00ba60af9e38578770d621f4ff48ccdd https gyazo.com/00ba60af9e38578770d621f4ff48ccdd my d key clearly pressed well before malphite touches me .
but in any case just thought that me smashing my keyboard was funny
i swear sir i didnt mean to put this whole jar of jelly up my ass .
make sure you find good friends in the harder subjects you do .
in my opinion nothing will boost your grade more than finding other motivated students that you can learn with and teach each other .
and that is the meaning of the watermark so no one takes the skin and use it without permission
i 've felt that exact way about my own studies when i was at both college and uni .
like academia was n't what i was cut out for but the subjects themselves were deeply interesting to me .
if we are anything alike then you 'll find that you grow in unexpected ways through these challenges and that academia is n't the minefield it seems at a glance .
college teaches many lessons over time that 'll come to be second nature .
and once you start to see that sometimes you have to prioritise one thing over the other missing that other opportunity wo n't seem as bad .
sometimes you 'll be wrong and that is entirely fine as well .
if you were right for the start it meant you knew everything from the start which you ca n't always do .
if you genuinely feel like you can spend a day on other things than studying and still get work done in time then do that .
you feel these feelings because you want to succeed .
i used to tell myself to breathe through to breeze through '' .
if your head starts spinning close your eyes take a deeeeeep breath .
clarendon park i saw this posted in the fb group for the area earlier !
not sure how i still got 7 points out of this but i 'll take that !
was on a great streak a while ago and downloading that messed me up and led me to break .
thank you for censoring that swear word on this christian sub my mum checks my phone
i think you need to talk to her and ask her what she wants from you
silently get to anything that can be used as weapon for defence purposes since i 'm a witness now .
how the hell did they manage to copyright the symbol ?
i was n't huge on devourment up until this dropped .
the production and instrumentation almost feels like defeated sanity but has a much more disgusting cadence .
slamming riffs have n't sounded this tasteful in a minute i think .
johnny cash promoted atm machines when they were first launched in canada in the 80 's
arthur has his own personality and he will awake in the next chapters .
also merlin never loved arthur and escanor she just cared about them in a different ways .
i currently play in high gold but only after a climb that lasted 4 seasons from 1100 to 2490 .
ana my first main and one of the more difficult supports to get the hang of .
great when tanks are expected to take large amounts of damage .
baptiste rarely needed as bunker comps and pirate ship are n't seen as much since i climbed .
brigitte rarely used due to the strength and abilites of other heroes that are preferred .
lucio a great asset when it comes to the speed boost and a large aoe with heals .
mercy often used when team comps are more suited towards her play style more need for single target heals dps heavy styled comp with hammond instead of shield
moira currently an incredibly viable pick due to her aoe heals and solo heal strength
zen is the only support not on my support roster .
i have not yet got the hang of his projectile speed or a good grab on his discord orbs .
even though i 'm high gold i believe i can play these heroes with confidence that i 've only gained after a large amount of time spent learning each one .
focus on one hero to climb from there branch out with the others and learn their different playstyles .
positioning is n't as important in the lower ranks .
it can still get you killed but you need to play for the rank you 're in not the rank you think you should be .
and the mods that you can install can make the game look nicer !
i do this for a not-for-profit autism education training project i work for we set up a moodle that links to our website with free courses available within .
we went the moodle option because we need to record user activity for reporting purposes but you could otherwise just have courses available on your website created in articulate or captivate .
look up some common dances or if you have any other friends going just ask them what you think you should learn .
in america at least no one really dances at the ones i 've been to .
it 's awkward grinding slow dancing two step side to side because no one normally knows how to and people just jumping around .
unless it 's a widely accepted most people know that dance most of which are throw backs cha cha slide cupid shuffle gangnam style cotton eye joe then they end up in lines dancing together .
do n't worry about looking awkward or being a tree trunk .
this is a weird video https youtu.be/zikqsdlzqwy i just found trying to find something to help it shows some simple dance moves that look like you know what you 're doing that a lot of other people will be doing too probably .
unless it 's a formal then you 'll want to look up slow dancing tutorials ask a friend to practice with you !
usually a bad idea to attack it but hey if you must ...
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
a cursed comment is any comment that strikes the reader into oblivion .
upon seeing a cursed comment your first reaction should be among the lines of what the f k did i just read ?
? while leaving you speechless at the same time .
incomprehension of the comment just read or the blatant gruesomeness of it should be enough to not only make you feel mystified but also to draw a smile on your face .
your comment in your post does not reflect that .
if you feel that your post was removed in error or are unsure about why this post was removed then please contact us through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcursedcomments .
ooh i 've just had a look at this and it 's really good !
i 've been trying to make a little pattern but to get the detail on other programs i 've had to make it way too big but this seems better
in less legalistic wording you/your company did n't invent it so you do n't have a right to a patent but the person/the company who did can assign it to you/your company so that you would own the patent .
i do n't see ctv london news content anywhere on the app .
start with quick ball then ultra balls until you die .
my friend has like 5 shinies from weekly boxes i got my first last week after year and a half of not missing a day of research stamps ...
'can we expect to see grandchildren before we are dead ? '
youtube marketing gets me far better than facebook also facebook is a dying platform for boomers .
even from the start the 200 million seemed nothing more than an oh cork exists '' type funding .
it 's a pitiful amount of money to spend on public transport in a 20 year plan .
the fact that nothing has been done yet only lends further truth to it
it 's not that they have n't done that recently it just has n't been the focus .
court of owls is a very gothic horror detective story and that was n't too long ago .
but of course that 's just one part of snyder 's run .
just need a psp go and you 'll be good !
thank you they advised that the file did n't write properly unfortunately .
she gets help with the baby 3 days a week from the baby 's father which beats any sole custody arrangement .
legal things aside as long as he 's in range of the baby monitor it 's as if he was home .
no different than sleeping in a different room than the baby .
if the baby monitor stops working you 're f\*cked anyway unless you 're close enough to physically hear the baby .
the goal is to keep it from spreading to the collection
and i thought ph reddit is the more sensible and aware when it comes to fake news as seen in the previous posts even too they fall gullible to it and some of them trying to hide it through sarcastic comments
how is offering a service you have to seek out and pay for predatory ?
guessing maybe that 's sarcasm and i just missed it ?
not sure how accurate it is but a quick search for his net worth returned 900k 1m so definitely not all the money in the world .
she has some fucking nerve hitting that dude over and over again and expecting nothing to happen to her .
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
please review our guidelines on what is acceptable as proof .
if you intend to submit public proof https www.reddit.com/r/iama/wiki/index please edit a link to your proof into your current post and message the moderators by clicking here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fiama subject=post 20review 20request message=i 20have 20added 20proof 20to 20my 20post 20please 20review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0a/r/iama/comments/e2ejir/iam_a_determined_man_who_needs_help_getting_into .
this must be proof a reasonable person believes verifies your claims .
the mods strongly encourage you to provide public proof .
if you absolutely can not provide public proof you can work with the moderation team to confidentially verify proof of your topic or subject .
for information on how to submit confidential proof please click here https www.reddit.com/r/iama/wiki/index .
please keep in mind it may take substantially longer to approve confidential proof compared to public proof .
if you believe you have received this message in error or have another question please message the mods by clicking here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/iama if you have any questions or concerns .
speaking as a general human being why not just ask your friends to pray for you in their own way ?
ok thanks for responding kindly i finally understood since quite a lot of people replied with reasonable answers .
we are actually going to try to make it tonight !
you do n't get any events in your second season .
see this is what i find reassuring from entrepreneurs .
sure we look at their billionaire status and at times rail against the idiosyncrasies of their wealth .
and yet there are those who are active in producing new tech for people around the world to use .
i would have never guessed that bill gates was involved in creating a toilet .
btw that bottle of 'human waste ' he 's holding bare handed looks pretty damn grungy .
i hope it is a stage prop or has been dipped in some powerful cleaner/disinfectant .
my first raid on woods this wipe i was working on picnic shootout .
droped him with my mosin and rnded up dying to his goons but not before i could secure his stash key at least .
the beautiful thing about mathematica is that i 've literally have not found a single thing that matlab does that wolfram could not .
the only problem is if you 're really out in the weeds documentation becomes scarce .
its normal tap water which is filtered using kent water purifier inline carbon inline sediment and uf and then it is boiled .
do remmeber ... eventually the wolf did actually come .
yo it makes sense that they were censoring it at the time though .
they want as little people knowing about it before they can patch it otherwise it fucks the game more .
i hated the first episode with all the racist based stuff my reply is somewhere is this thread but i have just watched the rest and it takes a significant improvement
and the stuff with ozymandias the guy from the 1st episode naked using the typewriter is really good and more interesting story
the heavy handed racism stuff takes a back seat in the later episodes as the mystery it setup unfolds
i 'm kinda scared to find out what we will have to do to get these stones
your submission has been removed as it appears to be part of the autumn sale https redd.it/e21qp1 .
please share deals as a comment in the existing thread .
if this is not a part of that sale such as a new release discount please contact the moderators to reapprove .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamedeals if you have any questions or concerns .
is n't dismissing the contribution of the frankfurt school on these kinds of grounds simply ideological ?
without openness and curiosity we set our minds towards the paranoid pure communism at any cost of stalin .
i mean the frankfurt school are n't even reducible to one kind of thought .
benjamin is completely different than adorno who 's completely different than horkheimer .
rather than purging ideology which to be honest is as naive as purging politics from assemblies .
it must be faced understood and engaged with as it is most powerful when it is hidden or obscured i 'd suggest applying deleuze .
create the things you need to see in the world .
you are n't obligated to write a single word about something you hate .
in fact any critique by negation is wasted effort .
it will never convince and never move an assembly towards liberation case in point you have n't convinced me at all by your critique and probably wo n't considering i 've read frankfurt school writers and you appear to have read frankfurt school conspiracy theory .
rather it raises the spirit of nihilism and sad power .
if liberatarianism is truly aimed at liberation then it 's focus should be on making everyone more capable of increasing their powers of action and ability to affect and be affected .
no he acted as though he did n't want to fucking bother and had attitude that i would even ask .
i explained i felt that they would more likely answer the phone in their room than an unknown number on a cell phone .
just because a customer says to call when such n such does not mean they ever pick up and i end up having to text instead which the added time to type out the message and wait for a reply that may or may not come that happens too it just seemed i could avoid that aggravation .
the front desk person was having none of that .
so congratulations you fucked yourself out of a rewards card
you need to tell her to go die first .
if that exact person does n't comment on this post with a link to the op then i 'm fucking done with reddit
tl dr it 's not really an achievement for them to put up with assholish behaviour because they are causing it in the first place .
it 's not a child 's fault it can not be and with decent parents children are n't assholes .
i actually realised what an asshole i was when i met a dog trainer .
it 's not in our culture to seek professional advice about children but with dogs if it does n't behave you go to a trainer .
and my friend was also interested in human psychology which was how we met and his opinion was very simple .
people could n't handle their pets because they were weak emotionally immature .
they would want and expect love from their pet and if the did n't get it they would get sad and respond with hurting their pets feelings .
like when they would walk in the park they would n't let the dog loose as a punishment .
and then they would complain oh i 'm feeding it and bla bla why does n't it love me back '' .
while in reality dogs should be treated with strength and dominance .
i never understood what it meant untill i recalled something from my childhood .
i ran on the street were cars are you know .
a parent do n't remember exactly who that was called me back and when i came it was something like slap never slap run slap in front slap of traffic '' which was n't painfull at all but the point was that there was no emotional manipulation or any usual shit like if you do n't come back i wo n't buy you a toy '' there were no hard feelings after the fact and no demand for me to say how sorry i am .
and i never ran in from of traffic again btw .
for some reason when it comes to the rest of life it 's always complains manipulations offended feelings and so on .
is this really parent ' fault for being like that .
probably not they are like that because of their parents .
and i probably could be ok with my parents still having dinners and celebrations with them sometomes but never did they admit they did anything wrong .
on the contrary they are always the best and i 'm so ingreatfull and i need to make it up to them and when i have my own children i will understand how mistaken i am now and so on .
so is it really dogs/child 's fault for being an asshole ?
is it parents ' achievement to out up with that ?
it ca n't be both merit and diversity without lessening the significance of both .
the moment you start scoring on skin color and ethnicity and gender you have diluted the talent pool because you 've excluded candidates based on diversity qualifications they do n't have .
not even a sleep timer is not available on yt music which is essential for me for bed time songs .
it should be noted that i am a premium family plan user .
it 's actually based in the ice queen '' fairytail and not in a porn star
apples are what you 've been told to eat but then again what has that done for you lately ?
yeah those ones you say are low mileage in my opinion they are very well made sports cars that can handle people pushing them and also people tend to look after them .
i have a ttrs brought used with 30,000km and up to 50,000km now not a single problem with regular services .
just check the service books and make sure the previous owner has done right by the vehicle .
his stats are n't that different from recent units .
it 's his amazing kit that makes him stand out .
please do your best to respond to commenters as they take the time and effort to read your post and give you advice .
if a commenter provides advice that is helpful please respond to the comment with the word '' helped '' anywhere in your comment .
this will give the commenter an advice point which will show that the commenter is a helpful member of this subreddit .
you can respond to as many comments as you want and we encourage it if they help you even a little bit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/advice if you have any questions or concerns .
my logic says hot '' water from gpu will cool cpu worse but i guess it 's just a matter of cooling capacity
i did n't call you dumb what are you talking about ?
i curse thee with life long love and free muffins every monday .
no i rarely watch anything a second time however i do need a certain mood to watch a full movie instead of shorter shows .
it has the zelda name but it does not play like traditional zelda at all which led to many fans '' criticising it for what it 's not .
i would argue that botw could have even benefited if it was a completely new and separate ip because it 's an excellent game .
maybe a nice hard cock instead of the plug though ?
i had put up a vote at my group and the chosen girls are arum and yena
altho idk how yena is ara ara material i guess it works
is the cross on your neck keeping your true self bound to the netherworld ?
like how it was your first time in detail ?
sick combos love the b2 into jump kick combo finisher .
i decided to do a bit of follow up reading on your comment and found this https www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/7n0wwe/til_apes_dont_ask_questions_while_apes_can_learn ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share link that i thought was pretty interesting
that y is a timeseries object and not an array/matrix .
if you look at the dimensions it says 1x1 which should hint that the data inside can not be directly referenced .
to use the data array you need to use y.data if it 's a 1-dimensional array if not you 'll have to provide further indexing in brackets .
easiest way to work this out would be to double-click the object on your workspace and view its contents .
you will see there is a field called data where you can see the actual data values .
the iran deal was good but that 's gone now .
i love it i was n't going to push this season because of how aids it is but after this change i 'm gon na try pushing🙂
if we think it 's bas for some people to have the enormous power accorded to them by being a billionaire then how can we argue that some people should be worth over £100m without even working for it at all ?
i recently read about the spanish lottery where people buy parts of a ticket which are effectively allotted to a certain area .
it 's the largest lottery in the world apparently called el gordo .
the jackpot on the ticket might be hundreds of millions but it gets split between a few people so you not only have the money spread out a bit but it will enrich that town suddenly having 20 millionaires or whatever .
many people are employed by other people not wanting to do things themselves .
well the momoland sajaegi scandal was just last year .
there 's been loads of other idol sajaegi accusations before then as well because sajaegi itself is not a new problem .
yeah i should be able to maintain top 10 tl if i can log in with time but if i ca n't do timeline today i will slip from top 10 to top 30 which is a 20 crystal loss .
it will be hilarious if he actually gets away with executing someone in front of the cops .
tabling events target crowded areas so it 's up to the hustle confidence .
i am not the most extroverted to walk up to strangers but i 'll still yang some people .
most people do n't know who andrew is so it 's easy conversation to introduce someone they do n't know about .
be the number 1 thing to keep the thousands of players invested in the game 🤣 that doesnt make since ... like its cool .
but i can get all that from nostalgic engrams .
refusal to apologize or acknowledge the problem in his party .
we loved your submission here u go but it has been removed because we no longer allow such short titles .
we want a little bit more hopefully with some context .
this makes using the search function much more effective .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wholesomememes if you have any questions or concerns .
the issue is it 's really not that different from real shit people say and mean on here
well it 's up to the lobby if they were hunting me down i change the spawn after i get the hatr or the the second uav if not i just be more careful .
when i got it on fringe nightfall i was in grandma 's house and when they started to come by numbers lol
i went to behind the cylinders and was constantly dropping c4s in the house till i got the hatr then i went to the red barn
more like inquisitive supportive or genuinely interested in people especially those far removed from her general day-to-day .
the opposite of thinking the world revolves around you .
sid meier 's civilization beyond earth is civ in alien planets .
not as good as other civ games imo but it fits your request .
yeah i 've realized having differents outfits makes sense for the agent but that imperial officer gear is so damn good .
yikes i 'm 21 and i could n't make something even remotely similar lmao .
lol where is explosion after first touch gas station ?
parenting is hard and it is impossible to always make the right decisions .
often you even do things that you do n't realize have a significant impact on your child .
life is busy and you just do stuff to make things easier .
they often tell me that looking back they would have done things differently .
they did n't notice that i was severely depressed before i was in high school .
i could blame them but they did n't know any better .
they had never encountered mental illness and i was good at hiding it .
you have the right to feel disgruntled about your upbringing it is your experience after all .
but your dad is right he was most likely doing the best he could .
just like you will do the best you can if you ever want to have kids .
i do n't think you would really wish parents that wants you to be the best at everything .
i 'm guessing you would have other issues with that .
that you want to be together and do things is probably the sentiment i would try to convey to your parents .
be proactive if there is no food in the fridge go buy groceries .
maybe get a board game and ask if they want to play .
when you are younger it often seems like you have to do certain things college and whatnot now or you will have a bad life with no opportunities .
you are still very young and have your whole life ahead .
this is not a race some people find their careers when they are 30 i just finished my master at age 30 and i was far from the oldest others when they are 40 .
you do n't have to have figured everything out right now .
i did that on a store gift card macy 's ?
where i scratched off just the 3-digit pin with the unclicked-tip of a retractable pen .
that works a little too well it turns out .
i had one job and i fucked it all the way up . ''
i did n't need a refund just the pin which luckily was nbd .
engaging story lots of content great combat simple to play but has a lot of depth .
it 's different from the games mention but i feel it 's a similar game is the aspect you can get completely lost and immersed in the game .
i got you i 'm a writer myself and have done very well in contests and school assignments .
i mean i understand that there are some loose strings especially with arthur damn i always forget him like if he was a totally unimportant character that was talked about like he is the savior but never actually did something ... .
but come one they beat the freaking demon king .
you cant justify any villain being stronger than the demon king yes he was actually a pushover but you know what i mean without anyone ever mentioning him before .
at least the reviews are accurate and out there unlike the pillars of eternity fiasco
is it harder to get a mic for consoles ?
just because you do n't like what they 're reporting it does n't necessarily follow that they 're biased .
asking the correct spelling of a word followed by the word spelled out .
the way you 're telling it you 're completely in the right to ask for more money obviously .
but it 's almost impossible to get food and drinks for every meal for less than a dollar a meal unless you eat ramen and drink tap water for every meal .
does anyone else think this is a good suggestion ?
i need to find this thing and it 's kind of like a titan aero heatsink except it 's absolutely definitely not a titan aero heatsink .
also it 's not a heatsink. attach photo of a featureless black blob
it was one of my favorite hikes years back when i still lived there .
if anyone goes and this should n't even have to be said but do not walk on the fucking fallen tree .
det plejer at være på grund af arveretten men der kan jo også være andre grunde .
i really hope that u r joking because i am a support main and i have all support skins and i want both soraka skins too .
if its true what you are saying i wil be making a ticket the 12th of decemeber because i want them both .
riot wants to make monney and i want the skins so they should supply what the costumer wants atleast for the skins that come out at that time
if you do n't have money for a turkey you can go the japanese route and get some fried chicken .
he woke up about 2 hours ago and seems to be doing alright .
there was some kind of black rubber bit stuck in his small intestines .
they managed to push it back to his stomach and remove it .
saved it for me so i can try to identify it tomorrow .
i will also be getting a phone call tomorrow with an update .
i 'm excited to reunite them tomorrow or the next day .
psa rewards can be picked up until 30th of november .
this is the most stupid thing i have ever seen .
not sure if i 'll be able to come ahead of time but what a nice invite .
the five-seven is such an amazing pistol they did buff it couple of months ago at least for what i 'm aware of .
i pretty much use it all the time i do prefer the five-seven instead of the cz since it 's more reliable in my opinion and at the same time i prefer it to the p250 sometimes quick fire rates without spamming fire '' and taking your time to tap fairly quick makes it a gorgeus gun to use
and i misread brazzer and thought you were speaking about p**n
a pro gamer uses savage lynel crushers to kill lynels to get even more savage lynel crushers to then be able to smash ore deposits
i think it 's kinda shallow but i still think it 's their own business of they do n't wan na date any trans woman .
just as long as they do n't bother me i do n't care what ppl think
other species are clever as shit we just have a superiority complex because we built civilization
my fav part from 0:58 enott 's expression changes plus sound effect just gorgeous
npcs by drew hayes is about a group of ordinary villagers who have to fake being adventurers in order to cover for the fact that said adventurers died practically on their doorsteps .
are n't those two features part of the ios 12 photo editing features though ?
i can definitely adjust what i think is white balance and tint .
spell damage mods apply to spell hits only unless the skill says modifiers to spell damage also applies to this skill 's damage over time effect ''
ca n't wait to see how many bugs and glitches the next update introduces
some people might say it will get annoying but since you 're just happy for ever you do n't care about it possibly being annoying since you are happy
the government paid for most of the cost of my car accident and hospital fuck up when i was 19 .
fordi du later som jeg skriver at man ikke skal skrive innvandringskritisk innlegg .
ta med hele setningen istedet for å klippe ut endel for å endre meningen .
du skrev men kan vi ikke slippe å daglig få innlegg '' og det er jo nettopp det jeg kommenterer .
ettersom innvandringspolitikkens konsekvenser er så enorme så mener jeg at dette bør være en daglig diskusjon .
ettersom konsekvensene er så enorme er det helt umulig å snakke om alt i ett .
derfor er det ikke bare viktig men også riktig å snakke om forskjelle temaer som er tilknyttet innvandringspolitikken hver eneste dag .
de som ikke orker dette får bare gjøre som det jeg og alle andre mer eller mindre oppegående mennesker gjør når de kommer i kontakt med noe de ikke orker å ha med å gjøre se bort og finn på noe annet .
sosial kontroll trenger ikke å være riktig men han klaget over at det fantes sosial kontroll generelt .
det ser jeg ikke noe til i det hele tatt .
kan du påpeke hvor i artikkelen han klaget på dette ?
bor selv et område med ret megt larm så det giver mening i det lys .
even the newer 2ds has better games than the fake console .
congratulations on your one cousin and only 19 viewings ! ''
or get the immortal that typed this out for you to dig you up before he/she is paralyzed .
that way you can experience more than just the darkness of your coffin .
back then with 93 ccr you could core things in a few months .
now you ca n't core faster than 6 months nomatter your ccr .
you can do a wc without any ccr at all but i would n't recommend it .
just imagining the sensation of the teeth sliding back into place makes me cringe in pain .
i honestly ca n't see the card being useful in conscription decks .
you would have to run reflective automaton already causing you to run two bad cards without synergy .
and conscription without 3 drops is sufficient to close out against aggro midrange and potentially control most of the time .
since it consumes it does n't stack unless you draw more automatons .
the 3-drop slot is pretty diverse empire for instance runs golden initiate daedra apprentice necromancer imperial sanc .
pet spider tree minder argonian and galyn dark elf for example so basically needs the automaton to make it work .
compared to a modern hybrid car they 're in around the same ballpark as long as the electricity comes from fossil sources .
then rent your airbnb there if it doesnt matter to you .
you 're just tossing up between sleeping on the soiled mattress or sleeping on the broken beer bottles on the beach .
they are also 7 years old by this point .
the glacial proc makes it super easy to hit your root as well and makes kiting in team fights easier .
he 's actually looking for the elusive sex-slave/sugar-momma dual-class combo .
and i thought my collection of 5 different flutes was big ...
as long as you realize all this salt is exactly why it 's so much fun .
you 're just reinforcing it she gets inivited to raids because horde know i 'm legit .
i do n't even have to ask anymore they see me and it 's an instant add .
there 's a reason i made her a troll .
your submission has been removed because it is not properly tagged .
please repost your prompt starting with a correct capitalized tag enclosed in square brackets in the title .
the list of tags can be found on the sidebar https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/about/sidebar or look at how to tag prompts https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/how_to_tag_prompts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/writingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
can confirm took the class in bbc not sure if she does classes in mmc .
you know how superior i am to other people because of it ?
if it is a health issue like copd he should go in for testing .
if you 've been together a while you should sleep through it .
soldiers sleep during war people learn to sleep solid across from a firehouse alarm .
why would n't you want a permanent solution over a temporary one ?
i do n't disagree with you but that saying is bullshit
dave 's a friend who came for a single session .
what i did for most of the game was keep only one to two pokémon on my party and rotted them as i wanted .
and for gyms and important battles i only had the same number of pokémon in my party .
it def got hard middle to end and i got kod by a few box battles .
unfortunately it 's the only way to make this game any kind of a challenge and it 's annoying as hell
grabs have been even more bugged ever since they removed the gran option from the hatch
you run a youth group at a protestant church in texas
as much as i disagree with ti this is his point regarding it being sensationalized .
you clearly did n't read it and if you did you 're ignoring the fact that he was cut off when he was saying that .
still you guys have a great program and all the players buy in .
even from the julien days and the front office does great work .
the players/staff seem to check their ego in at the door and operate as a single unit .
they do n't have the range and it 's too much of a pain in the ass to try and find a place to charge them .
i had a stranger say that to me once at a buffet when i was about to get seconds ... .
does anyone have an opinion on that gambling motif double action revolver ?
the couple guys who have said something like this to me i said we do n't have to wonder who would win come to my gym and sign a waiver and we can find out . ''
one said fair enough '' and dropped it the other said he would come but has yet to show up a month later .
edit i suck they 'd probably beat me up but i ca n't stand people talking shit without actually doing anything
i used to play with these when i was a kid .
yeah just like ffi-vi were nes/snes exclusives and ffvii-ix were ps1 exclusives and x and xii were ps2 exclusives and ffxiii and ffxv were ps3/4/xbox 360/one exclusives .
no but it makes you look that way to some people .
everyone holds little judgements or stereotypes in their heads and that 's basically this entire thread .
i am also not black and i agree with you .
i am also not racist and i 'll assume you are not either .
however the understanding that black men are more likely to get shot is racist .
we still have a long way to go for equality but it does seem like we 've made progress .
even in those stories and footage most of uighur were release to their home within months before their escape .
that is enough for the extrapolation of organ harvest rape force sterilization and holocaust .
if the people '' really cared about the issue they 'd know better than to hang their hopes on an initiative from someone with a decades-long record of incompetently drafted initiatives that fail in court over all the same issues at play in this case .
the people have to obey the constitution and laws too .
when the people vote for a poorly written law it 's subject to all the same legal challenges as when the legislature passes a poorly written law .
you have until 11/28 01:11 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20191128t181158 .
u/itsmrblackout reply with normal squib or onside and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.kickoff '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' e2c6ko ''
it 's fair to complain about russ but to blame everything on him is stupid .
his inability to shoot is fucking embarrassing and his defense is weak but everything else is great
apparently joosten was tapped to play fragile but kojima never followed through with that .
dont be so hard on yourself we all make mistakes .
more likely you have illness anxiety disorder than schiz based on your description .
remember you have to go to medschool for 8 years to diagnose this stuff .
also you 're definitely displaying confirmation bias which will definitely make you more likely to positively self diagnose .
heads up 5-ply is not better than tri-ply and some would say it performs worse .
if you can get the tri-ply set for cheaper skip the d5 .
was planning on going this weekend with a friend if anything
keep in mind that one of the patches released within the past couple of weeks was meant to solve just this issue .
we were at a gas station when i was 8 and this cowboy hat wearing trucker looking son of a bitch came up to my mom after she left the bathroom and said hey ... wan na go out i 'm free tonight ... and then pushed me aside hard enough for me to almost fall off and hit the floor.my mom said i 'm married. the douchebags face melted to a disgusted frown and walked away and saw another woman and said the same thing to her as we left.good looking out for me mom .
and because they are both done with their respective universes ?
until you 've used all of your tfsa contribution room you could use it for both goals .
you could keep it all together or you could use 2 different tfsa accounts .
if you had never contributed to a tfsa before your 2020 tfsa contribution room will be 69500 .
if you are savings 1100 per month it will take you about 63 months to contribute that much but in that 5 years would get about 30000 more contribution room .
it will take you about 27 months to contribute that much and in that 2 years you will have about 12000 more contribution room .
it will take you about 11 months to save that much .
or in other words if you are contributing 1100 per month to your tfsa you wo n't have to worry about using all of your tfsa contribution room for about 8 or 9 years .
at that point if some of the money in the tfsa is for shorter term goals less than 5 or 6 years you could shift it to an unregistered account and use the freed up tfsa contribution room for more retirement savings .
or you could start using some of your rrsp contribution room .
i use him left cam in 4231 or left cam in 4222 .
he does n't really have the electric pace for a top tier winger but is fast enough for meta and as a cam
jump behind the enemy and pop them in the back .
i have blown out the back of a lot of mechs this way .
the ep trilogy is probably the best 'album ' since the fragile
the intro seems like too much exposition and without firm command or usage of pertinent images as commented previously it also seems stale itself despite being relatable .
then try to show the loneliness you speak of and the emotions you feel .
use images to craft those ideas instead of just using the words themselves .
oh darn im so lonely see how this tells ?
im not saying use that stanza just trying to show you showing .
i hope i did n't come across too inconsiderate as i enjoyed your work and appreciate the share .
doesnt seem fixed for me i even using the command line fullscreen but vsync wont work .
i assumed it 's a non vulkan thing like most control panel settings
flash there are 2 pretty simple answers to your question
1 is regulation or lack of regulatory clarity of what xrp is this is required as xrp will be used in cross border transactions so banks and money transfer companies need to know where they stand with regulators when using xrp
2 is liquidity there 's no point in using xrp if there is no buyer for it on both sides of the transaction xrp is merely an efficient bridge between a buyer and a seller in different countries if i want to send money to antarctica xrp is only of use if there is a buyer for xrp there that buyers money is then used to settle that payment there in native currency
i do n't see liquidity being a problem in the long run once regulation clarity is gained across numerous jurisdictions
i 'd take a clean ko from wilder over a grueling couple of rounds ending in a tko from tyson any day .
that is a massive quantity of enzyme which likely contains a lot of carbohydrate itself and is giving positive reads on everything .
i 'm not clear about what it is that you 're doing exactly .
are you incubating cellulose and cellulase together in a buffer and then testing or just mixing them together and adding benedict 's solution immediately ?
we use a similar assay to this at work http www.worthington-biochem.com/cel/assay.html
i suggest you prepare a sodium acetate ph 5.0 buffer and incubate a small amount of cellulase with cellulose in it .
i would n't use more than 1-2mg/ml of enzyme .
hold it for some amount of time an hour ?
in a 37c water bath or 2-3 times as long at room temperature then separate the unreacted cellulose perhaps by filtration and test the clear liquid .
prepare a blank not containing any enzyme and a blank not containing any cellulose for comparison .
if you are planning on testing if glycine has any inhibitory effect you will need a way to actually measure the amount of glucose released .
benedict 's reagent is more of a yes/no answer and i do not expect it to do much if anything to the enzymatic activity .
even if it reduces activity 50 you wo n't be able to see that .
enzymes are all ph dependent and simply adding glycine in various amounts will result in a range of different phs in the buffers .
any observed effects can not be assumed to be from glycine in particular just the ph .
i break down the face into planes kinda like in this video here video https youtu.be/f0ed1jl_1xo .
i draw from life a lot and draw from reference to practice .
after practicing try to construct the face from imagination .
i 'm not good enough to consistently achieve a good result with just pen so i use pencil .
we have somewhat unique scoring that weights qb rushing tds but ryan is 13 overall 4 points ahead of daniel jones .
he has n't cracked 18 points in his last 4 starts that included the league 's worst pass defense .
they are missing their te traded away their best slot receiver and have a dumpster fire of a running game .
sucks is overstating it but it 's a mistake to reflexively start insert player just because they 've been studs for most of their career .
mixon is still a freakish talent but ca n't overcome a crap ol .
similarly the entire falcons offense is struggling so just ignoring everything because he 's julio is dumb .
yes if 100 of course he 's a no brained .
but you have to wonder if his foot has n't been slowing him down the last few games and now he has a shoulder sprain .
i would sit him for a waiver wire scrub but if you have another top 25-ish receiver as an option you 'd be a fool to not at least consider sitting him .
there are two duckpin alleys withing 30 minutes of my house in frederick maryland
on r/homeimprovement they really questioned how little stagger there was ... ie the vertical lines where shingles connect line up between rows .
i try not to get assorted unless i know for sure they have it labeled .
packing for my family texting with my girlfriend and my hubby going for a lunch date with his girlfriend .
then leaving for holiday to visit our family with a possibility to see our girlfriend after her having a procedure tomorrow .
the problem is that we 're killing it too fast instead of just letting it die out on its own
meh ... jesus would have been middle eastern jewish .
he was probably brown but could have been any of diverse range of skin colors .
the only thing i believe is he probably was n't black because he comes from the early silk road age .
which leads me to believe he was like our current northern indian/greek type of skin color .
edit in fact he probably was separate from samaritans '' and was likely lighter skinned than the more eastern population .
2000 years ago he could have been completely alien to me and i do n't care .
the lawyer bills so far are crazy big ... so i can see this being very expensive .
i have a cosmetics pouch that i bring with me .
the best part of old school car wars was designing the cars .
this new version has less spreadsheet-y car design and combat is fast and looks fun .
i 'll be dropping as much money as i can into the ks when it goes live .
weed selling has been capped for a very long time .
people definitely would n't be broke if it was n't .
oh yeah you know now that the pond froze over i 'm out there taking clappers on the weekend .
one of the main allures of the new stadium was direct public transportation from nyc .
this year one of the main stations connecting downtown manhattan to the stadium closed every weekend for repairs .
the repairs are expected to continue all of next year as well .
it 's no wonder that attendance has taken a nose dive this year with tarps rearing their ugly head midway through this season .
also he never would have gotten the gig hosting the apprentice merchandising deals licensing deals lines of credit his corrupt charity and his self-dealing political campaign if he had n't fraudulently inflated his wealth since blowing his inheritance .
could use some filler and sanding ... . lots of sanding .
that makes no fucking sense ... a computer screen is made up of pixels ... the joke is that he is just one pixel rgb
it beats the 1600 in single-core and i ca n't imagine the game will use more than four cores effectively .
and do we know when the 5500 comes out yet ?
if not maybe i 'll get a used vega 56 i 'd like to play hl a day one .
how naive do you have to be to believe that scomo who has considerable vested interest in taylor being left alone was just calling up to check in on things without imparting a desired outcome ...
unless you are loading dirt bikes atvs or mowers a lot .
why ... why else would you own a truck ?
even if i were n't constantly loading bikes/atvs/etc. it 's a feature i would use a lot
as a dog owner my dogs would appreciate the shit out of that ramp as they get older .
as a hunter a ramp to slide an elk up would be handy .
as a father a ramp like that will allow my children to help load/unload the truck in a way they never have before .
as a husband my wife will appreciate having access to the bed she would never climb a bumper .
as a camper i would appreciate having a way to get big heavy boxes in and out so i can keep my gear in jobboxes .
everybody is trying to add utility to their endgates ... steps and bed extender is the best any other company has come up with .
i think we will see all manufacturers start to offer ramps now .
joe 's beverage warehouse in romeoville has a store pick for 40
yeah.. body autonomy and the rights of monsters who prey on the weak is not comparable .
100 of unwanted babies can be stopped by men being sterile .
maybe regulate a penis vasectomies are an outpatient surgery instead of turning women into actual incubators .
women 's fashion is made for looks not practicality .
look at the men who made stilettos popular— christian louboutin himself went on record stating that his women 's fashion shouldnt be comfortable— it should be beautiful and make women better to look at .
even down to mid-priced mall fashion like abercrombie where the ceo talked about how he did n't want ugly women wearing his clothing .
the men who control fashion and tell women what they can wear are just as reductive if not as vocal .
coco chanel and kate spade were quite frankly anomalies in fashion .
coco making the pantsuit— unheard of at the time— popular was fucking groundbreaking .
thank god for women being able to wear trousers and pants nowadays .
but we have a long way to freaking go to be equal .
saying taxpayer varies between an entitlement mentality and a mentality where landowners belive they should have more say depending on context .
if you want to make that your message feel free to use taxpayer '' .
but you know before arrogantly rejecting such advice you might just want to google taxpayer vs .
citizen '' ... .i 'm hardly the only one making this point and possibly you 're saying something you do n't intend to .
if you 're not against them i wonder how come you call it frivolous '' .
like i said this is the cheapest possible implementation i consider it an incredibly good use of money .
and again it 's a pilot i too have complaints about the implementation but i consider them limitations of a pilot project which is intended to better understand what works and what could be improved .
most of the bollards are staying up all winter they certainly wo n't be invisible '' our snow piles do not get that high and if they did a driver would still be driving into a four foot tall pile of snow which would better be described by the word crashing '' .
the bike lanes will be plowed by a separate sidewalk plow also a one year pilot .
the only place they were added to a 2 lane road was water st. in dtk and they were removed there to make room for snow clearing that was a known limitation that 's why it 's a pilot program .
and i 'll tell you i see lots of cyclists in the fall and even the winter i saw some using them when i was out today and i also saw people using them when i was out on the weekend .
that 's just the way people from boston sound .
rly coz alot of ppl say it is whats ur opinion
in addition do you drink beer and have you tried this one ?
there is also an identical console at the gun runners kiosk if you want one less loading screen the next time it happens .
its not the first choice its the asshole choice !
there no point it 's just to condition you to be a working drone that does what you 're told
it 's possible that some unseen third party pressured zubeia to send the assassins .
sol regem would approve and the sunfire queen probably would also so we already have two influential figures who might have wanted their dragon king avenged .
and then zubeia 's already not too happy with harrow so she agrees to send the assassins after him and the third party pushes ezran onto the death list .
i 'll pm you with my paypal link when i 'm off work in 2 hours .
would you spit on a racist man 's face ?
this is not gon na make anyone confident in cryn lmao .
they dropped one of the best support players in all of r6 for their 5th choice player lol
it is also my reddit user name and any other game i play
we still do n't have anything going nor that we can ever stop them
feminists do not believe that women have any privileges .
anything that looks like privilege is benevolent sexism '' and is actually oppression .
nah it was n't just a heavy gm boat .
selena asked innocently as fubuki nodded in confused agreement at that .
that sounds like some good foreign policy right there .
you have my support i will not candy with you tonight as well !
not if jason garret has anything to say about it
i 'm nowhere near an elite athlete and neither are the people i know that i 'm referring to
best of luck to the applicants and to the mod team !
nirvana definitely leave the human form and go into a more higher state of consciousness
yeah i do n't like usage like that ... .. idk why i do n't probably cos i 'm weird but idk why the rest of reddit also does n't like it
alright bud stop judging me for my baking habits .
finally vs just got a buffed especially that vengeance aura illusion
but lower income people using black friday sales as a means to get necessities is common thing .
with some diligent planning and coupon researching etc.. you can get a lot of basic essentials for next to nothing .
it sucks for the workers and it 's a stupid tradition .
but for some people it can be really helpful .
anything you recommend i do before sticking it on my rifle ?
slipping in watery shit behind a library while my crush finally reaches out for a booty call all the time thinking i left the kettle on at home .
got some wicked mild growing in there ! ! !
you 're in a tough situation id say if you did tell his parents my judgment would be nta your friend sucks for putting you in this situation and he seems in a really bad place right now and as a friend you seem to only be looking out for him he might not see it that way but i do n't think your wrong for getting his parents involved
none of the items are game changing enough to be a big deal .
all it does it force you to scout and strategize more .
obviously i 'd test it out because it sounds pretty darn cool .
fomo means you never power up your legendaries the first time around anyway .
your submission is being removed because it has been recently posted to the subreddit .
reposted content refers to any content that has been posted to the subreddit within the last 60 days .
please refresh yourself on our rules https www.reddit.com/r/sandersforpresident/wiki/rules before continuing to participate .
how does one get to see them tied around your wrists ?
plus you touch that ball and then it hits someone 's car now it 's your fault .
or at least that 's what the insurance lawyer will try to prove .
my back left pocket only holds my field notes so now these can live there and my notes move to my front pocket .
between these and my leatherman i 'm covered for almost all the small daily jobs
congrats man you make the rest of us veterans proud ✊
i fell for a too-good-to-be-true deal on a figma of the bloodborne hunter .
i figured i 'd be safe because i was buying it off amazon .
i did end up getting my money back though amazon though .
merely removing the mcas system does n't solve the issue .
the engines are too far forward for the plane to fly safely which is why the mcas system was installed .
you 'd have to retrain all pilots to ensure they know how to fly this plane with this kind of design flaw .
jettison will no longer break sam designation or stt lock .
added damage as a result of an overload of g-forces
fixed dispensing on both press and release by wall dispense button .
now contact displayed as a small square with velocity vector .
radar cursor is drawn below friendly and foe contacts fixed .
fcr tracks bugged target up to 20 degrees outside antenna limits fixed .
fcr cursor jumps from page edge to center even at max/min range scale fixed .
added missing sai pitch trim scale and arrow on the knob .
long press of the nws/msl step button will now cycle the missile type .
hmcs enable/disable corrected such that it is only dms switch aft now .
adjusted engine nozzle animation for short fast throttle changes .
steerpoints now start at steerpoint 1 there is no steerpoint 0 .
the desert could work pretty well if it was tweaked slightly lots of things were added to zeah to make all skills playable it has a good range of content and some end game challenges to work towards .
r5 definitely a good map compared to border gore of some posts but still i find it quite interesting since it is kind of weird .
pomerania is trying to be the chile of the europe ulm got big astrakhan conquered caucasia winged hussars took vienna you see the picture .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/rimjob_steve if you have any questions or concerns .
hvad får de ud af at sige at den har trådløs opladning hvis jeg så kommer tilbage tre dage efter og vil have pengene tilbage fordi det var løgn ?
det handler om at det er et salg det giver nogle point de ansætte bliver målt på osv om det er sådan det fungere hos power ingen anelse men der hvor jeg arbejde for år tilbage var det sådan .
skal siges jeg var en dårlig sælger i forhold til mine kollegaer men mine salg var kvalitet istedet for kvantitet og jeg havde færre klager .
i still have to learn how to fully exit my body when having sleep paralysis .
tell him that you feel super weirded out by that arrangement and you would prefer that he stay with you every night while she is in town .
i have 1 killer oc but that 's just because i want every one of my ocs to be different from each other .
ive had a simmilar graple that got me thirsted tho .
some classic narcissist shit to try the guilt traps with the whole i 've changed but i 'm soooo lonely and have noooooooooboooody to talk to ccaccaaaann n't yooou taalkk toooo meee ? ?
because the father does n't want his son to grow up to be a pussy loser and he does n't want his daughter to be come a cheap whore not brain surgery
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
as a community opposing nazis other hate groups and their enablers we do n't allow users belonging to those groups to participate here .
if you encounter one please report them before you engage them .
we 'd like to emphasize antifascist unity here and discourage purity tests and infighting .
there are lots of subs where those left of liberals can bash them or where liberals can criticize those who are left of them .
we prefer that you do n't engage in that here .
assume that your fellow users here are politically aware and do n't need you to educate them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/marchagainstnazis if you have any questions or concerns .
eh fuck waddel it was a poor attempt at a joke .
i 'd hate the media if i was a pro athlete .
why did i think the other guy was you 😂 wtf
but may i ask why you dissolved it in pg.. ?
why not mix it into a shot of juice or something prior to consumption ?
i 'm using the version of the word that is referenced in the post title and that makes sense in the context of this discussion .
why would you dye your hair pink just cause you have breast cancer ?
i know what i 'm getting into when i choose stable and i 'm ok with it when i do .
unless you 've got a shitty internet connection updates should n't take more than a few minutes a week and i have n't had to reboot after updates for ages .
you might want to after a kernel update but it certainly does n't have to happen immediately so it can wait 'til you 're going out or going to bed or whatever .
oh no its a company making a recent meme lets harass them
yes but just try it to get a sense .
even if we describe it it 'll probably be its own experience for you .
i 'd say keep your plants in the window in my opinion they add a bit of privacy .
i would definitely add a floor lamp and another soft light lamp by your tv to brighten the room up
i was looking for a global sim lately and did n't come across this one .
the others are not really worth it compare to buying the local sim which is still a pain in the a ... .
i know feel the need even more to get a esim compatible device .
for comparaison fido nows offers an ipad plan of 4go for 10 month .
but its a bit of a pain to get it as you need to get around some rules and fido roam is sh .
i 've seen things written like ‘he 's gon na throw me under the bus . '
when they say that i say ‘he is n't but i have insurance .
this dream shows your gender-'experiments ' were n't in touch with the reality of your true self
epic i think i 'm gon na draw dio soon .
i tried watching the first season of the clone wars after the mandalorian and that episode with the assassin droids leaping around like ninjas feels incredibly jarring .
snyder himself even confirm that while originally he wanted to do a superman trilogy he said that shortly after he finished man of steel he pitched the idea of batman being in the next movie .
then he turned it into a five points store yard that he had planned out but as he was telling at five point story arc he also wanted other people to tell other movies at the same time .
yes flash was supposed to come out in 2018 same with ben affleck 's batman movie .
problem is with studio interference getting involved and firing schneider prior to justice league release and having joss whedon come in and reshoot the whole movie they also threw out his playbook .
he wanted man of steel to to come after justice league 2 or released around that time .
he wanted these movies to come out concurrently as he was telling his five part story arc .
5 to 7 movies man of steel batman versus super-man justice league 1 2 and 3 and somewhere in between those justice league movies he was possibly going to do another man of steel movie and then kind of wrap it all up with a flashpoint type of movie .
however as he was telling the saga he wanted people to tell other characters stories at the same time .
it all got modified but it was still a plan that snyder pitched shortly after man of steel was made .
and if you actually paid attention to the movie and made sense why batman was involved .
yeah would love to suck your toes and lick your arches all night !
ils advocate here this may not be your or a likely situation but if you had no/little debt already make good money live comfortably have good benefits good work/life balance good commute great team/coworkers
that 's the thing i do have all of those things i 've got ok work life balance i 'm the one that gets called on weekends and working after hour a lot out of my current team
but this new gig is also a good commute good benefits a lot better money more enticing job duties more laid back environment etc .
with this gate the bricks are made by drawing\scoring the lines in the foam .
which is super easy stuff but the trick to getting it to look so great is actually the paint job .
before doing my dry brushing i paint a few bricks in complimentary colors and it really makes the brickwork look amazing .
just this simple step makes the brickwork look a lot more harder than it actually is .
personally i have done both and they both have their place .
if you have a proxxon cutting the bricks to their shape and size is soooo easy .
if you do n't have a proxxon i would maybe stick to the draw/score method because its going to be extremely time consuming to cut out individual bricks but it is possible .
from there its just stacking them up and gluing as you go .
here is a ruined tower i built using stacked bricks method .
https i.imgur.com/pwjcaye.jpg with this tower the stacked bricks were the choice because i needed the 3d affect of the wall being blow out .
honestly everything i do as of right now is taken from black magic craft 's youtube channel .
if you have n't ever checked him out please do !
his teaching skills are amazing and the level of talent he has is inspiring .
no they do n't it 's completely subjective how headlines are chosen .
bernie gained 1 while the other two frontrunners dropped and he 's in second place in this poll .
the headline mentions pete 's surge but he 's still in fourth place at 11 .
the headline might be about his surge or it could mention how bernie surpasses warren and biden 's lead shrinks .
i ca n't wait till we discover extraterrestrial life .
so i guess aliens and colonies in space are things i would like to see in my lifetime
the sanctuary of illumination offers travelers interlopers and hitchhiker 's a safe haven from harsh planetary environments .
located on hexagonal in the do n't panic star system the sanctuary offers waves of undulating light caressing and enveloping visitors to a higher level of consciousness and nirvana .
the answer may be 42 but the true path to the meaning of life the universe and everything is illumination .
unless you end up in a gangland shooting i do n't think you 'll be needing 3 magazines on the average day
i feel like they the jmods may of taken him a lot more seriously if he had just been upfront that he had the lowdown on a dupe glitch .
i suspect that there is a lot of noise of people trying to get attention saying similar things such as if you want the economy to live dm seriously now '' this statement is just hilariously vague and sounds like something you would read on r/masterhacker .
wake up mods '' also has zero context 'mods i have important information on a duplication glitch can we talk ' or simply sending the information to the mods in a dm .
honestly a lot of this video seems like a someone begging for attention .
do n't get me wrong it 's great that the issue has been fixed and jagex has some questionable actions here .
i do take issue with how rendi is claiming to be ignored with important information when he was intentionally vague .
this sounds like a great way to waste money while giving comcast an excuse to jack up prices by claiming that their buildings need repairs and private security to ensure their services .
this is purely my situation but i 've had the exact opposite .
v4 has worked as it should and honestly works better than any of these other rgb apps that have given me all sorts of issues over the years .
if you still have your install app for v3 just try out v4 .
if it does n't work well for you go back to v3 .
thank you sir always appreciate help with my grammar .
why be afraid of what a woman will say or do ?
those who are attracted to you will react positively !
and those who do n't are n't worth listening to anyway .
send something bold and flirty that get her attention start with a funny flirty meme .
spamming chinese social networks with videos of dear leader winnie the pooh saying things he should n't could be fun .
thank you sir you are doing god 's work if such a thing does indeed exist
edit btw on mobile chrome you have to go into site settings '' not content settings '' or maybe they changed the wording since the article was written
he did say he was n't sure what it was about but if i knew i could n't tell you anyway. probably a cya thing .
the timing would make sense as well since what is being reviewed would likely come the season after next if they are getting feedback in a week or so .
talk to whoever is in charge but it 's highly unlikely they will be able to figure out who did it .
xmorph defense is a fun twinstick shooter meets tower defence .
if you worry about being a bad boyfriend chances are you 're not .
i also got broken war i 've finished the second dream not too long ago and have the war within unlocked but have n't done it yet .
sure i have been playing since the day of the wipe and i still have lots of stuff to upgrade in my hideout .
i usually have no more than 2 days without an upgrade being put in the oven .
the only thing the med station is locking that i 'm even vaguely interested in is the scav treasure box but i just like gambling and i can go play poker or something if i get into a mood for it .
jabari obviously loses value after collins comes back but maybe not as much as i thought at first .
he 's playing well and i bet they 'll continue to use him .
that being said i still lime the ben simmons side .
'the wolf blood ' my father used to call it .
lyanna had a touch of it and my brother brandon more than a touch .
it brought them both to an early grave . ''
arya heard sadness in his voice he did not often speak of his father or of the brother and sister who had died before she was born . ''
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
r/p2psf this is a potential project with higher return on investment .
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
some people are cretins ... clearly that 's other peoples problem and not yours .
thank you for your reply and i 'm glad to have contributed to your reflection on this subject .
thank you for the recommendation as well about jordan petersen .
i am definitely a fan of his and watch his content .
i have yet to read the book though so i will have to check it out !
but neil was a high level scientologist too once .
just posted a follow up with my favourite recipe .
omg i have n't even thought about the power of vpn
... but this would require some additional steps instead of just installing the software and ready to go .
wild highlander dragon priest is getting stronger with each new reveal .
in my experience with yjp you 're probably fine .
react-alerts allows you to manipulate a pop-up window to some degree .
or make a modal popup with js and css to style it .
if you have resources get betty edward 's book drawing on the right side of the brain . ''
here 's a link to a free pdf copy of the book but you can buy it with accompanying tools on amazon .
did n't know scotland was n't a part of britain anymore .
what i always hated the most in warcraft setting is the prettyified orks with hair .
yo your gon na need an extension cable bro 10 feet aint enough .
the new ui looks really awesome i feel like i 'm finally gon na get to play stellaris the way i 've always wanted to .
it is finding it 's level under the gravitational influence of the moon in the main .
unfortunately you do not meet our karma and/or account age requirements to post here try posting a few comments first here or on other subreddits ex .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wellthatsucks if you have any questions or concerns .
i want to get to the galactic core but i 'm pretty sure i 'm gon na die just doing stuff like this d
no the pilgrims were puritans they wanted full reform of the church and they were kicked out because religious people dont like change .
giro savix hv if you 're strictly looking for the 3 bolt cleats or any of the hv models are always a good choice .
i know you do n't think that 's a powergaming move but i do .
beaner and ching chong is slightly worse than fag hag just because i 've been called that before by my gay friends .
a few years ago it was slightly more acceptable to say my 'gay best friend ' or i 'm a 'fruit fly ' as long as your friend said it first .
i get why it 's become a worn out stereotype now and it 's done but it was n't as bad a few years ago as blatantly being racist .
as workers better than walmart '' should not be something we have to strive for .
bezos makes billions by exploiting his workers and is a vicious union buster .
republican or democrat that is reprehensible and we should all be appalled .
its virtually impossible to find a road rage video of any other population .
it is indeed a relevant factor that we are assuming that they are mexicans .
was going to say male bunnies can definitely do this .
this would only let regular players keep up more .
i hate trump but damn he has a good sense of humor
edit trump does n't run this account but still he makes me laugh a lot despite how dumb he is
i 'm sure he can work a smart phone with his eyes closed !
pc servers are down due to server migration so you wont be able to log in.keep checking every day .
as someone else mentioned the best time is evening .
during evenings at least 3 districts are always full .
i actually play from malaysia on the north american server so im unable to play on peak hours but even so there are always at least one district with around 30 to 40 players .
is there someone in your life who can take care of the cat if you become unable ?
you could plan a backup just to make yourself feel better .
you just got ta remember the little yeastlings want to eat and make the bread fluffy .
work in social services here in sweden with our version of cps across the coridor looks wrong no matter how i spell it ... lol .
but there 's probably plenty not mentioned too be fair .
i 've found over the years that people tend to only tell the story that shows them in the good light and us in bad light due to confidentiality .
one thing tho is that given the benifiet of doubt it 's very possible the case worker were n't explaining themselves properly .
i mean i know myself and several others here be it cps or my area financial aid have to dumb things down drastically for people to understand fully .
regardless it 's the same here if reports keep comming in i mean teachers etc are mandated reporters .
intersting tho that over there you go through district attorney here most things go directly to a social justice court '' best way i can translate it .
i 've had an oddly similar experience regarding weddings in my family being the only male with three sisters all was paid for for them nothing for myself .
italian catholic the daughter 's side pays but in this case my wife 's dad has been gone since birth and her mom barely scrapes by whereas my parents are millionaires .
the most freeing thing is sad initially but it is to not base yours or your marriages worth on your parents actions .
are you still getting good frame rates in standard fan and did u undervolt ?
so idk if i should replace shin with him .
but i heavily invested already on shin already.. not that he is op now .
if you do most of the sub quests you never really need them .
there are only useful if you want to blast through the main story and even then not as helpful as you would think .
what i have experienced in tu lectures not that programm is that they ask at the beginning of a lecture if there is anybody present who prefers english then they do it in english otherwise it 's in german .
1 i support alphex suggestion and ask the uni directly .
2 lerning some german before is important anyways in order for you to navigate life as well as uni-life outside of that specific courses .
ok can you point towards a landmark that i can align with anything on google maps ?
those are as smooth as the owner 's brain .
they would n't be a dumbass for saying it .
but in this case both cars were completely off track so it was fair game .
there are many mini store here in the philippines that sells cigarettes .
they sell per stick and it is one of my problem .
every time i see a mini store i always buy .
and after smoking i always drink water and it became my habit drinking water after smoking .
i read climate change articles on cnns website almost every single day .
http www.scp-wiki.net/scp-639 http www.scp-wiki.net/scp-639 there 's some information that was put up on the picture in that link
edit 1 shoot now i have to get another website that lists that kind of monument
come on man together we can defeat this two party bullshit they always pit us against each other because they know together we are stronger than them .
i start working at amazon in the warehouse in about 4 hours .
you know i do have this kink ass to mouth when a dude pulls his cock out of a chicks ass and she blows it .
you implied what they said was being direct when it really just seems rude .
that 's a bit border line do n't you think ?
perhaps but at least some of them used the term long before haskell came along so maybe it 's best to call haskell something else like pure-functional .
is callum 's earthblood impersonation really what non-aussies think we sound like x 'd
i skimmed through and did n't see anything under 75 fps .
yeah those text to speech programs can be super slow .
if that 's so then those people could use party finder .
does n't even make much sense when i also said they read reviews lol .
i was still playing with esther and hyoh so the free erik was a god-given gift .
he 's almost at 3k and full evade but otherwise i 'm not fully sold on how to gear him .
i do n't have great clothes options so the kyubi set is actually pretty good ?
and the ailment resist often seems redundant with the great healers we have ...
the greatest action is not conforming with the worlds ways .
the greatest meditation is a mind that lets go .
wrong sub but was implanted between the films when newt died .
they want us to see our character sheet in fullscreen
maybe for now until the young players start to regress to their mean and they start to lose .
it 's sort of a reverse russian roulette ... with a much worse outcome .
i agree with wanting dessert besides cake but not that cake is nasty i still like it
but i prefer brownies my grandma actually makes a cake with brownie batter basically a giant brownie in the shape of a cake so good
she has n't made it in a couple years though due to her health issues but this year she might be able to pull it off
what does your pussi need to keep it alright 😃
there 's no such thing as equality of opportunity in a capitalist society .
but taco is saying store wo n't but internet or phone might .
rushes sig plus a lotus sketch might actually command a high premium since he died a few years ago .
i was a tank long before i added some fat .
go to nordstrom 's and ask for a 52 s jacket .
i am very fond of oliver wicks but i also have a guy in chicago who orders from china but measures you up and makes you look great .
suits when properly maintained should last you a few years .
it 's not a bifl but it 's a good return on your investment .
this satisfies me especially that it 's a black knight using his og floos
yea maybe self reflection is n't good for you .
you might find something there that you might not like .
fuck sex i would rip off my dick to just feel someone 's head on my chest .
i realize i do n't miss my ex i just miss being loved .
i admit i feel like shit all the time because i just wan na meet someone .
but sometimes i look in the mirror and i just wan na beat the living shit out of myself .
so how is someone supposed to love me when i just fucking hate myself .
im not who posted this but ill trade you for that
my mom makes homemade lasagna on thanksgiving because some like the traditional things and some mostly the younger ones like the lasagna instead .
please review the faq https www.reddit.com/r/askcarsales/wiki/index to see if your question has already been answered .
also remember to add flair to your post by clicking the flair '' link beneath it .
this lets us know where you 're located so we can assist you better .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askcarsales if you have any questions or concerns .
however the puppeted cities just look like new civs since there are n't any labels .
maybe if you outlined the borders of the entire civs with the puppets enveloped by the border it would be easier to differentiate between puppeted cities and actual separate civs .
every cny there 'll be this kid saying 舞狮牌猪肉丸meatball is delicious but he never even take a bite of it .
translations definitely are not intended to be written down on timed sections or pts .
i even recommend doing out loud translation drills to transition toward the in your head translation process .
the writing down is just a first step to ensure accuracy and easier checking against the stimulus !
you 'd need a fairly large sample size to have reliable crosstabs on there metrics .
we only really get good data for this in presidential exit polls and the cces but the pattern that is described in this post is quite evident .
take the 2016 exit polls https www.cnn.com/election/2016/results/exit-polls for example .
sigh that 's great and my own mom is one of them .
but my point is that knowing her well enough she did n't intentionally turn her hair purple and my main point is that hair can look to be a hue that is not natural to hair color .
i am not saying that people in their 60 's do n't dye their hair .
no i dont work for them ... .i 'm a paint and finish carpentry contractor .
if it did n't say reconditioned '' then they are n't .
i am not a pos but ... i am totally blaming the victim for getting murdered .
our guild has only seen one in 2 months of raiding .
lou 's got experience making the 2 girlfriend thing work .
i mean ... if that 's what you consider living dangerously p
yeah i know that everyone in the show is problematic i get it and i 'm not doubting it but with tyler it 's another thing .
darlene did n't want to kill that lady even if she did and she 's a murder that was n't intentional krista in a way was obliged to do it and in a situation like that is difficult to think especially knowing that you will be murdered soon .
i 'm talking more about the fact that for me the ship between these two and the relationship that they could have is kinda fucked up and it will be very problematic .
i was just questioning why people think they could have a healthy relationship together .
tyrell has anger issue and some mental problems and i 'm sure that their relationship would n't be healthy at all .
also elliot has mental problem but he never wanted to hurt someone even if robot is questionable on this fact they never actual kill someone and they never wanted that .
can i defeat this pokemon with this without friends ?
i caramelized my first onion for real last christmas over medium low heat .
they were incredibly sweet and soft and just incredible .
it 's the most rewarding thing i 've ever done in the kitchen .
there is contest now check pin post for info !
to remind we do decreasingly verbose way https www.reddit.com/r/decreasinglyverbose/comments/9jbs18/the_decreasingly_verbose_way and guide https www.reddit.com/r/decreasinglyverbose/comments/c90ov1/a_guide_to_the_true_decreasinglyverbose_process to true decreasinglyverbose process .
image posts not follow guide https www.reddit.com/r/decreasinglyverbose/comments/c90ov1/a_guide_to_the_true_decreasinglyverbose_process to r/decreasinglylong https www.reddit.com/r/decreasinglylong so can combat images not belong here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/decreasinglyverbose if you have any questions or concerns .
lmao then another question came to my mind after that have your parents ever caught you masturbating or having sex ?
trump has already stated today while signing it that he wont enforce all the provisions because they get in the way of his trade deal .
hmm new user well spoken asking about possible exculpatory aspects of jjd 's defense bottom line if he left spooge at a crime scene he did it no way around that one
i saw that you can extract the sep and baseband from ios 12.4 and maybe i could use those instead of latest ?
more of a swinger gt gts scamp and duster fan though .
the jazz fans already crowned gobert as their best complete player
here 's a few things you need to know before contributing
no sexism transphobia homophobia racism or general harassment will be tolerated .
we are not a hate sub and any slurs hate speech or nastiness towards anyone will result in an automatic ban .
disrespectful vulgar comments will be removed and may result in a ban .
this includes names social media handles or links clinic names etc .
here is reddit 's policy regarding posting personal information https www.reddithelp.com/en/categories/rules-reporting/account-and-community-restrictions/posting-someones-private-or-personal
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/botchedsurgeries if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're now my favorite person on the internet .
if your goal is best cleric who also melees '' then probably life cleric .
if your goal is best cleric at hitting things '' then war cleric by far .
edit some of yall did n't read even the first sentence of the original post did you
when we get it right it reduces the amount of flu out there .
so i 'm actually going through this right now .
in my 20 's i was in to powerlifting and very competitive for my body weight .
i injured my shoulder got very uninspired and stopped training for about 5 years .
i always looked good so it was fine for me .
i just this week decided to get back in to diet and training .
i pulled out an old training log and after comparing my stats was very sad .
i felt judged for the first half an hour each day .
just thinking about how i could have been better .
the truth is you just need to realize that hard work got you to where you were and it will get you back .
omg you 're so perfect i 'm jealous ! !
if i can still read the text it has n't been nuked enough
percy is n't a main character in trials of apollo apollo is .
you just described my philosophy on how to deal with me when i die .
i tell my family i want to be a brain in a jar .
just hook me up to the internet or popeye repeats i do n't care .
i 'm trying and failing for an outrun/chemical fire aesthetic and you 're close to what i 'm aiming for .
kante and sissoko instead of allan and jorginho then move middle icon to the left and you have 10 chem everyone .
you use the chemtrails melt steel beams argument the only way you could know is if the devil told you . ''
but i still do n't think it 's being mentioned because of anything against tesla specifically .
if anything it has to do with it being a sports car .
the word tesla is used 4 times in the article all in context with what is being discussed and i could see porsche '' or corvette '' being substituted just as easily .
cookies are good too costco has cheap chocolate chip cookies
how about making dog collars and selling them on etsy ?
it 's a huge business premium collars cost hundreds of dollars and he can practice by making special collars for his beagle .
posting his process on his social media could really help drive traffic .
there are collars from biothane leather webbing ribbon knit collars embroidered collars you name it .
he will need the materials to start but he might be able to create a great business for himself and he could donate .
a portion of his proceeds to a dog charity and help out dogs in need .
ps the national dog show is on today at noon est if he wants to watch .
also other dog products would also work if collars are frustrating snuffle mats are easy to make and there are tons of tutorials online .
current magic system is all but diamond powers are very limited but always exist in a physical sense and thus can be manipulated broadly if a character is intelligent enough to think up the way and dedicated enough to practice .
one power is essentially telekinesis but any force applied must still be born by the user what they push on pushes back like in real life .
while some practice manipulating fast moving but small object at a distance others basically use it to slow others attacks and accelerate their own in a melee while others use it to 'levitate ' and move extremely quickly .
this is all without incorporating items using the telekinesis to spin a generator on a mages back to generate electricity that can be weaponized .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3atokyo 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on rss feed for notifications .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3atokyo 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
note you must enable nsfw search results https i.imgur.com/a3i5xq2.jpg in your preferences https www.reddit.com/prefs on the web site for search to work in apps as well !
read this https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/comments/a12zza/metapsa_one_does_not_simply_ban_trolls 1 https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=1 and this !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
so nice of you to promote volvos new product here thank you kind sir
wenns favoriten nicht gäbe könnte er ja nicht ständig behaupten es wäre so schlimm mit den ausländern .
they want women to give the right to decide about an abortion .
no matter what happens i do n't think turkey will willingly give land to the kurds .
you may know nothing about them but labour have been very clear about what their priorities would be when negotiating with the eu .
i can also recommend the wikipedia fact or fiction with raab too .
can offer you seedot scraggy rufflet passimian and slurpuff .
for sligoo solosis mandibuzz and appletun and anything else for the rest of the trades .
probably not it 's because serie a league sbc are available and parma 's looks pretty easy
the nostrils will go so well with your septum .
your sleeves sound amazing do you have a style in mind .
i love wheeling and dealing del boy style and i have a pinned tab in work just to go looking for snipe deals to sell on again .
i 've done a bunch of sbc 's but i do n't have enough coins to do the sbc 's that over 100k ... that 's a lot for me .
any tips you can share on what you do ?
i tend to too at futbin a lot mainly the market 100
checking what new sbc 's are out but recently i have been looking at this one
checking out plays that are 1k to 1.5k and doing a max bid of 500 for them and selling them back on the full futbin price .
had some decent luck there about 30k mad in 2 days but i am currently stuck with 6 tevez ha !
as a fellow cable man i 2nd that and add the little dogs bite more than the big ones .
ban yoiurself that was inaporiate and rude yoiu cant say that word
mystḗrion the root of the english term mystery '' – mystery .
in the bible a mystery '' mystḗrion is not something unknowable .
rather it is what can only be known through revelation i.e .
i guess he could lose more if he initiates anything so he 's probably more nervous ...
yeah because not having mod support in a game equals they hate letting people have their fun '' .
all 3 of my case fans run at 100 .
there is no letter s in the first sentence .
ca n't wait to get my nor'easter put together .
what instructions did your employer give in cashing in scratch cards ?
even now you do n't need to be wealthy for a vr rig in the future it 'll only get much cheaper .
you gon na eat 3 bananes and an apple ?
i find this not even close to be possible .
in az cars do n't rust but all the plastic and rubber turns to dust .
the squares came in a charm pack so they were already cut and easy to lay out to see what looked best .
i ended up taking pictures to inspect the layout since different things stand out in pictures .
then i used painters tape to label them 1a 7e so they would all get in the right position and the right orientation .
and i never keep much fabric lying around or buy much extra so a charm pack is ideal for projects .
to celebrate thanksgiving we are giving back to the r/dankmemes community by giving you what you want a higher karma threshold ! .
you now need 20k link karma to post on r/dankmemes .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i would n't know i boycott every movie starring this pos .
but i actually tried 16:8 for 6 months before starting adf and it did n't really work for me
oh god there needs to be a version with that .
there are actual help services that you can call depending on your country .
it 's pretty easy to find online and it is definitely better than strangers that do n't know how to support depressed people .
i believed what people said about '' real '' texas chili not having beams until i mentioned it to an old texam that i know .
he 's a great cook in his eighties now .
he said that when he was growing up only snooty people did n't put beans in their chili .
of course there are morons everywhere in the world but saying any sane person would 've shot them on the spot '' is fucking ridiculous .
do n't know if somebody has said this already but i think you could add that planets were not sort of compressed into that point matter was probably only in the form of gas and dust ...
to be fair i did n't go out of my way like paul .
he was in an act state run prison and the only reason why we know publicly about this case is because it 's reached the act supreme court .
like yeah government and military secrets are a thing but it 's pretty extraordinary that the state government had no idea what was going on in it 's own state run facilities due to federal secrecy laws .
interesting actually we dont have any official apple store in my .
they have style and why waste the exotic slot for an exo sword ?
you can rather farm strykers sure-hand with the god roll on it
btw how do you get your char to pose with one weapon over the shoulder ?
i could use a cool 1 million from the government .
i once played gem grab with spike with random and we got an all legendary team bibi was n't a thing yet
i mean even in the club 's news post about him the best we get is a shot of him from behind https www.afc.com.au/news/2019-11-28/pick-48-lachlan-gollant i 'm very suspicious about what 's going on here .
punk was seth 's mentor for a little while and was one of the first to get him started then huh ?
what i 'd say is that you can probably drop a draw card for every three creatures you have as an approximation because when chulane is out they become cantrips .
it partly depends on you sticking chulane though so i 'd adjust depending on how much he gets removed etc .
new riki aghs tricks of the trade no longer interrupts channeling spells .
got it wrong did n't read which comment you replied to .
check the other comments this guy was talking about a god ki rrg .
i 'd like to be nice to the extent that i am sucking your beautiful fat cock ! !
this would be great to fix some of that lack of sleep .
acu daca am face si un start-up sa scot si eu bani din scris cod ...
yeah but beside a precise rifle for very long ranges its nice to have a semiauto backup weapon for long ranges when you get surprised by the enemy .
does anyone know a kbeauty alternative to the heroine make mascara ?
it 's my hg but i 'm running out and will be in sk for a month .
you dont want tm with a counter attack champ .
so to exchange him with one of those sounds great .
i have a 6iv english ditto if you still have yours .
we do not allow reposts of old material or multiple posts about new material whether it 's your own content or someone else 's .
please check r/dbz/new before posting to make sure your topic has n't been covered by someone else .
do not delete and repost the same content once it has been approved by a moderator .
if you have any questions see our rules https www.reddit.com/r/dbz/wiki/rules .
if you believe this removal was made in error send us a message https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdbz .
the sum of two reactions one of which is about taking water and splitting it the other is about taking the energy gradient from sunlight and turning it into fun .
he 's probably starting near malus since on the steam page it says he 's been dispatched to investigate the demon .
macho bullshit in the climbing community is so annoying .
never see tour de france cyclists not wearing a helmet..
this came from the third planet from the sun in the harcharna solar system ?
the last time we checked on them they were just going multicellular .
let 's drop in and fuck some bitches up just for fun.
life taught me ‘help comes from the unlikeliest of places '
it 's never who you think or from where but usually hopefully thinks work out ok .
why is cody dressed like he had an interview w wellsfargo b4 the game
when our family treats us like we 're trash or like we do n't matter always remember that you do matter .
take it as a blessing that you 're done with them because you 're now free to choose who your family is .
i 'm queer and those of us in the lgbtqia community call our friends chosen family '' because that all a lot of us have .
you are n't damaged or broken but most definitely hurt .
get out and meet new people this year and you will not be alone next holiday season .
why did the government wanted to lure students in the first place if they had valid visas ?
so i 'm a relatively new driver with lyft and a brand new reddit user but will give this my best shot .
lyft does most likely store past pickup locations in their database but drivers ca n't look back on old rides and see the exact address .
a driver can however look back and see past history of a trips including mileage and amount earned and it does include a picture of the route map with start and stop dots .
the dots are relatively close to the exact location and the street name is possibly visible but the address is not included .
a real thief is probably going to have written your address down on something else anyway .
your strategy stating that you are leaving a vacation stay rather than starting one is very creative though .
using some of the new smart home technology could also help .
presumably if your house did get robbed while away your lyft driver would be on the top of the list of suspects like the local gardener pool guy or mail delivery person .
in addition although never a 100 guarantee that all drivers are trustworthy lyft does do a background check before approving drivers .
the lyft code of business conduct does state that we should always be safe be respectful and be helpful .
i personally always wait for a customer to get in their front door before i leave and i let them know i do this for their safety and am always on the look out for any people around acting strange .
not sure any if this gives you any additional peace of mind but is one newbies perspective .
like anything extensive abuse from abrasion will take its toll overtime but walking through the woods shouldnt be an issue .
there 's a big difference between brushing up against a brick wall vs a tree branch hitting you .
however it was the inspiration for me to start a small penis abstinence movement in the hopes that we can one day rid small penises from the gene pool once and for all .
you 're welcome my doctor added wellbutrin yo the mix and it 's a game changer take care
please do your best to respond to commenters as they take the time and effort to read your post and give you advice .
if a commenter provides advice that is helpful please respond to the comment with the word '' helped '' anywhere in your comment .
this will give the commenter an advice point which will show that the commenter is a helpful member of this subreddit .
you can respond to as many comments as you want and we encourage it if they help you even a little bit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/advice if you have any questions or concerns .
a peek at op 's post history shows even more .
just think about her interests and hobbies then get her something related to that
i think i need to try kid 's shoes next i 'm a 6.5 in women 's .
i watched a fellow racer beat up an ea atm because it would n't withdraw his funds .
i 'm talking about society as a whole ya dingus .
stop taking everything so literally and you might be able to parse what people on the internet are saying .
got any sources for these bs claims my friend ?
yes but if i tell ya i 'd have to delete you .
i do n't understand how it 's not being taken care of .
it 's weird i do n't hear anyone talk about it outside of reddit ... but it 's so bad .
i do n't understand why it is n't a bigger complaint .
unfortunately it has been removed because it is not a direct link https gfycat.com/snivelingflippantcuscus .
please feel free to re-submit using a direct link ending in .jpeg .png .gif .gifv .mp4 or .webm thanks .
once again to be a direct link your link must end in .jpeg .png .giv .gifv .mp4 or .webm .
if this is an imgur.com submission follow these instructions http i.imgur.com/er70zco.gifv which will help you find the direct link to submit .
also if your link ends in ? 1 please remove that before submitting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/reactiongifs if you have any questions or concerns .
that is a piston '' knife it has a flipper that isnt attached to the blade .
quite well constructed got it off ebay for a great price !
this man could literally rape a baby to death on camera and his cult would say its obama 's fault
is n't that a full inch longer than the average ?
i do n't have a penis but math wise it seems like that would be erring on the larger side by a decent bit
if you do n't necessarily care about experiencing the fight as it was intended you can post an unsynced party finder group advertising your bonus for first time completion .
people will help out for the bonus poetics but they 'll breeze through the fight .
otherwise the fights have been added to a normal raids roulette so wait times in df should n't be that bad .
people are tired of some politicians but i do n't see how that would translate into someone getting hurt or something .
the first episode was the best one in the series .
though i like them i ca n't stand going to the movies without earphones or earplugs because it 's too loud .
freakin toilets are too loud sometimes the jet powered ones at least .
used to work with an autistic kid at a summer camp when this song was already like 2 years old .
he would belt this shit out the whole ride on the bus during field trips .
well if you 're choosing all roles that definitely should n't be more than 10 minutes .
actually i think that must take less than 5 minutes honestly but you will end up playing as tank or support .
also maybe the matchmaker is struggling with you because you 're the new player .
give it some time to understand where do you fit .
if you 're desperate to reduce queue times play in a team .
if the simulation feels like real life why would n't i want to live worry free ?
in either case i have a life to live so i 'd rather take the worry free route as long as i can still choose when to end all of it .
why can i smoke my bowl and tell you to stop ?
because you 're screaming about jesus and not talking about crypto at all .
i buy for malaria vaccines i buy goats and cows for third world ... and i make a lot of the money i donate from trading and investing .
i do n't buy small caps and i do n't buy tiny shitcoins .
i 'm not some kid with 150 bucks in 1000 different coins
maybe you know more about crypto than me ... you ranting about jesus makes people think you 're a bit cuckooo .
let 's say i just sold 10,000 of my 50,000 dollar bitcoin pile and bought some bitcoin cash .
every kind of rock except classic prog metal funk some jazz and other kinds of prog
true but in my opinion it 's just him misunderstanding something and everyone 's reply was a bit harsh .
if you live south of orlando you will likely avoid seeing a freeze or frost .
currently living in st petersburg florida and it 's been in the 70 's for the last month and sunny every day .
living near the gulf you get a nicer breeze than living centrally in the state went to orlando 3 years ago on christmas it was 85 degrees and 80 humidity absolutely miserable away from the ocean in florida .
the theory does n't make a lot of sense to me i think he 's just been unlucky .
what sort of thing did they do that was them actively ruining the lore though ?
obviously the lore has been badly managed by them but was n't that just a result of them doing nothing ?
yea the way his arms flopped down was like omg please send me home !
next time i 'm in ny i 'll hit you up
you can only use the convert set recipe for sets that have more than 2 items .
i have no motivation to care for elderly family .
having 2 lantern corpse at the same time with high profile a high profile show and movies would be terribly confusing for the general audience .
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
she stayed out of it did n't run did n't endorse anyone all in a plan to make everyone happy .
if she had run she would have angered the hillary clinton democrats but made everyone else happy .
she would have been in the ideal position to be the democratic nominee in 2020 too .
now we 're in this awkward situation where bernie is kind of too old but he has all the momentum .
it was 1 second of a dudes ass in a pokelawls clip that was in paymoneywubby 's youtube video that she was watching
three women say they faced sexual misconduct by gordon sondland before he was the u.s. ambassador to the european union and at the center of the presidential impeachment inquiry .
they say he retaliated against them professionally after they rejected his advances .
in one case a potential business partner recalls that sondland took her to tour a room in a hotel he owns only to then grab her face and try to kiss her .
after she rejected him sondland backtracked on investing in her business .
another woman a work associate at the time says sondland exposed himself to her during a business interaction .
she also recalls falling over the back of a couch trying to get away from him .
after she made her lack of interest clear she says sondland called her screaming about her job performance .
a third woman 27 years sondland 's junior met him to discuss a potential job .
she says he pushed himself against her and kissed her .
all three women have agreed to be named in this story .
in all the cases friends family members or colleagues of the women recall being told about the encounters at the time .
the cases span a seven-year period ending less than a decade ago .
yeah they are aware and there is a travel motive on my account .
i managed to find a citibank atm a couple blocks away that worked .
just the local ones wo n't work for me i guess .
can you guys take a break from trading and spend some time with your family for a change .
well if you 're good at killing people you should naturally have both since killing is the most effective way to cap flags .
yeah like many things in the game it 's random .
yesterday i did a few terrakion raids and on some i got almost no candies on some i got plenty .
you have to factor spreads rebalancing how often you are going to deposit into these funds etc ?
if you are lazy like the majority of us vdhg is the way to go as vanguard will balance this for you .
you can either purchase this via your broker or vanguard retail/wholesale .
this is actually an argument for skill-based matchmaking right ?
all 3 of the og squad here are noobs and do n't want to play high-level teams .
the argument against sbmm comes from higher level players who play against an inordinate number other high level players and in particular when the matchmaking pairs you with lower level players as your randoms .
also the champion squad here is very lightweight compared to the average champion i 'm seeing these days .
bruce almighty quit being a complete amateur with omnipotence .
there was literally an announcement of it 3 days ago how does it mean it was n't panned we just did n't think this would be the event and banner they where talking about .
if you have a way of watching it like if you already have disney or your brother will share the login definitely give it a shot .
it 's only 3 episodes in and they 're around half an hour each so you 'll know pretty quickly if you like it or not .
it 's ridiculous that hypothetical suffering like this is more important than the real suffering already happening in the uk .
and he 's a fucking politician not a army general .
andrew neil 's thirst for details on how the operation would be carried out made it sound like he did n't understand that .
all clubs are going to be capable of blasting c1 33hz beyond that you may be asking too much .
m.a.a.d city is in c minor the bass hitting c 1 .
f is pushing it on the high side honestly .
hackers gon na hack not much you can do really since hackers can always just make another account report and move on
i only read uo threads because they are so much better !
calcium supplements and others have been linked with increased mortality not decreased .
romeo and juliet laws often dont pardon the actions completely they merely diminish it so the older party isnt punished as severely
memes image macros overused jokes or any casual low effort editing of non related images or videos and relating them to apex should go to r/apexoutlands .
this means that there should be substantial original work put in .
as an example a high quality comic about the game drawn from scratch would be permitted whereas a comic that 's just official artwork cut and pasted onto a template is not .
if you would like better clarification you can see our full list of rules here .
https www.reddit.com/r/apexlegends/wiki/rules if you need further assistance please message the moderators https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fapexlegends with a link to your post .
failure to include a link to your post will result in the modmail being ignored .
i second this it 's not the best of the best wheel but it 's a big step up from the cheap wheels and a firmly in the middle high tier segment of wheels .
it 's the perfect balance between quality and price for the average person .
also you can buy the shifter add on to go with it .
is there any chance i can get the link as well ?
high megapixel count is only a problem on small sensors and at night when iso is increased.. during the day it means great images .
just keep working hard and do n't let anyone lose sight of your dreams and goals .
they may shift but never lose or give up on them .
anything can be achieved with hard work and a little bit of luck !
i was the victim of an attempted home invasion .
i answered the door at a reasonable hour and was threatened with a large kitchen knife .
in my hand i had a 1.25l pump bottle of water .
instinct took over and i squirted the guy with my water bottle in the face he dropped his knife in the confusion and legged it .
the city distinguishes photo radar from intersection safety cameras .
well if you say the photo radar on fox drive is n't technically photo radar it 's intersection safety cameras '' then that would explain a lot of things .
i really think it 's bullshit if that is the case but i suspect strongly you are right ... even without proof crazy as it is as it would explain a lot of my questions .
if you would have just said that from the start it would have been better .
so i guess assuming what you are saying is correct it really just is political theater .
both provincial parties appear to care about photo radar but in the end will do absolutely nothing practical about it .
like i said the real solution that no one will actually do is for the province to take 100 of the funds generated from running photo radar from the municipalities .
allow them to run the program for safety sake but have the funds go to the provinces pool to be redistributed to all the municipalities .
i see no reason alberta should have 3 times the photo radar per capita then bc .
do you want kabsa as in the spice mix ?
kabsa in arabic means upside down because you turn the pot onto a plate when finished but you can buy kabsa spice mix at your local middle eastern store or follow this link .
whoops just realized what you meant i think you want to have a plant based food with kabsa mix ?
in that case you can literally make the spice at home and sprinkle it on anything .
amazing thank you im new to this sub so not sure how to do it do i add you as a friend first ?
any way to verify that that website is n't ran by them ?
i 'm 50 have always eaten at lunch by myself since grade school .
i member being in 4th grade an hiding in a corner and during pta meeting the teacher told my parents she never saw me at lunch hour on the playground .
i just was never comfortable being around the other kids .
i found the solitude to be much more enjoyable .
it did n't help that i was a super nice kid and was terrorized by other students being called a chink this was the 70 's and other things .
i was also sucker punched by doug keith in the stomach as we were walking home .
jill pierce the principals daughter would routinely steal stuff from my desk pinch me real hard sometimes and i would n't say a word being nice and naive .
i used to be very angry at her for treating me poorly and visualize getting revenge but i would forgive her .
a small mesh bag full in a high flow area works well .
you can also get phosphate remover dissolved in a liquid form if you would rather add a few drops every day .
good quality marine aquarium water should n't have much of a smell or colour to it .
you can contest any high ground with other legends except pathfinder only spots you just contest a lot slower which is a key for him he 's balanced now imo
your submission has been removed as your account does not meet our account age and/or karma requirements .
if you wish to be able to post on r/natureisfuckinglit please participate more to increase your karma and/or wait until your account is older .
note messaging us to request that we approve your post or to ask about what the requirements are may result in you being banned or blacklisted from posting and commenting .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/natureisfuckinglit if you have any questions or concerns .
semi-modular and the warranty is effectively only 1 year 5 year parts 1 year labor .
if you 're okay with that this seems like a fine psu at a great price .
i 'm just waiting for kyrie to eat the vaseline .
can get too crowded for a real conversation though .
i love that dwight is the guy on the team who gets the aux after the win
but i guess it is pretty different from 1 .
the nerve omg it 's super nice of that manager to do that for his employees ! !
if you do n't like the free fucking food then do n't eat it ? ! ?
it 's absolutely the thought that counts even if thanksgiving is bullshit and the pilgrims were murderers sooo..
yes i posted it on r/linuxmemes a few weeks ago
is it pretty much like a commercial dot inspection for fleet vehicles ?
5iv beast ball ha dreepy for the ha hatenna ?
i 'm fine with it we do n't need to match bids .
and alex davies should be a mid to late first-rounder which we can add straight to our team and not match bids for him .
we seem to have a problem with teams that play 4-5-1 .
ox trent and keita should have started but klopp had no way to know napoli would be parking the bus .
yes sorry if i spoiled it a bit for ya .
got to return one i got from bb w an i3 and tn display barf
i do n't get it how come there is future trading when there is no regular trading today ?
that money will go to so many things for her .
a small consolation as he never supported her when he was living .
i think it 's number 759 but shrek is a demonitized word
see an end to make sure your adrenals are producing enough cortisol to cope with the extra testosterone .
if you are talking about pickaxe swinging you are an idiot .
if its half/half and zone pulls as far away from you as possible and there are 5-8 other people next to you how tf is that anyones fault ? ?
pickaxe swinging is definitely taken too far when people do it after first or second zone and they are already in zone but in later zones its just being smart .
why would i want to get into a fight on edge of zone when its gon na start closing in 10-20 seconds ?
its just going to cause both players to die to people who are already in zone because they got good rng and didnt have to move
okay has anyone else 's noticed certain contrails are bein kinda weird lately ?
am i alone thinking the grand sactum set actually looks pretty half boring ?
dont get me wrong it looks beautiful but still pretty bland and not that special.. p not that damnation looks special either hehe .
i have a feeling that the race thing turns a lot of people off .
i do n't think it 's the racial themes that are the issue .
the people who i 've unsuccessfully tried to get to watch the show complained about how it 's a bit of a slow burn with a confusing plot especially for someone who has n't read the graphic novel or watched the movie
omfg you 're right defending kerrigan and not using the ray should be easier now
or it could be like on the ford escape and it 's just on because fuck you .
i feel like i got infected by some unsanitary virus just scrolling through that group
ueno is one of the most believable examples of actual sociopathy i have seen in a fictional character .
seems like a regular old bratty kid to me .
many young kids are absolute cunts who do n't understand how their actions hurt others or just do n't care .
not a huge fan of trading away a mid first for a 2nd rounder but i 'm all for adding more midfield depth
we shit on rvp now because he turned out to be a massive snake but when he was our captain he was actually a good one .
other than the fact he completely betrayed us at the end ...
except for rvp per is the only truly good captain we 've had everyone else were n't important pieces during their time as captains
i 'm trying and apparently failing to help you make a connection between what you can see from this specific incident and a slight but very realistic amendment to this situation which could have resulted in an objectively far worse outcome
you 're not failing i just do n't address it because i already have continuously .
if you go back a couple of comments you will find stuff such as sometimes it could end up bad such as in the situation the other guy described where it is a real gun and there is a victim and sometimes it ends up good such as in this . ''
hell even the comment you replied to had the following sometimes it will be too close and the balance is tipped the other way where innocents/police will get hurt when they should n't have . ''
the 'status quo ' is innocent people being hurt and their last line of defence making 'tactical retreats ' with the illusion of containment we had police officers immediately on-scene here and through no fault of their own they could do nothing beyond calling for someone that can .
but because we ca n't objectively record that it should just be accepted ?
again i 've always also spoken about the balance of when it goes right vs. when it goes wrong .
specific situations are always going to go right and wrong regardless of whether police have guns or not .
i 've never denied that there are situations where guns would lead to a better outcome .
what i'm to get across and definitely failing is that there are situations in which guns would lead to a worse outcome than not this specific one perhaps being one of those .
every cop with a gun is not always stopping a terrorist stopping a suspect stabbing a victim etc .
sometimes those cops with guns are shooting people they did n't necessarily have to .
note i 'm not saying they would be unjustifiably shooting people even in the us most are justified but rather that there can have been better solutions .
that 's where we get into the idea i mentioned about how much of a close call you 're willing to tolerate as well as what balance of 'people got hurt and it was n't necessary ' you 're willing to tolerate .
the second bit of this comment https www.reddit.com/r/policeuk/comments/e3593h/bodyworn_video_footage_of_initial_police_response/f92cme9 what i think about the arming issue as a whole .
essentially it 's about how jumping straight into arming all police is not the only solution we 've got to the rise in violent and knife crime hell we are implementing another right now !
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
for those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit please click here https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist to review our details as to whitelist and outlet criteria .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
also a little bit selfishly because it really does look like such a beautiful country i would love to get to know
change the nat type or get a vpn and connect to your own country .
i think he was enjoying himself at the beginning but as the shoot went on he probably got a bit annoyed cause he just wanted to eat .
i ca n't imagine having all this delicious food in front of ya and you can only have one bite then you got ta chat about it for a good while after .
yeah that 's annoying your ideas do n't really sound that extreme .
hopefully you 'll get more opportunities to mix with like minded people as you get older .
it 's a broken sort of swing where you get hit from the opposing side from where 1 swing came example left overhead but it will go past block and hit from right side correct me anyone if i am wrong
i am cool with everything exept that you call it a fact math has facts sience has theorys as math can be proven
late to the party but if it ever happens again trust me you need pepper take a pepper grinder and just smell it the terpines compete with thc for the same receptors and have a higher affinity i always keep one on me as i 'm prone to paranoia .
emergency use only tho as it instantly kills your high
you think someone who is sensitive and scared and being bullied is more psycho '' p.s .
learn to spell stupid than someone who is malicious and cruel and sadistic .
if you 're on pc it 's a modder using a snow mod .
in sweden unfortunately small local and inner-city shops are losing customers to huge malls on the outskirts of the city that can offer free parking lower prices and a much larger selection .
if you 're lucky there might be a public transport connection as well but who wants to wait 15 minutes to bring half a dozen bags of shopping on a crowded bus ?
it 's so hypocritical everyone wants locally produced organic products because the environment '' but they do n't think about the impact when everyone brings home their groceries with their own car .
i got excited thinking i could send out the code and multiple people could get some free shit .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
a cursed comment is any comment that strikes the reader into oblivion .
upon seeing a cursed comment your first reaction should be among the lines of what the f k did i just read ?
? while leaving you speechless at the same time .
incomprehension of the comment just read or the blatant gruesomeness of it should be enough to not only make you feel mystified but also to draw a smile on your face .
your comment in your post does not reflect that .
if you feel that your post was removed in error or are unsure about why this post was removed then please contact us through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcursedcomments .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/brasilivre if you have any questions or concerns .
he is my friend and i also do have alowwance from him to post it
this is the best thing i 've seen in 28 months and 3 days
and you could also buy the platinum packs with training .
change the vests with the 2 best atk tools you have .
it will lower the pow stat but the increased dmg is worth it .
seriously though what is the contents of that book ?
yeah since i am hoarding everything i need that big stash !
love and death is the highest dps nade launcher atm .
it makes me feel more normal and in a weird way it 's a comfort that others have been through it and i can do it too .
i have just given up trying to classify any sort of music cause everyone seems to disagree any time you try to do it .
i think people choose to do drugs in the first place they choose to shoot up or snort drugs .
no they do n't plan on becoming addicted but it was their initial decision and were aware of the possible consequences .
i did once see it happen on that show first dates '' but finding that and knowing whether it was a lie..
the longer i cured it the better it got .
their mo has been creating markets out of thin air the app store is a good example of connecting payer with providers content functionality entertainment etc .
i did live by the west scranton high school.currently staying in mt .
you just stating what i already said in my comment in reference to base stations .
as it will still all be node related because of routing of packets from one companies networks to the next while all adding small amounts of latency along the way .
but there will be more base stations added to the largest data centers in the future on every continent as it will be stupid to not do it which will add a large chuck of latency because of distance packets will have to travel between networks if not done .
when she always says that when you are 9 years old and have no idea yourself yet .
then when you are a teen and every time you hang out with a male friend she bugs you about him being your bf .
missing out one of my non closed freind and then become one of the best freind i 'd had
obviously your argument and ops argument exist on a grey scale .
how specific are your calls and are you trying to time them and how precisely ?
limited supply and untrusted parties transacting with no censorship bakes a lot of value into its cake already .
there is no reason to bet against it as a general investor but if you 're some expert at shorting bull traps then whatever have at it .
ca n't wait for a second game of it .
i started out as a wimpy noob but eventually have been mastering this creepy terrifying but somehow beautiful world .
i would love to play with your cute little tits and suck and nibble on your perfect pink nips !
it 's not false it 's how it 's worked in wow in the last 15 years .
keep downvoting me if you want but it does n't make it any less true
for those who ca n't access the link this is what this product is about !
first few user tags for this game sniper shooter world war ii stealth multiplayer
'' sniper elite 4 is a smart strategic shooter that empowers you to make your own path ''
'' an ambitious stealth game that handily outperforms its predecessors ''
discover unrivalled sniping freedom in the largest and most advanced world war
and epic longshots across gigantic levels as you liberate wartime italy from
set in the aftermath of its award-winning predecessor sniper elite 4
mediterranean coastal towns to ancient forests mountain valleys and colossal
covert agent and elite marksman karl fairburne must fight alongside the brave
men and women of the italian resistance and defeat a terrifying new threat
with the potential to halt the allied fightback in europe before it 's even
encounter hours of gripping gameplay in huge campaign levels with hundreds of
to your objectives uncover new sniper nests find secret side missions
experience genre-defining rifle ballistics where snipers must take account of
wind gravity and heart rate to land satisfying shots over hundreds of meters .
adapt seamlessly to any combat situation with an impressive array of iconic
hone your combat effectiveness by upgrading skills and tweaking key weapon
traits such as scope magnification muzzle velocity and stability .
climb hang shimmy and leap your way across the game 's vast environments to
get the drop on enemies and deliver killing blows from behind cover hanging
sniper elite 's acclaimed x-ray kill camera returns with all-new visuals and
features now framing your most impressive melee attacks and explosive trap
play the entire campaign online with another player or jump into dedicated co
take sniper elite 's trademark sharpshooting into unique competitive play for
up to 12 players in 6 modes across 6 custom-designed maps .
hmmm this got a lot more complex than i expected it to be haha xd
thanks for explaining though i kinda understand better now i think d
in the cm legendary battle extreme the 2nd battle has a mission of not getting hit more that 3 times .
does anyone know what 's the best method to clear this mission ?
30 days in a place constitutes squatter 's rights ?
funny ... in my state it does n't matter how long someone stays in a dwelling maybe it 's different for hotels as long as they have belongings in that dwelling then they have to be properly evicted by a court petition .
it 's bananas that 's why i will never let someone move in on me without a contract .
i give zero f 's about any hard luck stories ... we all have it hard join the club .
how many times is she going to start med school ?
it ruins the pyromaniac and sadist/wicked with the exception that wicked can be procced on other players .
any reason why you think they 'll place dame after the ffx jobs when she was released between gothic sarah and them in jp ?
ehhh i feel like it would make the game kind of awkward .
like if every room on villa had a door you have to open it would take 90 years to clear from one side of the floor to the other .
and even if you made it so that the doors are open by default and players have to go close them it 's basically just like having barricades .
if you can shoot through the doors it makes for this weird interaction where you can just wait til someone 's opening it and start shooting at it while they 're stuck in the animation defenseless .
that 's why you normally do n't see players breaking down barricades with melee attacks rather than bullets .
and again if you make them destroyable with bullets they 're just barricades but awkward
such a deliberate weapon but imo it gives you really rewarding auditory feedback and just kind of feels good to use when you are n't getting mcfucked by how slow it is .
the herbs are always in the same place and never fail to spawn in .
my game can be at 50fps and cloth looks noticeably locked at a much lower framerate .
i stay because of the incredibly nice people and loving atmosphere
lovely fun games with family and some quick oral test .
or slip the plastic off your deck and wrap it in that .
or do n't smoke if there 's no bin around .
i do n't give a shit just do n't throw it on the ground .
it 's the fucking height of arrogance to think you can just chuck shit anywhere .
i 'm straight and wonder what it feels like .
being rammed by a plastic cock while a dd girl is taking charge
you can try using double cups to make sure the paper part of teabags do n't go in the tea but then take the second cup off after completing the drink and pop a sleeve on return the second cup to the cup caddy thing
after weeks of suffering through the stupid original form of this meme..finally satisfaction .
me snatching gar away from dc we wanted character development not this .
hurting gar does n't count if everyone suddenly forgets about it by next season .
this could 've easily been resolved in season 1 or beginning of s2 therefore giving gar something to do .
you did n't have to bring back the whole trauma god .
we know for a fact there 's at least one out there it 's just not street legal with the windows all smashed up .
with lower settings it might be achievable i think yes
if i 'm not mistaken this is the word in the intro of a lot of the nt letters used to describe the author in relation to christ .
one translation i heard was bond*slave '' but i 'm not sure which is more accurate .
bondslave is basically someone choosing to be a slave to a particular master which makes a lot of sense in the context of the extent to which we 're called to devote ourselves to christ .
i 've always said this we 're both anarchists we just have different ideas of what anarchism is
by that less people just screaming 'fake ! 11 ! !
! 1 ' oat the top of their voice ?
because i 'd love a subreddit where we can just discuss paranormal videos/stories like normal people and not just having a screaming bitch battle on who can scream fake the loudest
jfc does n't even pay respects to brad but uses his tragedy and the other 's as a potent reminder of the dangers of climb .
a man just died and she 's just talking safety .
these types of questions ignorance is why i do n't like the everybody can code '' thing people have these days .
i genuinely want coding to be more accessible easier to get into and have a nice and helpful community but then there are people like this through no fault of their on tbh that makes me year my hat apart .
i do not want to deal with shit they write in future if they get an programming job .
now tbh i do n't know how this conversation went and this guy could actually be interested in learning stuff and open to criticism and i have dealt with people like those .
but in my experience vast majority of people are just mind numbingly arrogant and you just wan na not talk to them .
yeah i used to think it was really boring and ineffective but it turns out if you do it enough you can turn a huge profit
with black friday officially upon us even though the sales have been ongoing for a week now at some places how 's your shopping coming along ?
i 'm into lego and video games but so far the sales have been rather weak for both .
anthropologie has 30 off for bf and they carry sunday riley !
element '' resist up is never worth it and wol 's shields will just become easier and easier to break with each new boss meaning you would end up with a new element to resist each time which can be annoying .
and as for teams i see on youtube i see them with ultimecia ace tidus deuce wol and ramza .
idk if serah will work but that resist up is not worth the 500 points and it 'll just get annoying when you grind for it and worst case scenario is that you need to grind for another when the 1st one fails .
they simply call it super saiyan blue because the name was too long .
i love not shaping my rolls into uniform balls .
i keep mine semi-lumpy as it makes me oddly happy .
excuse me this is a sub for hedgehogs only regardless of how cute your turkey is
not gon na lie it took me a second to find anything of note that could cause insecurity .
she 's from the philippines working in qatar and i 'm american living in germany .
if it somehow crosses those amps over your heart it can but that would require purposeful effort or incredibly terribly happenstance .
the voltage of a aa is too low to push the electricity through the body and heart by itself .
you would need to stab electrodes into your skin and ground yourself to have any effect .
this would greatly reduce the resistance in the way of the battery as electricity flows better thru wet and partially salty flesh and blood then thick dry skin .
avatar her class makes any lux count as 2 units for the origin she 's activating .
and yeah you can active traits such as ocean with a ocean lux alone .
shadow senna malzahar veigar kindred sion master yi and lux 8
also from pa got my medical card 4 months ago and it 's fucking heaven lol .
her name is meant to sound like oni which could be taken to mean monster ogre or demon among other things .
i agree with u/bookchaser there is little chance they fix what happened today when much of the excess capacity is already under contract or taken by other websites who have a serious clue .
costco.com https costco.com does not have a clue as shown today .
i have a few posts about this and i am in downvote '' city by all the costco fanbois but i will be watching a train wreck tomorrow i suspect and if not i may actually get to order my bose headphones and then return or cancel the ones i bought as a plan b since the site was down thursday .
it 's either super cheap and 1000 shipping or just super expensive to begin with ?
hmm i think i misread this as target player sacs a permanent '' .
ceiling on desire is n't you win a game '' you still need tendrils or something .
i played a lot of desire decks and due to the nature of brain freeze lost or effectively lost on my opponent 's upkeep tendrils is n't currently legal in that format .
if this is just a sneak peak i ca n't wait until we see the juicy stuff .
you got ta go up half a flight just to go back down every time you leave .
i did most of savage this tier via pf and surprisingly 90 of the people are just normal people .
obviously you still have the strange 10 but unless they 're the pf leader it 's usually not an issue .
back when oxycontin was a big thing 30 's were called perc 30 's '' cuz they were n't oxycontin and cuz oxycodone is the active drug in percocet they were nicknamed perc 30 .
you 're not getting a per capita because it 's not statistically relevant .
we can have pr ib carrier or some obscure french/italian/soviet project .
i just want 50:50 in faction ratio cv distribution is not bound to al .
garrett cant create tos or not throw them fumble them .
this is a result of turnover prone qbs and lack of defensive playmakers
i bet you have to put margarine on first to take the edge off your vegemite too
its stuff like this that really shows how beautiful the community can be .
if you have one near you there are theatres with reserved seating which can help cut down the chance of that creepy thing happening .
that may be your literal ticket to avoiding that .
you can get an employee to ask for that person 's assigned ticket .
their ticket is n't the seat next to you ?
please note you did everything you could in that creepy creepo situation and i 'm sorry it happened to you !
between that and items getting moved out of there designated spots to be moved somewhere else this happened in my store made things more chaos then it needed to be .
it 's common for abusive partners to not show their true colours until their partner is in a position that 's more difficult to leave e.g .
leaving is the most dangerous time and when the partner can be one violent .
if you feel threatened for your safety call the police .
tell him it 's over in a public place with witnesses .
block him on your phone and all social media .
you 're lucky you found out who he really is before the wedding .
hope leaving goes well and you find someone wonderful .
started playing late october read a lot of the guides and grinded like hell .
today i finished up all levels in singularity and farmed up everything i wanted mp7 thunder 4 five-seven groza .
just ended up not getting high the 3 days i woke up and took some sub then shot dope before the pwds kicked in
i 'm actually beginning to think that she ca n't act haha
i nearly did but i guess it was closer to two years ago .
i thought i was a fraud who would never make it .
i thought i was full of shit that all my ideas were just examples of dunning cruger after all .
since then i got a job building cool shit with partners like nasa and jpl .
i moved from a shithole into a nice place .
i got a girlfriend who is brilliant and nice to me .
it does n't feel real i should get a therapist and work out a lot of self esteem issues but here i am .
i still do n't really get the point but i have enough of a larger perspective to know how stupid i was almost ending all this before it even started .
can you customize your linkedin url to clean up the random numbers https www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/87/customizing-your-public-profile-url https www.linkedin.com/help/linkedin/answer/87/customizing-your-public-profile-url
mayb or she could b hella flirty cause i 'm like that lol and i say that shit all the time and i usually do n't have feelings for that person
considering part of monk 's shtick is being able to focus more on flavor over mechanics when it comes to weapon choice not that much .
i mean technically you could get a long sword for that sweet sweet d10 damage dice for your first two attacks but even then that 's an average of 2 more damage per turn over a quarterstaff .
also hobgoblin monks are totally a thing at least lore wise volo 's guide includes the iron shadow which is a hobgoblin way of the shadows monk that works as a sort of secret police within hobgoblin society .
in these instances can/did you get a refund or a do over with a diff artist ?
the 'person ' said 'three dc movies ' by the way .
and aquaman is just as good as any other marvel film that sits at 85 rt score or above .
can you please explain this i do n't understand what you 're saying at all .
having rich parents sure helps ... .or a career in engineering and software .
cost us the hard fucking work we put in to get the tie .
well ofc he will lose lane if the enemy jgler is ganking him and the ally jgler is doing nothing about it .
i love games where i get ganked dove and lose lane without any jg help and at the end of the game my team has the audacity to say top dif '' ? ? ? ? ?
kink shame the shit out of these deviant fucks .
i like it when the falcons turnover the ball .
they take a few teeth out and you can see a couple of maggots squiggling in the holes .
it 's disgusting but not quite as bad as i expected .
my question is just how they got in there maggots hatch from eggs laid by flies so a fly had to land put eggs in his mouth and wait 8-20 hours to hatch then somehow get into his teeth and stay there .
i 'm super behind but i 'm like a few chapters in
if you realistically want to change the real estate market landscape pursuing a prop 13 repeal is not the way to go with a 55 ca home ownership rate .
it 's been polled tried and prop 13 is sticky as all hell .
reform is the only hope politically and you can hold out for repeal as an eventual possibility .
of course your home going up in value is a good thing and as a general rule it 's something we can count on property to do .
otherwise people would not buy property and their money would be of better use somewhere else .
the issue is that rising values will price people out of their own homes increasing volatility and forcing people to sell homes at lower prices out of sheer necessity .
the notion that repealing prop 13 would have the immediate effect of depressing taxes across the board is ludicrous .
millions of people would be affected by immediate re-assessment of their home value and a rise in their property taxes .
the market effects of increasing home building which can be achieved without a prop 13 repeal would take months and years to realize and be reflected in pricing .
what you 're suggesting while i get your reasoning and sympathize with your position is n't a realistic political possibility .
if we 're serious about changing the system we need to pursue reform .
all you have to do next is learn what might be the sickest bass riff in the history of bass !
honestly i 've never been able to get it quite up to speed .
this is the photo https knowyourmeme.com/photos/1395359-cosplay i do n't know if it 's actually him but his other comics are generally cringey so i 'm inclined to believe this is true and this is the comic https 66.media.tumblr.com/0000ab1d80413b5a1a262d6fab45e0a2/be9965eab8ba6957-ec/s1280x1920/a23e09075b37fb271bda1f68647e497909d65e7c.jpg
jdg really really wanted kanavi but they were mostly in contact with grf management .
they essentially assumed that everything that grf expressed was what kanavi wanted which turned out to not be the case .
i was raped by my ex and the person i was with after him could n't understand how emotionally traumatised i was by it .
he said eventually you need to get over it '' .
if giving head in a taco bell parking lot does n't get you a romantic ski chalet i have to wonder what she 's been doing .
so will lowly creature you meet up with the donald or send rajnath to talk at g20 or shah to talk to french president ?
rika might have done some bad bad bad shit but she just needs some love
this is what happens when you dont buy free range chickens to save an extra dollar
it actually makes my day when they start swearing and name calling like that because i just immediately refuse service .
problem solved you stepped over the line buddy now gtfo !
eddy is literally 3/4 in any direction and you have a combo
players dont respect their buddy matt the way they 'd fear doing that with a real coach .
it has been said that given enough time ten thousand monkeys with typewriters would probably eventually replicate the collected works of william shakespeare .
sadly when you are let loose with a computer and internet access your work product does not necessarily compare favorably to the aforementioned monkeys with typewriters .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
by being a proud satanist but having to pretend to be a christian around family .
i love the perspective in this and makes the dog seem to look like a meatball 😍
i would suggest a bit more detail like a few withered away blocks or paths .
and i would suggest some supporters of sorts to hold up that pyramid on top of the pyramid .
you 're speaking as if this is all merely hypothetical but it 's not .
this topic has been thoroughly studied by the psychological community and studies have proven such behaviors to be incredibly damaging to a child 's health .
around the world 30 countries have banned physical punishment of children in all settings including the home .
the legal bans typically have been used as public education tools rather than attempts to criminalize behavior by parents who spank their children says elizabeth gershoff phd a leading researcher on physical punishment at the university of texas at austin .
physical punishment does n't work to get kids to comply so parents think they have to keep escalating it .
that is why it is so dangerous she says .
after reviewing decades of research gershoff wrote the report on physical punishment in the united states what research tells us about its effects on children published in 2008 in conjunction with phoenix children 's hospital .
the report recommends that parents and caregivers make every effort to avoid physical punishment and calls for the banning of physical discipline in all u.s. schools .
the report has been endorsed by dozens of organizations including the american academy of pediatrics american medical association and psychologists for social responsibility .
physical punishment can work momentarily to stop problematic behavior because children are afraid of being hit but it does n't work in the long term and can make children more aggressive graham-bermann says .
a study published last year in child abuse and neglect revealed an intergenerational cycle of violence in homes where physical punishment was used .
researchers interviewed parents and children age 3 to 7 from more than 100 families .
children who were physically punished were more likely to endorse hitting as a means of resolving their conflicts with peers and siblings .
parents who had experienced frequent physical punishment during their childhood were more likely to believe it was acceptable and they frequently spanked their children .
their children in turn often believed spanking was an appropriate disciplinary method .
the negative effects of physical punishment may not become apparent for some time gershoff says .
a child does n't get spanked and then run out and rob a store she says .
there are indirect changes in how the child thinks about things and feels about things.
i 'm sick and tired of people mouthing off about some anti-scientific nonsense and then claiming it 's like just my opinion man '' when it 's in reality a blatant disregard for the actual facts at hand .
this is n't your opinion this is n't a different parenting style and this is n't insignificant .
it 's child abuse and you 're just flat ass wrong .
i would but my parents do n't trust me enough to make such a long distance drive
not to mention many of their wait staff legit speak hungarian there my in-laws keep slipping into hungarian with them every time we 're there .
can i play as one of the encircled divisions singing about the tragedies of war while explosions and fighting happens behind me ?
yeah no offense taken the battle scenes definitely picks up later on but it 's a commitment so if you do n't like the books up until that point it 's not worth it .
the first book is a little different from the rest but good but after that it 's very action-oriented on the battlefield .
a lot of black company fans do n't like it but i personally think they 're great .
definitely worth checking out but be mindful that the first book is fairly different from the rest of the series which imo is the best part .
hello u/arif_senpai your submission has been removed from r/warframe because it is a disallowed post r/warframe/wiki/other_disallowed_posts wiki_disallowed_posts .
good luck bad luck showoff post please post in the latest warframe weekly moments thread r/warframe/search ? q 22warframe+weekly+moments 22 restrictsr=on sort=new limit=1
if you would like more information about this removal please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/warframe subject=disallowed 20post message=hello 20moderators 20of 20/r/warframe 0a 0amy 20 submission https www.reddit.com/r/warframe/comments/e2y3pc 20has 20been 20removed 3b 20i 20would 20like 20you 20to 20reconsider 20because .
so technically you can run this in australia however you will need to buy a step-down transformer which is an additional cost .
i still hope for the day that dash will release their waffle maker over here .
boost your luck for a higher probability of getting a plan to drop .
there 's diminishing returns so do n't obsess about every last point but you 'll notice a big difference between 1 and 15 .
pro it has a shitload of atmosphere and it feels like you are in a submarine .
to be fair we do n't exactly have the greatest resume in our short existence on this planet .
i was able to start doing that when was 16 and it my personal private holiday tradition for many years
vader sent someone named dr. aphra to naboo on his behalf so the emperor was n't initially aware vader was investigating although i 'm sure he figured it out after vader told him he was looking for luke .
yes it is ... unless it 's white wine then it 's 5 oz .
they are on literal hell none of them exept for charlie are meant to be good people
angel is exageratedly bad and katie beeing homophobic is also obviously portraied as a bad thing
it 's my third year of not seeing my family during major holidays .
they 're thousands of miles away what else am i gon na do .
do n't be sorry i remember being confused too .
even a few months ago when i tried to reinstall it took me days to figure it out .
and then got blocked from their website for some reason and had to be pmd a download .
i need to get more paper for the floor but i like this better than the 1st attempt .
now i need to make and add some extras .
stuck with the same walls since i have a lot of that paper but used a lighter trim and added a window .
they were smoother in my first attempt but i tried making this as a trifold and used one large sheet to cover it instead of three smaller pieces .
why did n't i know how to do this when my nieces were little and still playing with bratz and barbies ?
why would n't they design the mouth/opening to be in a corner ?
there 's another bic advantage you did n't emphasize much starting a fire from sparks requires a whole other grade of prepared tinder vs. starting from a flame .
i carry a ferro rod and get my kids to practice and play with them precisely because they 're worse than a bic i find that the ferro rod is great for helping people focus on the importance of appropriately preparing tinder and fuel .
so i use them as learning tools so that a student is more than prepared to succeed with a bic .
in the past couple days i 've watched brick twice once on my own and the second to show my best friend .
rian is so talented amd the hate that the sw community hates him
all y'all freaking out go eat some more turkey .
dodged the cease and desist but yeah got ta wonder about those physical copies being an ip infringement liability
people will try and say you 're the asshole and give your mom a pass just for being lesbian but you did nothing wrong .
it does n't matter if she cheated with another man cheating makes you an asshole .
it will be disabled along with trade ups for 24 hours leading up to the dec 4th blueprint and rp5 update .
not losing trading forever they made this clear in the last roadmap post on the main rl sub .
back when you needed lv4 i see even less people complain about it .
it 's not a race play at your own pace .
watch chaplin right now and see if you do n't change your mind .
dude you ca n't post this during no nut november .
i 'm a troll who just said it for internet points and not because he is genuinely upset with how his lifelong team won the world series .
i feel trolls like me belong in the trash can .
can you signal where the trash can is so i can go in it stro bro ?
i promise i wo n't make too much noise and bother you by banging on it .
then can i just give u a shiny copperajah ?
r/buildapcsales i find sales year round black friday is n't really all that for pc parts
i think my bag of marbles has 5 dodge because i never update my game .
or maybe wilbur 's flag has 15 dodge and i always choose that instead ?
even if he plays week 16 i would n't start him on his first game back .
yes there are a huge number of questions that this data alone simply can not resolve .
the age of consent varies by state as do close-in-age exemptions .
but even for those in their mid-20s in states with close-in-age exemptions they could be committing statutory rape by having sex with a 16 or 17-year-old .
in other states there is no such law and any sexual contact between a legal adult and a minor is statutory rape .
so for me i just view the literal content of such themes as right on the edge at best of the collective moral conscience at this moment .
as i 'm being pretty permissive with categorizing things as vanilla if they 're not obviously non-consensual or incestuous i 'm trying to be a little more strict with things that would be illegal in many states .
more about a best friend but it 's champ .
binance keeping the coins for their own snap shot .
i 'll probably be using it for 2-3 months tops .
yeah sweety i 'll be back from picking up that pack of smokes any minute now ...
two days offs in a row for the first time since moving here .
did n't work thanksgiving and today is my regular weekly day off .
? 😂 bruh i aint moved countries and i still use it .
they should fix the loop stuck on loading screen .
i dont want to download vpn and other stuff just so i can continue playing it .
i try to and i 've made efforts to say hey from time to time to some people i used to be super close with but fell out of touch .
my issue is that i 'll be distracted and simply not think about it .
when i have n't talked to someone for 2 years if i get the urge to speak to them the socially awkward part of me thinks along the lines of well if they wanted to talk maybe they 'd have said hey '' and end up just not saying hey myself .
like 'ope ' when you bump into something 😂 we simple people we ca n't help it lol
okay but one program i wrote only worked when a message box i made for testing was put in .
at first i thought it 's based on attack and es just needs to have 200 damage to one shot mines but it 's not attacks that kills them it 's the boulder damage like wtf xd
s a c r i l e g i o u s b o i
all the apologists would feel differently if it was their team he fucked over .
i 'm on ps4 too and just picked up the game if you wan na play with a newbie
in order to eliminate spam we require a minimum account-age and comment-karma .
these minimums are to deter spam and are not disclosed .
please try again after you have acquired more karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/exxxtras if you have any questions or concerns .
you 're not supposed to do that in this game .
you 're supposed to use parries force powers and relentless attacks to break down enemies guards .
your strategy should have also varied widely from enemy to enemy .
i do n't think it is her diagnosis or use of meds it is more how she is doing now .
some people need to be on meds and are n't .
and some on meds are still having major issues .
i do n't think mental illness is a positive sign of reliable emotional stability but it is n't a definite negative either .
if she 's good then i think she can be a great wife and mother .
you can still go to bars/college parties and get it that way
but consider this i do n't get invited to college parties because none of my close friends throw them and if they get invited they either do n't care or do n't have enough social currency to bring me along .
i have maybe gone to 2 college parties in 4 years and i hated almost every second of both .
i could go to bars but i have no idea how to even start there .
i 'd need a step by step instruction guide .
i think i may have a mild form of autism or something like that .
yea we should hate them for making a free to play games with 6 weeks ?
update cycle and giving an option to their player base whether to spend money or not on a character that is not essential or game breaking .
oh and other games and their paywalled season pass is also greedy practice .
i can agree there although i think it was contact lenses over cgi on that one .
i think we should take it further and differentiate between good and nice cops .
as we all know what makes the police as an institution bad is that when times of upheaval come up they always side with the state over the people .
i 'd say that good cops would be the ones to throw away the badge and join the people .
nice cops would be the ones giving ice cream to kids before they go and beat up protesters .
the fact of the matter is academia is corrupting peer reviewed journals by pushing their agenda driven drivel not based on actual facts and saying look it 's been peer reviewed meaning it 's true '' there is a cancer in academia right now and it starts with the grievance studies .
i only ever see lode kings as b trains here
i 'm sure luke will get him back on track .
8 is pretty late for thanksgiving especially when they 've already pushed it back and are probably gon na be pretty hungry by then .
choosing to stay late at work when you know someone planned for you to be there by 6:30 and then showing up an hour and a half late would be pretty rude and it 's not an accident like a turkey taking too long to cook
when she was still alive she fucks a dog and that 's how she catches it .
it 's a twitter account where he says his method can not be totally accurate .
i 'm obviously interested in it but where it only measure online sales of dried flower for ontario only it only tells a part of the picture of what 's going on in canada .
i have also found that if you identify things that you do that might make others jelous then it is easier to be ok with things others do .
for example i could get jelous of my friends for talking to others without me but i talk to others without them so i ca n't be jelous .
will swarm be used to provide state-on-demand to stateless eth 1.x and 2.0 clients ?
and i 'm sorry that person intruded on your grief so thoughtlessly .
why do people think it 's ok to try and push their beliefs on the bereaved ?
i think some mean well but have no other tools or framework except the lens of their religion through which to express themselves .
the more predatory are cognizant of how to exploit tragedy to their own ends .
as a scotsman i 'm just going to mention that no one in this country would actually take a goth prick seriously regardless of whether they had a lightsaber .
if darth vader showed up in scotland we 'd be asking him why he smells like a burnt square sausage .
hm i 'm going to be skeptical about this until this news comes out from samsung themselves .
the source cited here is from an email conversation with samsung 's customer service who are known for giving wrong information at times .
it folds up and its used to sit on while picking weeds .
it just sucks ass bending over in the same place for 10 minutes to get all the weeds .
this comment is automatic and does not mean that something is wrong with your post
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/davie504 if you have any questions or concerns .
i never said you ... . it was more of a general comment .
either way i 'm enjoying my first play through on this game so far new vegas
should n't you be talking to the people you 're doing it with ?
or do some people do it alone ahah crack head behavour
ww2 both my grandpas died in albania against the italians when they were surrounded by the germans .
i also know of other grandparents great uncles that i had that fought in the balkan wars .
i do n't actually think that it sounds obvious .
i think the obvious answer is to focus on the racism but that obviously is n't working or we would n't have these issues
my point is n't that we ignore race or the issues that are a function of racism .
racism is certainly one of the main driving reasons that we have the economic inequality that we have now .
my suggestion is that we ignore race as a rationale to push social change that is driven primarily in response to economic inequality and focus on class '' .
that was my last point previous probably badly made i 'm still recovering from a turkey coma .
there are too many casually racist whites in the us who 'll use racially based programs to argue that they 're unfair .
this makes that demographic even easier to keep feeding hate and dividing in the interests of the people with millions of dollars and the means to keep wealth .
if we focus on the economic narrative there 's a chance of actually having people vote the programs into being/fund them .
the pro is sinificantly more expensive in numbers 750 to 1.000 but it was definitely the one i was looking at the most .
also the fact you may get ads on the ui is the worst thing .
they did a great job with tgd despite no pie trade in
i have n't been addicted to opiates but i have had to use one for an awake surgery .
i had a cyst in the lower end of my spinal cord that had several abscesses and just before they chopped me open they gave me hit of fentanyl in a nasal spray sorta thing .
shit burns and it 's real subtle too but when it kicked in i noticed i was n't feeling any pain anymore i felt completely fine .
then when they chopped me open i could feel the movement but not the pain .
i imagine when someone gets that shit prescribed from a corrupt doctor or from a doctor that does n't quite understand how addictive the drug is they just start progressively taking more and more of that prescription until it runs out and they look for more because of the withdrawl symptoms .
better watch out this sub will smash your shit if you do that no they wo n't they 're keyboard warriors lol
so you are saying if someone last i do n't know 2 hours in a challenge but drop out in 2nd that means their bad at challenges
this the way he teared up after mentioning his father .
it can be very lucrative but the value we bring is based on our vertical specific solution .
because of the clear value in our solution it 's no longer a race to the bottom for pricing and we have a strong win rate versus commoditized solutions .
basically it depends on if you offer value outside of the norm but i think that 's any solution .
all of our cyber sales '' started on wednesday for r/homebrewing and will go through monday the 2nd at midnight .
we do n't do flash sales or anything like that but have plenty of fun deals this year .
this submission has been automatically removed because you did not include a question mark ? ''
reddit does not allow post titles to be edited so if you would like you can post the question again .
please write your title in proper question format and include a question mark thank you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah i was trying to make fun of the other guy .
i thought msi max motherboards are 3rd gen ryzen ready ? ?
i ca n't do a bios update i do n't have any spare parts .
there 's exactly one at my gym that has a built-in fan and it 's always pretty much always in use .
makes a world of difference not having a cloud of heat around your head .
ive worked our of co-working spaces in ggn and i think you will have to compromise on some of your preferences .
there is unlikely to be a private office space close to metro in 10k budget .
91 springboard i think they opened a new office in sector 44 close to huda metro
udyog vihar check india accelerator and nimble cowork both close to indusind rapid metro and ia has a branch in mg road also
if you reallly want it to be close to metro check thecircle.work https thecircle.work they are literally located inside huda city metro but yeah it 's expensive
also check https www.coworker.com/india/gurugram https www.coworker.com/india/gurugram they list all co-working spaces
uhhhhhh can u not fam sheesh like how many times do we have to tell you to be nice ? ? ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's been years since i was rank 50 lol .
you have to be rank 50 and beat one of the quests on z hard .
uj yeah i know only some of em feel uncomfortable with it
🥴 it just makes things so much easier for people who look at my papers haha 😎
do you think you 'll game with all that vram ?
also it depends on price difference whats the diffetence between them ?
plenty of people believe bernie can reach trump fans .
it comes up all the time on here but there are still a pretty decent amount of people who do not feel strongly one way or the other .
the entire bernie logic around going with him even though he didnt win primaries was that bernie could activate people who were n't democrats and might go for trump .
if you want to get rich you start a religion . ''
if you want your comment to count toward judgment include only one of the following abbreviations in your comment .
if you do n't include a judgement abbreviation the bot will ignore you when it looks for the top voted comment .
you 're the asshole the other party is not yta
you 're not the a-hole the other party is nta
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
when you spend 4 years in an it degree and the majority of things can be solved or fixed by a few subreddits dedicated to computer fixes and mods .
yet companies want you to have 20 plus years in windows 10 .
went well no issues still not in any pain guessing that 's still the anaesthetic or painkillers still working not groggy at all from the general either .
no peas ice pack yet as it 's not hurting to need it but i 've got a few ready to go 😂
i 'm hyped for the deck but needlefiber coming out also means that d/d is also going to remain better than ignister .
the arrival might give it something but a link 6 that can be squashed by a kaiju is a risky move .
not necessary true there are many vr games with larger maps like zero caliber for example .
i agree with what jay oliva said it 's gatekeeping the character .
saying there is one perfect interpretation is not true when you have an 80 year history .
i understand with cinema you need to nail a a universally loved character whereas comics can be more selective but still saying there is one perfect interpretation of the character is an insult to the characters history .
i would hope the message is 'we wo n't be offering you a new deal ' and i say that as someone who is n't a man utd fan .
he 's floating between reserve team action and first-team cameos right now and so he 's not getting any meaningful minutes at a standard that would improve him enough .
if he has any sense he 'll use the stock he 's built up as 'hot prospect at man utd ' and move to holland belgium or a league with a focus towards developing youth players .
he is too obvious with his dribbling and i think any full-back with experience or nous success him out quite quickly .
if man utd do offer him a new deal it 'll be of no benefit to either them or him .
if they 're that petrified of losing out sell him with a buy-back .
lol are there lots of sf police murdering people ?
they 're inept they 're callous they 're wont to abuse power by investigating pointless shit ... but cops killing innocents in sf is so far beyond a daily concern that i have to believe you 're not arguing in good faith .
if they go to court and lose do n't they essentially have to pay his contract his legal fees and theirs ?
sorry not exactly well versed in contract law or what not am curious though .
there are different ages for men and women to get state pension ?
i was actually half way expecting some of these animals to already be in the game especially penguins and i was very disappointed when my idea for an arctic zoo was n't possible because of the lack of animals in the game .
i seriously hope they add a larger variety of animals into the game dlc or not the game needs more animals !
in my area they ruled that the burden of proof that you were n't the one driving falls on the person accused
thank you from me too i bought one of these a while ago and it does n't like the spot my other succulents are in ... a quick bit of research and i may have to move it somewhere cooler !
as well as a otg cable and usb flash drive in the waistpack .
it 's almost like walmart could probably prevent stuff like this happening if they paid their employees enough to care .
while the default characters will all be earnable for free upon drip feed release the character skins will all most likely be locked behind a paywall .
i am talking skins like mechanic baird superstar cole commando dom .
i will be outraged furious that they will be locked behind a 10 each paywall .
they already tried to release the classic curbstomp for money only .
they need to make a change just like in battlefront 2 have everything earnable for free in game .
make iron like credits in gears 4 giving players a chance to earn it or buy it .
that is the only way this game can improve store wise .
while delivery mac winter marcus retrowave weapons should all be earnable for players just like in gears 4 with 99 of the post launch content being earned from credits or with scrap .
and then of course there is the following scene where he fishes out the mug through a knife storm ... also appropriate lol
automod the following is a copy of the above post .
this comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
i just started 1.5 months ago as a software engineer for a 600-person company .
my team wanted to hire me as an employee but i live in a different state and senior leadership does n't like to hire remote workers .
that being said i 'm not exactly working from cafes in bali .
i am actually physically in the corporate office one week per month and in my remote office three weeks per month .
i work mon–fri 9am–6pm and i am very close with my awesome team .
because i am working for this company full-time it removes the ability for me to create multiple income streams .
i am solely dependent on this company to make my living and support my family .
they have been really slow and sloppy about paying me .
i invoice with a due date of 2 weeks and i 've had to track them down to pay me for the first invoice 4 days late and the second one was due 4 days ago but they wo n't pay it until next friday 10 days late ... and really rough timing since it 's at the end of the month !
on wednesday i sent a few respectful but rather stern emails to the accounting department to figure out what the hell is going on .
my boss also spent a lot of his day trying to track them down so i could get paid before yesterday 's holiday which they did n't do .
since all my bills are due on the first of the month i now have no buffer and might have to borrow money to cover myself until they pay me .
i asked my dad who has been a software engineering contractor and he said that i have no rights as a contractor and that i need to adjust my expectations and sense of entitlement .
so now i feel like potentially an a-hole for expecting to be paid according to my invoice due date as a contractor and for raising a stink '' about it all with my boss and accounting .
at the same time it does n't feel right that i should n't be able to budget accurately .
i have debts to pay off and i also partially support my mom .
i am totally ok with a longer payment deadline n30 n45 ...
i just want predictability so i can manage my personal life and obligations with some degree of confidence .
are my expectations reasonable or is my dad right and i 've been kinda ta for expecting so much ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
well i basically need the stamina rune because wickah needs to recharge all the time and so i 'd rather have it
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our karma threshold .
this has nothing to do with rule violations it just means that your account is either too new or does n't have enough karma .
we have a treshold to prevent spammers from posting on r/dankmemes .
build up some comment karma by commenting on posts and post some cute cats on other subreddits to raise your link karma .
do not use subreddits that offer free karma because you will be banned automatically from r/dankmemes .
the reason we do not specify the exact amount is that specifying that would render this useless as spammers
here have a mod explain it to you in a video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3yajpvb5odg t=15s
in the meantime make sure to familiarize yourself with our rules .
below this is an automated message that tells you to message us .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
u/seeldoger47 by trading in r/giftcardexchange you agree to read the information below
these are known scammers who will steal your money .
you will definitely receive messages from them samehome https www.reddit.com/user/samehome candicandicecandi https www.reddit.com/user/candicandicecandi superyear https www.reddit.com/user/superyear yoshinozai https www.reddit.com/user/yoshinozai
if you are new and have gcx beginner flair you must take this short quiz https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlse13q71pofsjqskwcly4g0veupws-aqpabvprcvi74zkinxbw/viewform .
no one can see your post until you take the quiz .
if you have completed 5 trades in giftcardexchange you are exempt from having to take the quiz and type any code .
check if the user is on the usl https universalscammerlist.com/search.php ? username=seeldoger47
do not reply to automoderator or gcx_bot after the quiz .
make a new comment or no one can see your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/giftcardexchange if you have any questions or concerns .
please note that a response does not constitute a doctor-patient relationship .
this subreddit is for informal second opinions and casual information .
the mod team does their best to remove bad information but we do not catch all of it .
always visit a doctor in real life if you have any concerns about your health .
never use this subreddit as your first and final source of information regarding your question .
by posting you are agreeing to our terms of use https www.reddit.com/r/askdocs/wiki/terms_of_use and understand that all information is taken at your own risk .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askdocs if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't worry keep spreading them to more people instead i am more than happy with the 4iv one o
this article rehashes a single report that mentioned mocking emery .
this just wants to stir up more controversy on the back of emery 's departure .
there 's plenty of valid criticism of the character of this arsenal team but we are n't just villainous children looking to mock someone for their accent and be mean .
i would suggest saving gems for helix and farming chapter 3 or 6 depending on which level you can finish .
then once you have helix maybe the gold/sapphires you have farmed will allow you to upgrade him .
but the food is the best in the armed forces .
turn rate is atrocious but the 5 tac consoles and miracle worker seating is quite nice .
not a meta breaker but it should be a real beast .
that 's a rage ps edit if i 've ever seen one .
smash stock icons do n't have eyes in the newest game
but after i noticed how much i rely on it i switched it to mw up .
i build and edit with qerf so pressing x was hard while building .
mw throws my mouse hand off a bit though .
yeah i want to tell them it 's shit just for the fishing .
it 's clearly not but they must know that !
replenish lost resources terraform planets fix everybody 's damaged environments destroy all criminals and people incapable of contributing to society ever destroy mental illness and genetic conditions make everyone in control of their own fertility remove idiocy make alcohol and drugs not give highs anymore so people wo n't abuse them make things more efficient in general etc .
here are a few tips to minimize your risks when trading in let 's go pikachu/eevee !
most scammers place other users in private situations to avoid having their actions seen in public .
also note that for your trade to count for flair every part of the conversation should be public so that all details can be confirmed .
since another random player can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner is using it is important that you double check that you are trading with the right person .
if you are trading shiny pokémon please make sure that your post and other users ' offers contain the full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules .
this is to provide more visibility so you know how the pokémon you are trading for was obtained .
if you see any posts that do not have the full details please report it so that the moderators can be aware of the situation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
how much would it cost to arrange a plate like this .
i 've never had a warranty on a car one representative when asked why think i 'd be a candidate said they got my information when i test drove a car recently .
never in my life have i test driven a car .
he 's gone you 're happy he 's happy .
get over it and stop whining like a jilted bitch .
celebrate the fact that you 've got kemba and the rest of the team playing well .
reddit is n't real life stop pretending it is you weirdo .
people are confidently saying shit in here that 's outright wrong lol .
why would i give a fuck about any of these people that i 'll never see post again especially when they make shit up .
it 's fucking weird you think how i 'm talking to a username is in anyway related to who i am in real life .
if you do n't have enough faye points ! i believe she does say something like guy would be a good father and does n't side with mc ! so yeah .
that open can of soda is giving me anxiety ...
charlie-boy would you have said the same thing about trump and guns ?
trump gets away with it in your book because he 's white .
1993 mcdonalds twerk charge they phone be bisexual eat hot chip and lie .
it just seemed like we went about 5 mins before he got a chance .
my jeans from top retailers leak if you do n't wash them it 's very normal .
i think i 'll end up with the xs .
i am hooked on the 11 pro camera but it is a huge price difference
like with everything this argument requires nuance and neither side seems to want to discuss it in those terms .
taken to the extreme both sides would be ridiculous .
its like the argument between a pure unfettered capitalism and a total communist planned economy .
we need to evaluate our decisions using data and common sense on a case by case basis
those are n't swastikas they 're swastik buddhist symbols .
seek help you amateur and leave the celebrating to us addicts shooting 5 drugs 200x a day
no as in it 's designed poorly which makes it bad .
being able to attack the round you drop an incredibly large bomb is just plain bad .
free spells yes trap cards have zone limits but spells are essentially free just dump your hand you 're not forced make meaningful decision regarding resource management .
incredibly parasitic archetype implementation which takes any kind of sandbox nature away from the game .
you know a set up is strong when it works on knee
i 've done it out of the heat of the moment it happens .
just because someone has n't done it to you does n't mean they do n't want you that badly they just might be too meek or not the type to do it or like i kinda am i 'm afraid i 'll mess up and slam her face into the wall .
i had repeated normal then abnormal tsh over many years but all the symptoms of hypothyroidism .
my doctor at that time said i was fine .
i finally got a new doctor who told me about the other tests that are far more accurate and got those tests done .
i was started on levo and cytomel which did nothing but later was switched to armour and it was like night and day .
i 've been on armour for maybe 4-5 years now and am much better on it than i was before .
ask for these tests free t3 and free t4 no totals reverse t3 2 thyroid antibodies saliva cortisol not blood sex hormones like estrogen progesterone testosterone etc .
you can also ask for an oat organic acids test which is a relatively new test that checks multiple metabolic markers hormones and vitamin levels .
oat is probably less than 10 years old so most doctors have never heard of it but it is covered by medicare medicaid and most insurance .
the tsh lab test – why it 's useless https stopthethyroidmadness.com/tsh-why-its-useless
i walked into the stall after she left it and it smelled like something .
i could walk in there and there 'd be a stank .
i also sat right next to her and she wafted over from time to time .
one time a manager from another department came over to meet with us and the first thing he said was oh lordy . ''
at that point i knew i was n't crazy .
she also died a few years ago so i feel bad and evil talking about it but she really did stink .
i think she was slowly dying while at work .
click here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=notifier-bot subject=e3q6gm message=click 20 27send 27 20to 20be 20notified 20if 20op 20marks 20 27 5btomt 5d 20 5btelevision 5d 20 5b2000s 5d 20cop 20show 20episode 20where 20a 20victim 20was 20literally 20frightened 20to 20death 27 20as 20solved. 20you 20should 20receive 20a 20confirmation 20pm 20soon. 0a 0a 0a 0amake 20sure 20the 20message 20subject 20says 20 27e3q6gm 27 20before 20sending. 0a 0aofficial 20reddit 20app 20users 20might 20need 20to 20type 20something 20in 20the 20message 20body 20before 20the 20send 20button 20is 20enabled. 0a 0athis 20bot 20is 20still 20in 20beta 2c 20sorry 20if 20you 20come 20across 20any 20bugs. 20pm 20u/adityapstar 20if 20you 20have 20any 20questions/comments/complaints .
if you 'd like to be notified when this post is solved .
f my game just crashed im going to bed !
yea that makes no sense if it 's a grenade or semtex i understand that .
there is sourceable evidence for this and instead you choose to insult me rather then ask for sources https www.techspot.com/review/1946-amd-threadripper-3970x-3960x
intel is using a refresh of a refresh against cutting edge tech and worst of all for them cpus of this calibre are generally used for for profit work meaning double the cash is irrelevant so long as there are good performance gains .
i probably wouldnt be so quick to say it but that doesnt change how true it is .
you could argue that its more cruel to leave it alive and suffer only to die days later
the entire culture of watching-people-play-video-games '' instead of just fucking playing video games is completely beyond me .
i have absolutely zero interest in watching someone play a game while they drone on about dumb shit .
i think you are in the wrong thread my bro xd
i worked at a restaurant once tried saying cutie and sweetie to a young kid ended up calling her cuntie
nah not at all it took me until i was 19 to realize my sexuality .
the middle and high school ages have an insane amount of pressure with having relationships and i was n't really comfortable or ready until later .
if this team is the one that 'll play in next season it 'd largely depend on how the team dynamic works replacing ayyjayy with memory means rogue wo n't have a star offensive player that every other na team has unless kro manages to step into that role .
the only other team without a star player in the rlcs is veloce who had to play near-perfect rotational rocket league .
which i ca n't see from rogue due to kro 's somewhat unorthodox rotation and wonder needing to step-up his skill level .
best-case scenario is that kronovi and wonder had a hard time trying to get ayyjayy the ball because of the way he plays .
then memory being as consistently good as he is without being too ball-dominant allows both players to step-up dramatically .
it 's not the most preferable option obviously but i believe this team can become more consistent however they 'd lower their ceiling not having a player who can truly make his own shot does n't seem like a team that can make top 4 at worlds like the old iteration .
we 'll see what happens might be a flop of a trial period and this discussion is all for naught .
it has a glitchy eye maybe hinting towards this being glitchtraps next material form
it has no organs could it be a replica made for glitchtrap to inhabit ?
remember this picture was added in the updated tff after help wanteds release
could this be the suit glitchtrap/william will take in the real material world
also ealier in the book we see the og fnaf 3 springtrap so this is n't any mistake of the artist why would scott have her draw this new design with a glitchy eye different withering no organs and a different endo without any reason ?
i think most people do n't make strand contracts with high level players they encounter or they ca n't make enough contracts because they are n't liking other players stuff enough to get their bridge link level up high enough about an hour after getting to lake knot i had my bridge connect up to like 50 just by fully exhausting my likes on other player buildings signs etc .
contract with 30ish people and most of the roads i encounter are fully completed .
so do this if you want less work hauling materials for roads do n't do this if you enjoy doing it yourself .
this is one of the only sanders stances i completely agree with .
and they may have felt pressured to participate or were later treated differently for not participating .
what if a company that was almost all men decided to have a man party ?
all the men were attending but the women could opt-out and not attend .
why does he have a piece of drywall corner bead hanging under the tv ?
personally i do n't think she crossed any lines if you 're working from the angle that she is an autonomous human being and she can have multiple romantic relationships that do n't diminish any of the others .
you 're hard verging into controlling her and you should sit down and talk about what you each want out of a polyamorous relationship style .
absolutely not but i would help my uncle jack off a horse .
friendly reminder that dph is unhealthy and dangerous to abuse in the longterm .
dph abuse has been linked to cognitive decline memory impairment and heart/blood pressure issues .
https drugabuse.com/hooked-on-benadryl-its-much-more-than-a-harmless-dependency please research before getting too involved with any substance !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dxm if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks for the input it sounds like a good opportunity and i 'm definitely at least going to take the interview .
my only hesitation is that my friend was a pwm sa at another bb last summer and her return offer was only for their financial advisor development program which is n't really of interest to me .
not like bf before just doubled the orders with discount however sales did n't increase .
hahaha now i can do drugs in peace after i deflight all the birds
billy flynn smirks through all of his scenes now .
inner child work has been very helpful to me but the non-dominant hand method is only one of many tools we can use to connect with and reparent our inner child .
i guess it could serve as a brief introduction but it does n't give a whole lot of validation or background either .
warner if i average 100 at home and 0 away i 'll still average 50 overall and be counted amongst the greats .
you do n't got beating up people you disagree with regardless of how repulsive they may be
antifa has done a great deal of collateral damage over the years
just because you call yourself antifacist '' does not prevent you from being in the wrong or doing wrong
want booker to get angry start playing hero ball alittle more
i see what you 're getting at if it takes a couple 4d universes bumping into each other to create a 3d universe are there 5d universes bumping to make those ?
perhaps at higher dimensions the dimensionality folds in on itself so that there 's no longer discreet up left depth etc .
and the line between 9 and infinity dimensions becomes poorly defined .
i 'm really talking out my ass here to try to come up with an answer for you .
if there are infinite numbers why not infinite dimensions and we are just some of the flattest simplest ones available .
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/about/rules of r/dating_advice in mind while participating here .
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdating_advice we rely on user reports to find rule-breaking behavior quickly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dating_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
search for wapachu1234 's gctrep https www.reddit.com/r/gctrep/search ? q=author 3awapachu1234 restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all
u/wapachu1234 history on trading subs https www.reddit.com/r/cash4cash+gctrade+gamesale+gcxrep+c4crep+slrep+bitmarket+loans+steamgameswap+trade+barter+borrow+gameswap+giftcardexchange+hardwareswap+gctrading+gctrep+redditbay+dogemarket/search ? q=title 3awapachu1234+or+author 3awapachu1234 restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all
remember to check out op https reddit.com/user/wapachu1234 before trading to keep everyone safe !
do not trade with any trader if their username appears on a search at the universal scammer list https universalscammerlist.com/search.php .
if you fail to search the name of the trader on the usl before trading with them you will receive a 3 day ban .
these are known scammers who will steal your money .
you will definitely receive messages from them scaredsweeper https www.reddit.com/user/scaredsweeper was sacredyear https www.reddit.com/user/sacredyear was superyear https www.reddit.com/user/superyear now samehome https www.reddit.com/user/samehome squarehour https www.reddit.com/user/squarehour yoshinozai https www.reddit.com/u/yoshinozai ciganih https www.reddit.com/user/ciganih drome5 https www.reddit.com/user/drome5 apprehensivecarrot5 https www.reddit.com/user/apprehensivecarrot5 traderguy2 https www.reddit.com/user/traderguy2 alem420 https www.reddit.com/user/alem420 poetryandnafta https reddit.com/u/poetryandnafta huntercosts1cent https www.reddit.com/user/huntercosts1cent malialek https www.reddit.com/user/malialek rufus40444 https www.reddit.com/user/rufus40444 7inj3ct3d https www.reddit.com/user/7inj3ct3d never trade with these known scammers this is not a comprehensive list of scammers !
these are only a few of the most common remember a user must comment on this post then you must search the user on the usl this will not guarantee a safe trade but it will lower the risk of you being scammed by a thousand times .
if you have a question about any user 's authenticity message modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gctrading if you have any questions or concerns .
well i mean underage like 10 or underage like 4 to 8 ?
for your next one you 'll want to try to work on making it bend evenly along the limbs there 's some flat spots and hinges on yours that you 'll want to avoid in the future especially with higher poundages .
personally i find elb style bows easier to make in that regard same with twisting .
looks great for your fourth though mine was way worse lol keep it up !
did they just kill a possession because they fucked up the shot clock
i finally got it on 'my ' seed in survival mode on an intended 100 run on cycle 36 this morning .
made a new save every 3 cycles when the printer spawn alerted me .
popped debug blazed a path to poi made sure could still get it reloaded save to leave steam achievements enabled continued on .
got really weird around day 30 once i started getting close to the poi .
had to start reloading old saves tweaking my path to the poi rinse repeat .
i do n't know what actually enabled/disabled getting it .
but i do know that once i had an instance where submitting the bioscan did not trigger the achievement reloading did not help at least the 5 or 6 times i tried after that i said fuck it and went back a cycle .
other than one or two oddballs though if i could trigger it on a particular save i could keep triggering it so once i found my most recent 'good ' one i 'd keep going .
i 'm an agent i see tons of availability in that category on that date .
i am pretty sure we are still not a playoff team even though we fired fiz
i need to be able to remote access my laptop which is at my office when i am away from the office .
did n't know you thought so little of me .
obviously i did n't mention them because you have to save some songs for the album !
i 'm already thinking as your producer a position which i totally should be given btw
so make that 33 and that 's me being extremely generous .
bojack does not have better damage or special move or defense .
stats do n't mean shit when he overall still does less damage and takes more damage .
it 's literally the only thing that makes him a top tier unit .
other than that he 's an average unit in every department .
my dad was trying to send a dick pick to his new wife .
i actually got the oh god i 'm so sorry please do n't look '' message before the picture loaded .
yelena and the other outsiders must be so happy they are on paradis right now .
they may remain as the only non-eldians if eren plan works .
r/pcmasterrace can be a good subreddit to get a feel for and ask questions around .
i 'm hoping so im at the 20 bounties and i 've done way more than 5 so far
the only part i feel should be corrected is the last one .
when i was looking for a roommate a few years ago i wanted to find a woman to live with because i was in a bad place in my life and felt super disconnected from friends .
the last thing i wanted was to have a man i was n't familiar with in my space while i was already isolating myself .
i 'm not tiny but i 'm smaller than most men .
i would absolutely see a woman as a safer person than a man .
but i think the difference here is that i 'm a woman and was very clear that that was why i wanted another woman there .
in the end i found an inexpensive one bedroom instead .
i think they do stress ... the idea that taxes could stop the wealthiest 400 from growing wealth and instead constantly losing wealth to fund stupid shit like infrastructure affordable college affordable healthcare funding our government and paying down the debt anti-guillotine insurance really ... that stresses them out .
never knew it was a cake or death kinda deal .
my 1080 is drawing up to 170w in furmark and stays well below 70°c 18°c ambient with very acceptable noise levels .
a laptop cpu even a powerful one should draw much less power than that .
please keep the rules https www.reddit.com/r/dating_advice/about/rules of r/dating_advice in mind while participating here .
report any rule-breaking behavior to the moderators using the report button .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdating_advice we rely on user reports to find rule-breaking behavior quickly .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dating_advice if you have any questions or concerns .
just finished listening to douglas murray 's the strange death of europe it 's foreshadowing the end of the uk
automod the following is a copy of the above post .
this comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
the night before thanksgiving i needed to pick up some pizzas for the family and called a place of my choice to place an order .
they did n't answer even though it was well within their business hours .
i just kept calling and calling letting the phone ring over and over .
as i worked on my computer i had my phone on speaker and i just kept hitting the redial option every time i disconnected after it went to voicemail .
i did this for 7 minutes and according to my phone records i called the business 19 times .
finally someone picked up sounding really frustrated and i placed my order .
when i told my family about this one person accused me of acting like an asshole saying the restaurant was probably slammed beyond belief they were right about this as i saw when i went there and did n't have time for any more orders and that i badgered them into taking mine with my constant calling .
i disagree it was their choice to pick up the phone and if the ringing bothered them that bad they could have taken the phone off the hook .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
imshael is seems pretty familiar with growing red lyrium .
looks like he was even trying to make red lyrium monsters .
maybe those elves and creatures with red on them really was red lyrium growths ?
looks like a hermit thrush but location is necessary .
i like them all conviction definitely is n't my favorite but i enjoy it for what it is .
have n't played blacklist kinda want to try it but i do n't think i can deal with sam being voiced by not ironside .
this must be from a timeline where lonesome george successfully bred with other female tortoises and single handedly brought about the return of his species .
yeah ... a normal mont blanc starts somewhere around 3-4 hundred dollars ... you could get a fake off of ebay for about 50 ...
i know this is offered often but if you are trying to better yourself what better way than to donate your time to others in some sort of way ?
whether it be animals or people just being there as a companion for a day would be more helpful than you realize .
got god of war and spiderman for the ps4 .
they are on cardboard cards hanging by the books with the movie passes/restaurant cards
yo ur the fuckin man i was also checking all day and got the same tee !
i 'll be honest your psych does n't seem very smart ... closely related to meth '' is not even close to the truth .
ritalin is also called methylphenidate but that does n't mean there 's crystal meth in it obviously .
this video is really good at explaining it https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ul4tvotbgnm https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ul4tvotbgnm
you 've got a good determined mindset going forward and i wish you all the best !
you should be really proud of all your hard work !
you sound just like the rest of them you must really fit in over there .
kobold has a dex buff max it to contribute to your unarmored ac 13+dex
at level 6 cha mod damage on cold spells .
dragon 's breath if you do n't mind getting up close .
get a new cold spell every spell level except 3 .
i always like shield absorb elements mirror image and misty step if you can squeeze them in for durability and mobility .
if you can play straight sorcerer without dying this will pump out really nice damage .
you want to focus on aoe spells that way our two sources of damage buffs are applied to each target you get .
so you play a mini game of lining up enemies .
take armor of agathys extra hp and cold damage .
if you do n't mind waiting until level 10 to get it all online evocation wiz has natually got a lot more flexibility with non-cold spells .
i 've been getting nervous that the person that has me may not follow through .
i really hope i 'm wrong and see a package next week though
you got the right attitude for bringing about personal change .
unfortunately most people ca n't handle the negatives of self reflection .
especially since there is a whole culture revolved around being perfect the way you are '' .
but it gets tiring when it creates constant personal and interpersonal problems .
basically ca n't figure out the problem might just be them .
if you ca n't admit you 've been bamzboozled by a fake tweet before you 're a liar .
if you can then there 's little basis to break out a grand narrative here .
every language has a way of providing shading and contrast .
people are complex and so are their thoughts histories and intentions .
your english seems good so you probably noticed that english has a latin/french layer on top of a low german like dutch base .
words from the top layer sound more learned and formal than those from the substrate .
example anus is a medical term but asshole is what you call the guy who jumped the queue .
your mlm has been declared a ponzi scheme by the government .
go to jail do not pass go do not collect 200 ''
there 's fatties in other countries but you got ta work at it there
well if it 's a curiosity thing or a just wanting to try it thing i do n't think that automatically makes someone gay/bi .
like i 've had sex with women before and i was n't nearly as into it as i was with a guy .
i do n't consider myself bisexual or straight by any means ... but when it comes to straight people having sex with the the same gender i 've noticed that society automatically wants to label them as bi/gay when it 's very clearly not the case for them lol .
like there 's a lot more that goes into attraction then genitals .
koyasu would n't actually voice dio until 2012 and his ygo episodes came out before that .
it 's just a super bizarre coincidence that reminds us araki was the previous universe 's pucci .
you can reuse canning jars but you cant just use any jar you could get ball and weck jars at thrift stores and nobody on there would say anything .
so many qol changes the wild area is dope af .
its harder than people on reddit make it out to be .
i have had to heal or run so much more than any other pokemon game .
and if you try to go through all the gyms with the same team it can get actually nerve wracking at parts .
people hate on the exp share but i think its balanced well .
i have not been over leveled through the whole gym challenge .
his best friend from elementary school is my best friend from college .
we went to rival colleges but he came to visit our mutual friend for parties .
we ran in the same circles and partied together .
we were friends for about 3 years before our first attempt at dating .
he was ready for a relationship and i was not .
our mutual friend gave me a dad-like talking to that began with what precisely are your intentions with my roommate. i responded with ya know bud i think i might marry him someday. that was 5 years ago .
hubs and i have been married for almost a year now .
if you 're still available i 'd take one please room 5180
they actually did except you had to opt in to get it and not only that you do n't get money you get ppto orrr you can wait until january/february to request cash in exchange for the ppto .
i mean one of nazi germanys most notorious actions was ethnic cleansing/concentration camps its not really a stretch to compare modern china with nazi germany .
i mean its about the only time someone is correct to compare a country to nazi germany
so the only way for it to happen would be by force .
the x2 series both on socket 939 and to a lesser extent am2 later in its life was a huge hit for amd .
they took their massive ipc advantage and stuffed a 2nd one of the cores in and the chips still ran cooler then the p4 3.9/4ghz failed skus that intel never released .
intel was caught off guard with the x2 and the value they offered in the data center the opteron series that they panic rushed the dual die connected by slow nb hot p4d dual cores '' into the market .
i remember watching brand new dell workstations throttling due to heat just idling .
the first gen phenom is where amd failed to retain the performance crown vs the legendary core 2 design .
they were a top tier part with nearly 80-100 oc headroom which allowed intel to ramp quickly .
intel had also cemented their mobile claim with the centrino platform marketing and the first gen dual cores based on the core 1 design that followed pentium m .
that oven costs a mint to run though it 's a huge line-item in a pizza parlor 's budget .
the key is using the right old assets the stuff that is popular and missed now that we 're in d2 .
you sir or madam are a gentleman and a scholar .
edit added madam '' although the expression was originally with sir ''
both but it is widely used solely for sex .
being able to run two zones is fun but make sure that the avr can send full 4k hdr via the 2nd zone .
some avrs can do the full 4k to the main zone but not too zone 1 .
i hated the lothric knights that patrol in front of the dancer 's fog .
it took me 50 tries to kill her so i was rather quite annoyed about the knights pursuing me relentlessly every time .
in fact the best moment of my sl1 run was when the dancer killed them both through the fog with a single graceful swing of her fiery blade .
72nd fred meyer is like 10 minutes away from my house but i 'll still drive to the meridian/176 location which is more like 25 minutes from me but at least it is n't such a rough area .
got my orc to winterspring only lvled to 2 right when i got to everlook
if kozuki were d it would have been okay if he did n't talk about oden .
i believe they are trying to introduce the clan because they are a new clan .
i believes roger wants to see a samurai in a closed country because he knows d 's relationship with kozuki .
happy bday to your best girl doggo friend hope u got her something she 'll like ! 😊😊😉
i sent a picture of thomas the tank engine coming out of a portal behind thanos to my crush out of context and died inside
get drunk listen to music and whine on reddit basically .
how many kilometers is smudge going to run today eh ?
i 'm a chick and 100000 thought you were one too then i read the title !
my favourite flashy move has to be the shinryuken .
i have n't played soulcalibur since 2 and man those were some good times .
people should not be able to have pit bulls as pets
actually low gravity would weaken your dps since in low grav you spend most of the time airborne rather than hitting the ground with your feet .
what sort of psychopath listens to king crimson and pink floyd outside of the context of albums ?
do you mean the ipad falls out of the cover buddy case ?
if there 's someone with more upside and scores the same amount of points then yeah i 'll cut a veteran easily .
but you should always be trying to sell high low to improve your team in dynasty regardless and veteran players are a good place to start .
the block change is good at least for the zombies .
i also believe everyone has to serve two years out of highschool
exactly and what if by some fucking miracle he actually knocks him out ...
it takes time to check at the time of replacement .
when one day some idiot tells me not to stack bubble wrap because it will burst the bottom i 'm gon na use your answer
debora kept it up and then publicly insulted him in front of his coworkers based on those same religious grounds .
hr failed to address a blatant title vii issue and instead decided to create a possible trigger for retaliation among his peers .
say op was an observant jew and debora was organizing a pig picking .
op being jewish would n't participate but would n't complain either .
debora pushes it and pushes it and when the time comes pops off with everyone enjoy your sandwiches except op because he 's ca n't have fun . ''
do you fix that by disciplining debora or by taking away the ham sandwiches ?
thus would be an easy damn civil rights suit and i 'm really surprised that op 's hr team is so shitty .
i just wanted to say thank you to everyone who commented it was really nice to get advice and know that i 'm not the only one .
i 'm trying to reply to everyones comments but i 'm probably about to get some sleep .
but thank you all again and anyone else who comments when i 'm asleep lol .
that 's the same music my dad and i share and love together .
i 've got his copy of the wall gbybr and the steely dan discography and they 're my most treasured records .
many people paste with the pea size drop in the middle method
but with the new ryzen chiplet design i have been spreading the paste with a credit card or something .
also your waterblock might only have cooling focused on the middle and this might affect the ryzen chips ...
pussy in hungarian means kiss on the cheek written as puszi but same pronounciation
right he could say no gifts at all this year and that would be fine only homemade gifts but to be broke and then present his girlfriend with a list that includes 300 pounds worth of stuff and that 's just the main gifts '' is really galling .
i assume she 's a follower because for some reason i only ever hear shit like that from religious people as if it 's a somehow a positive thing .
they normalize the idea that living in fear is a good thing and it baffles me .
even if they believe in a higher power that could destroy everything for any reason would n't that inspire hatred of that power ?
a surprise to be sure but a welcome one !
there are so many wangs in china you could say china has the most wangs .
i set some stuff i found from google when i was wanting to do the exact same thing so google brave and the thing .
has to do with accessing the desktop '' version of youtube .
also you 'll have to disable your youtube app .
i was actually doing it to listen to buddhist monks give dharma talks while at work haha .
brave is an app on the app store and the settings are in the app itself .
i just do n't remember what i changed because i was just following some instructions i hunted up using google .
that kid is gon na need so much therapy .
i 'm basically dropping them into it first thing .
does anyone have a link to all of the channels ?
i have a couple i have been able to find from the names in the screenshot
• the dishonoured wolf https youtube.com/channel/ucvejkotfmynrpnx9qeilnqw no longer appears to be on youtube .
how about this if you have any mythic schematic you can pick up and drop other crafted mythics too
i mean you should be safe if your depth is static right ?
seriously i expect jumanji to be way more fun .
yeah the pen mug and notepad in society of the blind eye and the evil morty
thoughtseize was the 1 winner with the least increase .
but did he bring autisim into his quirky attempt ?
you 're comment does n't even make sense in context with my comment .
everyone here seems to be telling you to lose weight but i personally like a girl with a bit of meat on her bones .
if you feel you need to lose weight to be at your best then do so but do n't think it 's a necessity by any means .
your eyes and lashes are enough to give any man a warm feeling in his chest .
the person who wrote this knows that fuel lines are supposed to have fuel in them right ?
mud tires are notoriously bad at driving in the snow .
as you can see in the pic the snow is compacted between the tread blocks instead of vacating that space .
this stops the tread blocks from digging into the ground .
this essentially turns the tire into a racing slick on an already slippery surface .
honestly pig fucking loser trump supporters repeating the same comment over and over is pretty fucking dull .
me too bro and for me shit is 4x more expensive so i know how you feel
weird i think my friend paul designed that havnt played it though .
i already have hd edition so i dont think i will be buying de .
you look like you 're doing great so far !
i do n't think you need to do anything per se but if you want to change your physique you ca n't go wrong with some cardio and weightlifting .
on top of the aesthetic changes it has the more important effect of improving your long-term health .
i figure it 's because i have a set plan i 'm in the process of executing that plan and then somebody throws a wrench into it .
it was n't easy to execute the steps i 've already executed .
it was a goddamned swiss watch and there 's no room for your new cog .
by shoving that into my plan you 've ruined the rest of it .
of course i 'm annoyed and i do n't think it 's irrational .
you know this pretty much explicitly describes the antfa clowns and much of the anti-right mainstream media down to a 't ' .
and you are facing a warrior with 30 hp and 30 armor
you have my sympathy but yes that 's precisely when you should be using spell versatility .
that 's why he saves mars and earth so many times .
naturalism is a fucking philosophy not a type of intelligence ffs
honestly anything to make a game more entertaining is fine by me .
i mean it ' too fast even for that .
unless it was spread airborne and through the water system over a long period and the virus were dormant in everyone 's systems it should still not off the population so suddenly and so fast .
well the picture will be probably different when survivors get implemented .
i really hope we wo n't have to deal with shotgun carrying jackasses getting through our barricaded windows with hammers at night or worse arsonists with molotovs ... would be annoying to have to level metalworking and hoard welding rods and propane torches because the only way to deal with npc griefers is to build a fortress of steel .
after event it will increase ... .thats the same thing for every event ...
can someone please explain the whole news to me ?
no idea why the guy downvoted you for telling him a fact about his player .
have you tried playing around with the turbo multiplier ?
hi your post was removed because it does n't meet rule 2 .
please be aware that the rules ask for a full half of your nose not just the tip .
and in profile we 'd like a full profile .
thanks for posting here and we hope to literally see more of you soon !
personally it 's my favourite for atmosphere and music .
omg i 'm so sorry i could n't find my gourgeist !
i 'm really really sorry but are you okay with a pumpkaboo ?
joe rogan actually said the same thing about luke rockhold on a podcast ca n't remember which episode .
the only reason anyone is getting laid is because luke rockhold did n't get their first .
yes that was the problem i have always used chromium and never had problems like this .
so i thought since i just installed tumbleweed that the problem was that ...
dn verkar köra med slumpmässig paywall på innehållet som varierar från person till person .
om artiklen inte är tillgänglig lägg till check-paywall-v2.js eller vad filen nu byter namn till under filters i ublock/adblock .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sweden if you have any questions or concerns .
do you have any past traumas that are related to commitment ?
maybe your mindset isnt used to the thought of long term relationships ?
just go buy the gold calendar deal they have for 14.99 the gives you 1 million gold in 7 days lol .
that 's not 1 million gold for 7 days no no no that 's 14.99 for 1 million gold split between 7 days .
have you been good for daddy or do i need to punish you
someone will make a skyrim meme out of this ...
i would have felt stressed out that he was pushing for a sale right there .
i think a lot of this comes down to the salesperson paying attention to how the potential customer is responding .
if you seem like you 're unsure and you perk up when i offer a discount for making a purchase on the spot then i could respond with even more incentives .
on the other hand if someone very adamantly says that they need time give them space they could very well come back to make a huge purchase .
mute and report in the report put as many details as you can like round number and what he did .
also try to kick him from match so this piece of shit get a cooldown .
remember guys if you kick some1 from game on faceit prem you need to wait 5 minutes till he gets the cd .
if you dont wait and the game ends before the 5 minutes pass he doesnt get a cd
yesterday we got a very toxic dude in game we reported him all kicked him i got a message from faceit he was banned for verbal abuse xd i hope for 2-3 days
by higher doses they mean just above 750 but still under 1000 .
and to tell you it is not worth risking your health .
taking 200-250mg can work for short time but later sometimes even 2-3 years later you will have issues with blood and more .
then you might even need to inject less than you should have to avoid problems .
okay so im pretty average height 1m75cm and some short 3rd grade kid from my school comes up to me and says wan na fight ?
naturally i walk up to him our chests are almost touching and i look down and say say that again .
lil dude just wan na impress he is n't honna get far in life like that .
you can see the water stops flowing when it is straight it only starts when you rotate it 90° .
these barbers spent their evening filming a youtube video .
yeah it was nice but humanity has many more thankless heroes .
we could create an infinite loop i give you gold you give me gold rinse and repeat
also make sure you have the feminine '' or masculine '' tags removed just to make sure you 're seeing all the hairs available
mash potato pockets ill fuckin sew airtight bags into em tho because cant fuck up my cargo shorts
mines bone stock with the exception of some wheels .
treat her well and you 're sure to have some fun .
i do n't give a f. at the end of the day your a fucking low life .
and that would preclude him from being the biggest superstar in china why ?
stand behind your door and make a video/audio recording of the noise .
do this several times throughout the day to show times and also on other days to show it is consistent .
annotate with your voice during each recording noting time date and how long they have been playing outside and any particular noises like screaming shouting banging walls etc .
do not send these to agent but make notes .
use the recordings for your record only to jolt your memory .
find out who is the strata committee member as well if they live in the building get agent or building management to forward issue to them as well so they are aware .
ask them what actual action has been taken to remedy the situation .
if it does go to a tribunal then you could possibly use those recordings at that stage .
do n't watch enough bills games to know how he plays but he fucking sucks in madden .
i wonder if you might be able to save that change as an overwrite file of sorts however mod makers do it to make reapplying it easier every time .
humans will not always be this inept so it 's possible to scientifically study it .
voges was so good he did n't even have an average against the west indies because he did n't get out in the series .
it does not appear to contain a tl dr or any sort of short summary .
if you feel you are receiving this message in error please contact the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frelationships subject=submission+removed+for+no+tldr message=my+post+can+be+found+at https www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/e3t7n2/how_do_i27m_tell_my_best_friend29f_i_want_to_have and include your problem please note if you feel your post is too short for a tl dr we will likely consider it too short to get meaningful input .
you must make a new post with the amended information .
please ensure that the submission complies to all the rules listed in the sidebar and in the wiki r/relationships/wiki/index wiki_about_.2fr.2frelationships relevant for mobile users .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/relationships if you have any questions or concerns .
i would bet my firstborn child he was in ender armor or hardened diamond .
everyone could just move to the city where you can walk to school walk to the grocery store etc .
remove vehicles from the picture and life would be much safer but then you are living in the city .
i do n't understand why irresponsible choose the suburbs knowing how dangerous they are .
if you get a second to leave a review on juicedb or my site i would be most grateful !
well this was a point jayne brought up a lot of athletes go through university training and they get a degree and they get a cv .
college athletes actually take courses and have exams and so on even though it 's still a flawed system but in esports or in overwatch you get nothing specially if you float around t2 .
oh well i just saw this image on the same sub not long ago .
all i 'm saying is that it 's s repost
we should n't teach people to respect each other we should teach people to grin and bear sexual harassment less they get fucking murdered .
black friday could be a reason theres no special tourney tho
latest update just found out the mythic hammer isnt pba ... .. man.. idk what to say.. i guess the better one is the unique hammer now..
i 'll just use my current mythic jaihin as a fodder i guess..
i 'm still after some trade evolves and sword exclusives i can get you some shield ones ?
i mean there 's the same in nepal just harder to acess cuz way way higher than the alpines
is it just me or is the performance quality stages so much better this year ?
i do n't get that people get offended by the word christmas but if they do i will gladly moderate my communication when around them .
just as i do n't say fuck you to my grandma but i do to my friends .
fuck you has different meanings to whoever receives the communication and the same does all other words .
someone might be offended by stuff you do n't get offended by and vice versa .
but if you offend someone you just tell them it was n't your intention .
my teeth fell out really slow i had to get a couple pulled out
well try and stay as clean as possible and keep your daddy close to clean you up .
your jaw will drop when you see your electric bill with winter hearing .
the fire is aesthetically pleasing but shit for heat .
contact your utility company they may have some energy saving program and can send out a rep with recommendations some with tax break .
find the cold drafts and get handy with a caulk gun or insulation .
the cheapest heat is not losing it in the first place .
may have natural gas in the area propane or oil .
without knowing your location or other details hope some if the suggestions get you going in the right direction .
the rainbow is god 's symbol give it back s
have you realized that in fullmetal alchemist are 2 al 's in the name
we need to ban deep fakes and facial recognition .
and when it 's used for a person it just seems like people are talking about ... something .
which i find sad when they 're talking about their spouse .
we have some of this in france too and it 's too much too .
this is more than texting this is about her blatantly ignoring your wants and boundaries .
this is her being stubborn for stubborn 's sake refusing to answer calls and deliberately acting against you .
those are very good reasons to end a relationship .
as long as it waterproof why not have the fanciest waterproof jacket ?
michael crichton consulted with john ostrom who discovered deinonychus when he was working on jurassic park .
however he chose the velociraptor name because he felt it sounded more dramatic .
basically he scaled velociraptor up by using deinonychus as a base although they 're pretty big for deinonychus .
when the first movie was in development the production obtained material on deinonychus from ostrum .
utahraptor was n't named and its discovery published until 1993 when jurassic park was already released so it was fortuitous that there was an actual dromaeosaurid that was the same size as the movie raptor .
i finally had some time to catch up with the new mr .
watched the first 4 episodes two days ago yesterday the other 4 .
my god is this show good s4e07 is already one of my favourite episodes of any tv series ever .
the thing i love the most is that the last 2/3 episodes really feel more cinematic like an classic art piece telling the story of elliot .
much more distinct lighting slower pacing near real time shots less dialogue .
this is complicated because there 's multiple things to be accounted for .
there 's multiple things you need to make sure you 're doing when doing this .
make sure you 're giving him his alone time with you and i would also set a family day where the entire family goes out and does fun things like that .
if you are n't giving him those two things then you could be missing the issue .
the two girls get to go out together and bond with mom and also be siblings together .
maybe he wants a bit of that family action more than just mommy-son time .
each kid needs their alone time with you and all of y'all need family outings together .
very difficult to juggle probably but it 's part of being a parent .
first article mentions only schema stitching while schema federation seems to be modern approach .
more powerful and you can use it with gastrodon too .
i had one trying to fuck my car last year because it saw its reflection in my bumper .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
it 's a good build if you do n't want to be the main kiter .
i use it because i mainly assist and rescue with him .
if you 're an incredible kiter though go for 39 instead .
pro seers can kite the hunter for ages because they can constantly regain owls while using him .
and this is why mario stats do n't get talked about that much .
for as good as lemieux was gretzky was always substantially better .
by law all edibles in ca must contain no more than 100mg thc per package and 10mg per serving .
there is even a post on here right now of a guy bragging about his black friday haul with illegal edibles .
because of bone headed politicians the unlicensed market is still thriving and the legal shops are suffering .
the state is about to raise taxes on jan 1 further squeezing the legal market .
this could drive more independent businesses out and ensure when the legal market stabilizes it will be in the control of a few wealthy corporations .
i swear every person that does to my sentry switches to spy
tomahawk would be better but i do n't advise manual overclocking for the 2700x just use pbo .
i still ca n't believe this theme was composed by the same woman that made the radiant historia and kingdom hearts soundtracks .
use an atypical pop3 email address like hotmail or gmail
so play more try diff decks you need to get to know decks and on what they relly then u can remove key pieces .
who says the big 3 will surely be at the front ?
just take one of the support teams press auto press batlle press skip and booom you have your rewards after 5 sec animation
i see this cost thing stated all the time .
does n't this depend on the way you look at the calculations ?
in a recent project we had 10 engineers doing autodesk stuff cad on a single server .
the server did not cost more than 60k and came with xeon gold cpus plenty of memory and the gpus .
those 10 engineers would have needed a new workstation each in the upcoming year where each of the workstations would have been around 6.5 7 k sizing based on recommendations of the cad wizards .
so from a hardware perspective you could save money .
i know that licensing does cost a lot but compared to the saved amount of time it does n't seem like that much anymore .
in our scenario there were around 40 cad engineers .
so after the poc the hardware was purchased installed configured and we were good to go .
even with enough spare capacity resources for maintenance of a single server the upper 'calculation ' applied .
given that we would have saved 5k for 10 engineers would result in about 20k for all 40 of them .
for 20k we took a huge part of the licensing cost 'off the bill ' .
before that i was mostly involved in server virtualization so i 'm not that experienced with vdi and let alone graphics for vdi .
was this some sort of unique situation or were we lucky when it comes to pricing ?
just because we did n't get a ua with the revised alchemist does n't mean they did n't playtest it .
also elliot from arsenal vision but do n't let that hold you back .
maybe he should work down a mine or sign up for the army to see stress .
hes in the wrong job sitting on his ass in an air conditioned bus .
you should be able to add an exception of some sort to the rule and put the condition as subject contains 3 spaces
how does this not violate rule 4 and imo 2 ?
i thought it was a clever pun because of the blog/website .
nuts i think that would apply to me as well anyway enjoy the journey as they say
i do n't live in usa and honestly i do n't understand how is that even possible not technically .
homeless broke addicted ... i do n't get it .
and kid on the way ... i am at loss .
how and who is going to take care of the kid ?
no wonder americans are like 250 million or something .
one hot milf that know how to show it off !
call me crazy but if the only thing odd about an image is a young woman being naked in it that 's at least blursed in my book .
i 've never finished a test and it 's gotten me to 2nd so far haha
hello we made a cool video that 's kinda odd and spooky but also really loud so make sure that you do n't get bombarded with the loud noises .
i have been doing omad for around 3 months now .
been a god send tbh as i have the best energy in that fasted state .
i lift weights 3-4 times a week and have been in a 'surplus ' of calories .
i can not put a gram of fat on though !
i have even went into a serious surplus of 5k calories in a 1 hour window for a few days and my weight just comes right back to my usual .
muscle wise i have n't lost any but i have stayed lean if not got leaner than i was .
i really should be up about 6-8 pounds over these 3 months based on my surplus .
do you think my body is managing to actually absorb all this food ?
i have been eating even more now to test how much i can push this but i ca n't keep going on with an insane amount of calories in an hour .
it 's fun but not an everyday event i want to tackle .
i do n't usually care to much for celebrity culture but i have been seeing cody simpson around a lot on the internet mostly because of his recent relationship with miley cyrus .
it just seems to me when i see videos etc that there might be something missing upstairs for cody simpson .
i tried looking for it but it 's like it dissapeared .
after reading through the bolvar vs sylvanas thread we assume bolvar is weak very much so due to frostmournes absence .
but just what would be the most powerful weapon on azeroth .
admittedly i 've not played since pandaria so i have no idea as of recent weapons but i 'll list a few below as ideas .
should the blade ever be reformed how much power does it hold ?
warglaives of azinoth illidans iconic glaives do they hold any other power other than the skill of illidan himself ?
having fought with frostmourne and survived a powerful weapon indeed .
the ashbringer the blade of the scarlet high lord purified from taint of scourge destroyer of frostmourne powered by naaru light .
the ultimate weapon on azeroth or a shadow of its former glory ?
doomhammer a weapon passed through the generations of the orcs a powerful weapon of thrall more recently in the hands of players .
rebuilt by players many moons ago after being destroyed .
is the power with the holder or does the staff have it 's own innate strength ?
offered by tichondrius to illidan in exchange for power last seen as a mere trinket at the black temple ?
is the skull if considered a weapon still loaded with any power at all ?
thunderfury blessed blade of the windseeker hero of 2 trade chat .
are there any other exceptionally strong weapons presumed missing or in the hands of npcs ?
hey guys please suggest me strong weapons for a lightning trickster .
i would like to get my main damage from savagery combined with wps .
i have a nex ortus saboteur and experimented with stormheart combinations but nothing comes close .
there are many people on internet who call themselves as web designers and web design companies .
pro web has changed this old traditional way of interacting with the web pages now users can continue to keep on using the same web page while new elements are being updated or fetched this can result in much faster interactions and reloading of the content .
like any other e-commerce store there are three basic requirement of the site at collective level that relates to the front-end design for the providing best user interface and experience having a simplest workflow of the web store or the application the back-end of the business application as well as the process of the payment methods integration to the site web design company dubai https www.prowebtechnos.com .
you need to check out whether the price will be a package for entire project or a recurring monthly fee and whether factors like content pricing domain registration etc are included in it .
all these factors need to be considered while selecting a web design dubai https www.prowebtechnos.com company and do not forget to make a comparison between a few companies to get yourself good services at a competitive rate .
for more information please visit our website https www.prowebtechnos.com https www.prowebtechnos.com
i 've written rust bindings for a c project and have an error specification given as follows
i wrongly assumed that the only concrete error type was outofmemory and the higher levels were just for structuring .
so i implemented it as nested enums so permanenterror resourceerror outofmemory ... is the concrete type .
now as it turns out resourceerror is also a concrete error type with outofmemory being a subtype of it .
i can add a variant to the resource error itself to represent that but as outofmemory should really be a subtype of it it 's not an ideal solution .
so i need to somehow implement inheritance if i want to fulfill the spec 100 .
since the original impl is in c with error codes i can do some string matching to implement '' that .
now someone can call error.is_resource and it returns true for both resourceerror and outofmemory thereby being able to catch both error types as the specification demands .
so is this an acceptable form of error handling in rust or do you think i should stick with the enums that most people are used to ?
i 'm also open for other suggestions on implementing the subtype relationship .
i am playing the trial version atm and for us there is no server browser .
i already bought the game but i will get the download code in 1-3 days so i have to wait and luckily there is this trial version we can play atm .
i want to ask if you can rent a server in battlefield v. or in another way are the servers there from other people ?
has anyone waited not been able to participate in the event even though buying a pass ?
after the window of the event what did the tasks change to ?
i know i 'm late and this will get buried but i just wanted to tell this story on askreddit even though this whole post is just a rehash of a question from 3 days ago basically asking what i would do if i had the option of slapping my cheating abusive ex girlfriend in the face for 71,069 billion fucking dollar bills but i 'm whoring for fucking karma and i desperately need you to read this story that you absolutely will agree is just like any other story that anyone else can comment ... but i 'm too lazy to go through the ‘new ' tab and gamble my comment away even though it does n't cost me anything because who the fuck knows if new posts get me any karma anyway because who has time to work for karma because i ai n't getting paid for this shit because the conversion rate from karma to real life happiness is smaller than my uncircumcised penis so let me just announce that this comment will get buried in an already popular post and mention that no one will see it in hopes that you pity me enough to read it and stick a fucking orange arrow in my ass so i have a hard time getting my morning poop out .
does anyone know of any new model android tablets that can hardwire to an hdmi output ?
i have spent hours trying to find something new with either mhl or micro hdmi .
i 'm looking for a female companion to talk to and basically make a friend mayhaps blossom into something ... 3
i love memes gaming and cooking with a bloody passion and i enjoy reading and drawing .
i am somewhat shy and e x t r e m e l y w e i r d but if you are okay with that then we shall be fine .
if you wan na talk just dm me or comment something funny .
hey there i am new to this game and really do n't know what to do ...
i do n't have enough canopy coins to build up the skill tree or enough diamonds..also how do you guys get so good characters ? damn i am jealous..
please tell how to farm gold and increase the power of my fighters
i 've been playing since forsaken first came out and i 've honestly never actually ran a raid or done a strike with people i can communicate with ...
i 'm open to anyone who 's willing really i 'd appreciate the experience older players have and i 'd be more than happy to start showing some kinderguardians the fun parts if the game .
message me your psn if you 're a loner gaurdian like me !
i 'm hoping to find a crew that can run fairly regularly .
the classes of sandstorm are alright for the most part being defined largely by the equipment they carry and some bonuses .
that said i think that their roles can be improved somewhat with the following changes .
though the supports themselves could be tweaked further to be more useful .
explosive artillery gun runs and rockets especially the rockets could add in heavy audio and visual suppression while gas barrage could cover larger areas and not be stopped by buildings and walls they need to cover the area like smoke .
reasoning supports would thus have added utility as ways of softening up targets before attacking them especially since they can be avoided almost entirely by getting inside hard cover .
reason remove the incentive for players to play the class for fast caps focus on the role of covering commander and calling in supports .
reason gunner has little to recommend playing it realistically as a suppression class since there 's little in the way of suppression in the game .
this would at least allow this one class to focus on suppression and team support .
change move all tools weapons and equipment that can destroy chaches in one hit molotovs cough cough to this class exclusively .
maybe also make it so that only gunners can use their launchers mines and c4 .
reason prevents the all too frequent cache rush by other classes .
also makes sense in that equipment like launchers and explosives requires training before it can be used .
change remove all 1 hit kill guns svd for example from the class or make such guns a lot more expensive for this class .
reason overabundance of dmr style weapons make them a bit 'meta ' and makes the class overlap with the necessarily limited marksman class .
change give them observer 's bonus to capture speed .
reason meshes well with their role of being the pointmen of the team who breach and clear objectives .
gives them greater incentive to take point for tbe rest of the team when clearing buildings .
reason emphasise the role of the class as long range support makes rushing into cqb a riskier affair .
when are the devs gon na put something into the game that everybody wants ?
ive been waiting since season 1 for them to enhance their emblem creator .
that will lead to more customization options on your character too .
and let us have more than 5 symbol options .
let us go in depth to create a symbol that suits us as individuals and give us more options .
i 'm trying to understand why because why ca n't you just use na2cr2o7 to oxidize a primary alcohol into an aldehyde and not add h2so4/h20 to produce an aldehyde ?
apparently the presence of h2so4 h20 is what allows aldehyde to oxidize into a carboxylic acid .
classic tetris gauntlet is going to have a tournament to commemorate the end of its first season season of fire .
i like to formally invite you all to come to participate in this tournament .
all you have to is be able to stream to twitch .
an emulator is fine as long as you are n't using turbo functions .
the prize pool is currently at 45usd 35 from me and 10 from members of the tetris community .
prize pool grows anytime there is a donation during a gauntlet related event .
there are two brackets the gladiator bracket and the contender bracket .
if you have an ntsc pb under 600k you will compete in the contender bracket .
new players are completely allowed but the minimum level start in matches is 12 .
if you have an ntsc pb over 600k you will compete in the gladiator bracket .
this is also where the bulk of the prize pool is won .
this saturday night and sunday night we 'll be getting people set up so they can be ready to play matches .
here the short informative video with more details https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=uxhh1k6cl6a https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=uxhh1k6cl6a
i keep my controller with me because i never know when ill hit one of locals in the evening or play with colleagues at work but i 'm afraid of damaging my controller while its stuffed in there with all my other things or lean back with my backpack on in the train .
does anyone have recommendations for a carrying case for a gamecube controller that will also fit in a small backpack ?
ideally something hard enough to protect the ticks from getting squished etc .
there 's a few on amazon but most are for wireless 3rd party controllers and things like the lightshield seem to be kind of niche .
maybe a generic carrying case not meant for a gamecube controller that fits ?
i want to upgrade my graphics card rx 470 8gb
maybe to an vega 56 blower design and currently at 200€ in germany or should i 'll wait for the rx 5500 xt ?
lil marco trades away drew brees dallas goedert and mark ingram and lil juthin is giving away desean watson devante parker matt brieda and hockenson .
i hear people mostly online sometimes irl talk about their iq but i do n't know how they actually know .
not once in my academic career i 'm a college grad was i asked to take an iq test nor have i heard of anyone taking an iq test .
how is it such a common indicator of intelligence i know it 's highly contested when seemingly most people have never got it tested ?
items prices may differ at the time of buying !
i 'm buying any knives/gloves/hightier skins at good rates .
tradelink click here to send offers https steamcommunity.com/tradeoffer/new ? partner=152666898 token=ghomxu9z
after my factory reset i realized not all of my photos are back .
i forgot to back up some folders like my downloads or picsart folders .
is there any way to get them back or are they just gone ?
last year my boyfriend and i were driving in virginia for a concert with our car with new york plates and got pulled over for speeding and received a ticket .
we went home and despite a ton of pestering from me did n't take care of the ticket .
he has n't looked into any repercussions from the ticket and although he does n't seem super concerned i totally am !
i tried google and that left me with little clarity so i was wondering if anyone has experience with this or might have insight ?
i 'm worried his license is suspended and he does n't know but i do n't know if that 's possible from just one unpaid speeding ticket or not !
their origin was unclear and their intention even less so .
an impossibly large formation of the creatures accumulated into a kind of juggernaut that had rolled over much of the northern japanese countryside before anyone knew what was happening .
i remember turning on the news that day and seeing the first reports the panic-stricken faces the grief-torn victims .
in their wake wherever they went the maggots left behind a message in the rubble where is ishii ?
village after village house after house all in pursuit of ishii .
many men with that name had come forward and tried to help but apparently they were not the ishii the swarm was looking for .
the government assured people they would get the situation under control .
massive doses of pesticides were being prepared for dispersal .
i looked at this whole ugly mess with a certain detachment .
with the sort of arrogant detachment one would expect from someone about to fall victim to a terrible disaster .
there is a kind of narcissism inherent in the human condition i think one which simply does not allow for the consideration of a world in which you do not exist .
we are so used to the world filtered through our perception that we begin to think that perception is reality and that the cessation of one necessarily leads to the cessation of the other .
so all throughout that week i went about my daily business heedless of the looming threat .
even when the news began to lose its confident patriotic faith in the government 's ability to handle the situation at first slowly and then all at once turning shockingly cynical and angry i was not concerned .
even as my neighbors began to flee our small town urging me to follow i wrote their reaction off as paranoia born of an unhealthy naive acceptance of the worst pundits ' worst fears .
everything was going to be fine i told myself repeating it as a mantra holding it up as a talisman against what some part of me must have known was the reality of the situation .
rubble ruined buildings and shell-shocked children they too were repeated as if a mantra though they were not precisely a talisman in the same manner .
they symbolized the terror my words were meant to suppress .
the area marked off on the maps which appeared on the nightly news reports was growing larger by the day and was coming frightfully close to my hometown .
the images beat down on me from out of the soft incandescent glow of the television screen provoking a sickening terror which was somehow simultaneously relaxing .
this question was on the lips of every journalist every late-night show host every politician .
if anyone knew they would certainly have answered the beasts ' frightful question .
they were a frightening enemy formless and without even the capacity for pity merely their ever-present question
and then one day after i returned from a long day at the factory i turned on the news to see a development in the slowly unfolding tragedy .
shiro ishii the infamous war criminal now dead some 60 years .
shiro ishii the man who had terrorized the chinese countryside during the darkest years of wwii overseeing the capture and imprisonment of thousands of unarmed civilians for use in cruel and inhuman medical experimentation .
the sorts of things one finds in the worst nightmares yet ishii had made them reality .
the government 's aggressive strategy was not going well .
so it was thought harmless for ishii 's body to be exhumed and brought to the malignant swarm .
they demanded over and over again even as his body lay within arm 's reach .
governments have known this truth for as long as warfare has been practiced between organized polities deindividuation makes it so much easier to focus the rage of the populace .
an impersonal enemy one without husbands fathers and sons can much more easily be slated for destruction .
the maggots had made that task trivially easy they had no recognizable individuals .
yet all the anger in the world would not in itself force their retreat .
collectively as a country we entered the stages of grief .
however i was still frozen in denial as the swarm darkened my skies for the first time .
with a force not of this earth the maggots descended on my small corner of the nation .
i saw entire buildings caught up in their rage in the distance their roofs flattened and then annihilated by their overwhelming power .
it became increasingly clear that there would be nothing left of the village when their onslaught was at last finished .
i stood in awe before them for a time utterly transfixed by their capacity for destruction but also by their commitment .
all of this terror and evil born of a genuinely righteous desire for justice or so it seemed .
if anyone deserved the wrath of the maggots it was shiro ishii .
but how many good men had died at the hands of their obsession ?
how much had been destroyed by their inexorable crusade ?
onwards and onwards through the houses of the guilty and innocent alike without regard for any of them .
it was like heaven and hell a divine judgement .
a reckoning with reality itself yet one devoid of justice .
it was an awesome sight both inspiring and saddening to see such power gone to waste on a futile mission .
yet there was a certain honor in their single-mindedness their surety .
like a lover who would go to the ends of the earth for his beloved even in futility and yes even in death .
those thoughts echoed continually in my mind as i sped away from the scene of the devastation and saw the swarm etch its never-ceasing message into the earth once again
with his price floating around 750-800k now shout out to the people that brought the price down to the 600-650k point earlier today .
please vote for the user who you want to see win not who you want to see eliminated .
notable characters the antagonist is a shadow similar to a stick figure/portal worker i think that the antagonist relates to a star .
other details at the title screen you see the title along with an air vehicle likely a plane which means the 'how ' of the plot is that you crash .
when you get caught you snap lying on your back looking up with the antagonist looking down at you .
the screen has a red/other colour aura around the screen .
if you want more info i will try my best to pretty much shift through the memories of like 4-6 years ago .
thinking of having him on the bench for rotation while i mostly play chilwell got him from gw 1 and never dropped him as i had no clue who to replace him with at the price range taa and lord lunstram .
my 5th def is kelly who was bench fodder at first but did save a couple of my gws w 6/7 points .
now i 'm in a spot where i do n't have enough money to pay off gladys to progress the story .
this game seems to suck for that particular reason .
how do i raise 10k just to advance the story ?
our first pair of gerbils were boys who lived until they were four .
last week we got two females born approx 14th august .
today i noticed one was lethargic and took her to the vets .
vet could n't hear any ticking or unusual heart rhythm and prescribed the usual 'baytril and antiinflammatory ' prescription having diagnosed 'some kind of infection perhaps ' .
this evening she got worse fast twitching and shivering in a way that looked like fitting seizures and staying very still in the corner of their tank
i 've separated them into two tanks for tonight as i 'm very much doubt she will last the night and have heard horror stories of gerbils eating their dead tankmates .
should we lose her what on earth do i do with the one left alone ?
presumably she 's sexually mature and will be difficult to introduce to another gerbil and even if it were possible there 's only one pet shop within 2 hours of me that sells them and i really doubt they will sell me one as they house them in pairs .
i want to have a plan in place so i can sleep !
when does the next set of objectives come out and can i use them in the current icon swaps players or nah ?
i am a current p4 who was diagnosed with anxiety during my p1 year failed one class biochem and had to repeat my first year .
after failing i was diagnosed with depression and struggled to get through p1-p3 year and am finally on rotations .
i had to stop going to my therapist due to rotations being all over the state and now i am feeling completely incompetent .
i completed my first blocks with my community and two electives which went pretty well .
now i am onto my hardest rotations and i am honestly freaking out .
anytime i am asked a question my mind goes blank and i start to panic .
presentations are my worst nightmare and i have started to sweat through my clothing and stutter while doing them .
i also am staying at a family friend 's house due to the rotation being 2 hours from home and that is hard because i feel like there is no safe space to go home to .
i have done some research on imposter syndrome and am constantly trying to find ways to help with my anxiety .
i do n't want to feel like i 'm drowning anymore .
tl dr should i tell my preceptor that i am struggling with anxiety and depression ?
i am nervous that they will think i am making excuses and i also do n't want anything negative tied to my name .
i am planning on spending more time reviewing the more common disease states that i will see and trying to improve myself overall .
i 've been fucked before but only a few times and it 's been a while .
if ur hung or like it tough its fine it 's ok to use me .
i 'm not fem i 'm heavy and cant host .
so far i do n't seem to need to hoard anything at all because there seems to be no crafting .
are the gems usefull for anything or can i just sell them ?
the subreddit brawl stars empire is the home of brawl stars !
there are always replays memes funny moments update ideas brawler concepts and more !
join it to enjoy very cool brawl stars moments !
i have an older home the original wall oven was a gas oven a magic chef .
i checked everywhere and people/appliance stores keep telling me they do n't make them they are not in they are not safe the demand has really fallen .
i have tried to have it repaired and the control board was sent away and i was told its unfixable .
whatever so now i have to put in a electric oven plug and switch to electric .
do you guys think this is the right thing or should i stick with gas ?
gas ovens are very expensive and hard to find electric wall ovens are everywhere .
remember this is a wall oven and not a range/stove .
its been 2 years without a oven wife bought a toaster oven and its time to get a oven .
currently prepping for a final round interview at epic systems in madison wisconsin .
old reviews on glassdoor say that the interview consists of a bunch of programming tests and written tests but all i 've been told by the recruiter is to be prepared to talk about a software project that i developed .
does anyone have info on what the final round looks like ?
i 'm setting up pure-data v0.50.0 for my debian box and the default interface settings that loaded in are unusable to me .
there is hardly any contrast of text to background .
she got a new one and immediately reinstalled the app but she had previously beaten all of the campaign and most of the battles .
all she cares for is the crawl mode and she was super bummer out that she has to repeat the unlock process .
please add a feature to unlock crawl without beating 50 campaign levels redoing them just feels like a drag since they are super easy .
imo this button need n't be hidden most players never reach crawl which is an absolute shame .
also an import/export feature would be cool in case this happens again .
yesterday i started the fight with the enderdragon but as i was shooting down the crystals my game froze .
i restarted my game and i found myself back at my house .
i went back to get my enchanted stuff but it was nowhere to be seen so i just went with my old diamond armour and my game still froze in the end .
i have no idea why this happened and i ragequit afterwards .
on friday afternoon i planned to stop by my moms house and when i got there she was asleep and not answering the phone or door ... so since i had some time to kill i decided to initiate my first radnonaut quest using an attractor point .
my intention was to gain insight into a specific situation/spiritual journey i 've been on for 3 years .
the first point was at a residence 1101 rose blvd when i arrived there was a man in a ball cap getting into his car .
111 remove the zero from the address is significant for my intention and also a man wearing a ball cap is significant although not uncommon so possibly just coincidence .
i did n't stay long since it was a residence so i plugged in another point .
on the way to the next stop i saw some license plates god blsng and g sleeve ?
then i saw a man in a gray/green sweater g sleeves haha !
the attractor point was at another residence the house number was n't significant but in the yard there was an unusual planter in the shape of a pyramid painted yellow and red .
not sure if it 's significant or not but it 's noted and i took a picture .
since i did n't really get anything that was too specific i decided to plug in a third location .
on the way i saw license plates such as daddy 's girl king size watr4lyf these are only slightly coincidental but noted lol while i was on my way to the third point my mom called and asked me to come back so i planned to meet up with her after i left the third location .
the third location was a park and i had planned on taking my dog for a hike that afternoon anyways so we proceeded to hike to the third point .
the only thing that i saw at the point was a sign that said living on the edge which i thought was kind of interesting .
at this time i was getting a weird kind of dizzy feeling like around my eyes and like i felt like i could n't really focus my eyes very well .
i passed by a couple people running or walking on the trails .
the only person that stood out to me was a man who was a birdwatcher .
the reason why he stood out to me is because years ago i had an intuitive reading that described a person who is involved in my spiritual journey and therefore also my intention as being like a birdwatcher .
i have been thinking about this person while setting my intention for the attractor point and so i thought that was interesting .
as i walked around the park i thought that would be a crazy synchronicity if i saw a bluebird because the reader described me as a rare blue macaw that the birdwatcher was searching for and ever since then blue macaws or blue birds in general have been a sign for me .
as i walked through the park i actually got lost and so i probably ended up at more random points getting lost !
as i exited the park i passed the bird watcher again and because i had my dog with me i made a comment i hope my dog is n't scaring away the birds he chuckled and said they always come back which i felt was kind of significant for my situation that i was intending to work through on this quest .
a few moments later a blue bird swooped in front of me !
so i go to my moms house and i tell her about the fatum project .
she was intrigued and so we decided to go together on another quest .
she set the intention to see a glitch in the matrix we ended up going to another chain set of 3 points .
the first point was on a street named clearview right next to the location point was a house that my mom was familiar with bc her brother 's ex gf patty pat is also the name of the person i mention being connected to my intention lived there when they were kids and she had to break up with her on his behalf when he went to the navy what the h*ll ! ? ? ?
on our way to the second point we saw a license plate that said any road which we both thought was super cool .
the next point was not really notable except there were some football plaques outside but idk if that is significant to her at all she did n't really make a connection .
it took us to a housing cal de sac behind a mall near by also located behind a mall was a church my mom used to go to regular aa meetings at .
the point was directly in the center of the cal de sac at a gazebo with mail boxes to the left of the mailboxes was an address of 555 and just beyond on of the houses in the cal de sac was one of these huge cellular towers that have been sprouting up everywhere .
it was such a creepy space and my mom commented that if there was a matrix then this was like a hive for clones .
so she was intrigued by the whole experience especially the first point behind related to her childhood !
she made a comment that all the points were like a few hundred feet outside of her normal beaten path but place she would n't normal venture too and for that she felt like it was a positive experience to explore unknown places in her own town !
it gets better ... ..so with all the questing of the day i decide to go home so i drop off my mom and head home .
as i 'm on the highway i decide to take a detour in another town and do one more point ... the point was in a wooded area between the back yard of some houses and the highway ... i did n't feel like trespassing bc it was rainy and cold so i decided to turn around .
i got turned around a second time trying to get back on the highway and when i looked up to check out which street i was on it was called clearview ! !
i called my mom and let her know about the synchronisty of randomly finding another clearview in another town !
and we continued to talk about some things between us and we were actually able to clear the air on some stuff w out triggering upsetting emotions which can be an issue for us at times .
it gets even better ... ..so after all this randonauting and emotionally processing w my mom i finally return home .
shortly after that a friend hits me up and wants to stop by after she is finished grocery shopping .
when she arrives she shows me a video of a blue macaw she was talking to at the grocery store !
it 's just so amazing how everything came full circle twice and how even the process helped me and my mom !
i had such a positive feeling for the rest of the night !
ever since starting to run a terror build yesterday my legendary drop rate has more than doubled .
i 've gone from 1 legendary every 30-45 minutes of gameplay to 1-2 every 5 minutes !
i 'm running through tvhm on m3 but that was the same before i started running a terror build so that 's not the cause of the increased drop rate .
i 'm running phasezerker amara with max bonuses to cool down rate and i 'm using phase lock so i essentially have constant terror with the apply terror to self on action skill end annointment .
selling my laptop because i dropped out of college .
laptop is 5 months old and it 's a tongfang barbone bought at a dutch reseller called bto .
as seen on pictures it 's in perfect condition and comes included with the original box as well as the invoice for guarantee .
comes with a bto sleeve and a usb c to 4x usb 3.0 converter.looking to get 1400eu .
ok not actually bethesda 's fault at all not even a little .
i was killing scorched for atoms in the top of the world .
i was loaded down with tons of weapons and junk .
there it was a bright pink chained wrapped bat on the screen and then it was gone .
i tried to not hit the button but i was spamming it .
at level 250 with over 1000 hours this was the first pink bat i 've seen in-game .
you were awesome for the 0.5 seconds i had you .
i regret a lot of decisions i make but.. god i want to die every time i am thinking of it .
i found myself very depressed over the last years .
i know that the first 4 are for the duo-trio albums with their solo songs or at least that 's what it seems to be on sif and there is kind of a aqours '' equivalent jimo ai manatsu wa dare natsu no owari natsu e no although i do n't think they 're promoting the solos they seem just more like a summer song thing
but i 'm wondering about the last 6 duo-songs .
will aqours ever get these kind of songs ? ?
i 'd love a kananmari or a youchika or hell even a rikoyoha and/or yoshimaru/maruruby
since we did n't get a rinpana solo okay i know they 're the centre 's of arashi koi no dakara but still .
is there any plans for this sort of thing ?
because i do n't believe we have any pair songs for the girls that arent those summer songs .
on the ll fan wiki and in the live show where storm in lover is performed moshimo kara kitto is played right after .
just another small small piece of nozoeli to add to the dumpster fire .
it was hard for me to pin down what the problem is games just do n't feel right and as responsive when playing .
i have avermedia portable gaming plus 2 connected to p4 and pc .
it 's kinda weird that basically that apple tv app is essentially an android tv app but they only chosed to only support fire tv and even certain fire tv devices too ?
can anybody confirm to me if this related to some sort of amazon 's google play services equivalent ?
can anybody here kind enough to confirm to me if they 're able to extract the apple tv app and make it install and work on their android tv box ?
bonus question lastly i know this has been asked multiple times here now but can we also extract the amazon app store amazon music audible app from the fire tvs to be installed on android tv ?
will we need to extract and install the amazon services too ?
hi everyone i have recently completed high school and have begun my first year of working a full time job .
i am trying to save as much as possible to benefit myself as best i can for the future .
my main goal is to save for a house deposit .
i have looked into putting more money into my superannuation each week as a start .
my ultimate worry is that just putting my money into a savings account with little to no interest return each month isnt enough and i could be doing smarter things with my money .
i 'm actually looking for anything whether it be just chatting or potentially meeting up in future maybe even a travelbuddy in the future ?
i like to talk about anything so if you have an exciting hobby i 'm all ears !
kinda looking for a new hobby myself so maybe you can inspire me ?
i listen to wide variety of music but atm it 's pretty much hip hop exclusively .
some of my favourite artists are travis scott lil uzi vert a ap rocky etc .
i love driving or walking around while listening to music would love to go on a roadtrip through europe one day .
1z0-1004 exam is for one of the widely demanded it certifications that brings attractive career prospects .
you can use 1z0-1004 dumps for the preparation of such valuable it exam .
it is really important to prepare well for good understanding and great result .
you just have to visit exam4help to download this smart guide at cheap price .
it will definitely be a great experience to study from oracle 1z0-1004 dumps pdf https www.exam4help.com/oracle/1z0-1004-dumps.html .
qualified experts have made sure that you easily grab a complete sense of the discipline with enough information to answer any question in the final exam .
it is highly recommended by these experts that you start your preparation early before the exam so that you can afford enough time for perfect preparation .
it will not take much time to peruse through 1z0-1004 compact material but its better if you do n't push yourself in pressure zone .
many useful services here will polish your abilities and train you according to the exam format .
it is guaranteed here that you pass this exam at the first attempt with spectacular result .
you just have to listen to the directions by the experienced experts to make your best in the exam .
you can get help in many forms from here while trying to touch your dream .
you can see many it professionals around who have sought help from this smart guide for exact preparation of their exams .
professionals owe thanks to the experts who made such an impressive and effective study material that provides a quick course .
you can learn about its usability only with experience .
it is incredibly useful material that can give you enough confidence to pass at the first attempt .
it is possible to experience 1z0-1004 study material without any charges .
you can avail a free demo version and check out the real status of experts ' work .
this quick demo will shatter your doubts about short study material and will replace them with confidence .
you should download this free demo version now without a second thought to start your study as soon as possible .
experts have adapted an impressive style in the form of pdf questions and answers .
by download 1z0-1004 questions answers https www.exam4help.com/oracle-financials-cloud-test.html you will know separately about every important topic with required extent .
it is the same style that is used in the final paper to test your competence .
so this format will also train you for the best performance in the final it exam .
nothing will be new for you while attempting the exam .
experts have assessed the material quality and verified it and that 's why you are given passing surety at the first attempt .
they play a great role in the career building of the students who trust them .
during the preparation from 1z0-1004 dumps you can ask experts for any suggestions for better preparation .
they fulfill their responsibility to cooperate with you during your study to make it as productive as possible .
under their supervision you will make use of the best of your abilities .
it is highly recommended that you use an online practice test for revision of course and improvement of your learning .
you are standing at the point where you can take a road leading straight to success .
1z0-1004 study guide meets with all needs of students for good preparation and online practice test fills any possible gap with intensive training .
1z0-1004 pdf smart guide can be downloaded with a little amount after affirming it with free demo version .
it is so proper guide that you get a money-back guarantee if you respect the study conditions for good preparation .
you are not asked for hard work but you have to do a full reading of this short study material and it is an easy task for any it student .
money-back guarantee gives you the right to claim your payment back in case of unsatisfying result in the final exam .
mostly students get worried for payment methods but our platform gives you multiple options to choose the most suitable method for you .
it has been done to make 1z0-1004 dumps accessible for everyone .
you should not get worried for anything now and download pdf file from exam4help for complete preparation after paying price with quick payment method .
you will definitely enjoy your reading experience under the supervision of our experts .
it will be beneficial and interesting to practice on exam simulator .
you can contact us at info exam4help.com mailto info exam4help.com anytime for further queries regarding exam or material .
hey do you know any games are similar to trails of cold steel series ?
i 'm trying to find something to quench my thirst for cs4 .
throw out some suggestions and i 'll check them out .
edit sorry for not mentioning but have already played the fire emblem games and persona games
edit 2 have played falcom games worth of note like trials series tokyo xandau and a little ys .
so i have a small qeustion suggestion about armor off lighly armored cars trucks .
i am no expert regarding this but was it not the case that machine guns where able to penetrate damange halftracks in ww2 ?
or you could even add in armor piercing machine gun ammo though i am not sure how much these where used
i personaly never realy use dedicated machine guns since pretty much all divs can get support guns for roughly the same price and range and those guns are able to fend off halftracks and other light armored cars .
so again i am no expert on this subject but i do think it was the case that machine guns could penetrate a few mm off armor and hat armor piercing ammo on their disposel .
right now i 'm working on my license to practice as an independent therapist have probably a year left before i test .
i work full time as a supervisor/outpatient therapist in a behavioral health agency .
i 'm putting in 50 hours at the office with another 5-10 hours at home .
i 'm 24/7 on call supervise about 40 cases and have 14 of my own clients that i see so i can do my clinical hours for my license .
i 'm the only supervisor for a program that doesn about 200 hours of direct care a week .
we have crap benefits no communication between anyone multiple useless electronic health record systems instead of 1 system you name it we have the problem .
i 'm having some difficulty finding full time work that is not for this style of agency or a residential facility .
i 'd rather not be beaten with a fire extinguisher or have my orbital socket broken no really that happens in residentials and i have more management experience then clinical .
i 'm 3 years out from school and have spent 2.5 in management and am looking to just be a clinician .
i 'm done being the pin in a grenade and the last line of defence .
i have found options for contract work that could take my commute from 1 hour to about 15 minutes .
it 's a very popular practice with a great mission i know i would have clients .
do i start just contracting on saturdays until my client base builds and keep my horrible full time job for a while do n't really know how i would manage that ?
do i leap in with both feet do n't really have many expenses and have some savings but it 's also the holidays ?
do i take a contract job and pick up a local prn position to supplement ?
do i take the contract work and continue looking for another part or full time position to have more solid income while getting gobs of direct hours for my license through the contract ?
thank you for all of you for helping me out to correct on a lot of my errors .
i have added and edited the sentence would you please review it one more time
english is my second language korean native and my grammar is n't good either .
and also thank you r/proofreading https www.reddit.com/r/proofreading to provide great platform
you 'd been deep-diving on the internet having got side-tracked while you were studying late one night when you stumbled across it – a genuine peer-reviewed article about the many benefits of cum .
as you clicked through and read the article carefully word-by-word it quickly did the trick .
it had convinced you that you really needed to incorporate that magic white liquid into your life more .
without a boyfriend however that was going to be difficult but then you thought about me your roommate and all of the cum i must have been simply wasting every time i masturbated and how i could be shooting it all over your food or into your coffee or covering your face and body with it for you to use as moisturiser/lotion .
it would n't be that weird – after all this was n't sexual or at least not initially right ?
this was about your health – and anyway you 'd be helping us both out .
and so you knocked on my door with a plan in mind waiting to see if i 'd be willing to accept .
kinks cumplay excessive cum facials creampies cum on clothes interracial anal titfucking public/outdoors threesomes sloppy blowjobs giving oral/rimming
limits toilet stuff animals blood and gore rule 34 anyone underage
≡ đồng hồ olym pianus 58072msk-d chạy bằng máy quartz có độ chính xác cao về thời gian khả năng chống xóc của sản phẩm cũng rất tốt do máy quartz có máy móc liền 1 khối được bao bọc bởi 1 vòng nhựa chắc chắn .
u/wendoverproductions ' videos why trains suck in america https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=mbefzucloaq and why trains are so expensive https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=fwjwepe-hma inspired the privatise amtrak https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amtrak '' option
u/wendoverproductions ' video the us government program that pays for your flights https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=u1a73gdns0m inspired the roll back essential air service https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/essential_air_service '' option
this comment https www.reddit.com/r/futurewhatif/comments/bqpe1i/fwi_the_government_of_india_makes_an_announcement/eo96mhz ? context=3 by u/southernbeaumont inspired the privatise the interstate highway system https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/interstate_highway_system '' option
which promise would gain or lose the most voters ?
which promise would gain or lose the most campaign funding ?
which promise would be most effective at reducing pork barrelling and corruption ?
which promise would be most beneficial to the nation in the long run 10 years later ?
so everytime i see that clip of bojack ditching his mom at the senior home and he sits down to talk to her .
she snaps out of it right before she says that last word .
she knows where she is and she 's connected what has happened in these last few moments .
i really do think she just wanted to be nice .
she saw her son being nice to her after all those years she treated him like sh..
so she bites the bullet and let 's him think he 's doing something good .
i read this short story some time ago and ca n't remember the title .
i think it probably takes place during the 30s-50s ? ?
the story itself was most likely written before 90s ? ? ?
i 'm sorry i ca n't be more specific than that i 'm just guessing here .
the family is a working class family and their tradition/pattern is that the men in the family will all follow in dad 's footsteps and go to work at ... .some sort of manual labor job because they 're tough guys .
then they all stay out late and go drinking because this also adds to the manly tradition .
the problem is the protagonist the young son in the family is the artistic/creative kid who is n't very strong or tough and this bothers dad because dad wants the son to follow in his footsteps .
mom tries to encourage son 's creativity mostly to piss off dad because their marriage is n't a happy one/there are problems etc .
eventually much to mom 's dismay son does end up working with dad and joining in on the manly traditions .
it ends with mom waiting up quite late at home for son and dad to get home after a night of drinking .
she 's disappointed and it 's not exactly a happy ending .
i think there 's also a part in the story where the book shoots a bird ?
so ever since the last patch my textures wo n't load .
complete maps in multiplayer/co-op and certain assets in the campaign like the truck you get in on the first mission just look like blurry polygons .
i seem to recall there was a music video from potentially 2006-2008 this was around the time i saw it and the music was likely heavy metal that was dimly lit featuring these furry puppets with huge fangs and possibly claws .
i recall them hunting or fighting another group of puppets and turning the slain enemies into bone instruments to finish playing the song .
the puppets may or may not have been colorful blue green pink and may or may not have had eyes .
every time i see lost cargo from another player in shared storage i just take the cargo out immediately turn it in as lost cargo under entrust and then collect a bunch of points .
i feel like this is n't how this process is supposed to work though .
i 've realise i 've never committed to the longer lp 's of the main channel .
i 'd watch the kotor one but i ca n't bear to watch a dark side playthrough .
one year ago i asked to switch with the other quality assurance position on the other night shift there are 4 12 hour shifts at my workplace and my supervisor works days-i work nights .
on night shift the qa is the entire quality department .
he told me at the time i could not switch as there was n't an opening .
3 weeks ago the qa position for the other the other night shift was posted and taking applicants in the form of signing your name shift you are on and date of employment .
i have expressed a minimum of 3 times i want the opening since then .
my bff the other night qa is training the noobie tonight his first training night .
he told her he was going to be on the b2 shift which is the one i want to go to .
i immediately texted my boss and asked him if i had or had not gotton the position .
i 've got 7 years experience and seniority over every single sign-ie .
i 'd like to add the 40 operators on that shift want me as does the supervisor .
no response which is unusual as he is a text happy man never puts his personal or work issued phone down .
who do i go to over this is after speaking to him if he still says i do n't get it ?
the production manager pulls the most weight in the company .
if they do n't give me the position i clearly deserve would it be appropriate to contact the better business bureau ?
or if there is another organization that will help me make them be fair ?
this is a company with 29 plants on several different continents .
i 'd like to add i was recently diagnosed with a cancer that i had every intention of working through save for the occasional fmla day i may need my fmla has been approved and i plan to keep hr a part of this .
i worked through cancer in 2007 while going through chemo and radiation .
it would be a snap to get my oncologist radiation and pulmonologist dr 's to write me out for the duration .
i do not want that i want to work .
so besides the better business bureau who would help me ?
i will appreciate all suggestions and plans of action .
will update after monday morning when i 've had a chance to speak to my super and anyone else required .
hey i want to get a lives of the saints book soon and am looking for recommendations .
i know it 's probably been asked loads before but i 've just gone from 36mg to 54mg today .
i 've gone into over-analysis and do n't know how i am thinking or should be thinking .
when ı go to the some system ı cant remember name ı explore some satellite but it was spinning so fast that he completed 1 full turn around his planet in 10 seconds that i saw something for the first time i was shocked i tried to catch i 'm get orbit it and spin with him i wish i could get video but my computer is very bad .
let me preface this by saying i believe the double title match we 're getting is naito vs okada .
would this mini tournament even be happening if kenny omega had n't left right after wrestle kingdom ?
the reason i say this is because that happening inadvertently took something away that naito could 've used this year and that is the ending of the g1 winner 's losing streak at wrestle kingdom .
so in a sense i 'm also asking if the double gold dash would even be necessary right now .
i stumbled upon this fermented elderflower soda recipe during my internet searches and thought that some of you fermenterists might like to try it !
or perhaps it is common ferment but i had not heard of it nor have i tried it before .
normally i make kombucha drink kombucha and hang out at r/kombucha but i do enjoy popping into r/fermentation as a spectator from time to time .
hopefully i will be able to get back into the wider wild world of fermenting soon .
obviously it is not elderflower season but i knew if i did n't post it now i would forget !
so has anyone tried this before and if so how was it ?
my first real girlfriend and i just broke up and i 'm running out of people to talk to .
she 's been a part of my life for the past year and is the first person i ever brought home to meet my family and did holiday stuff with and it just ended .
she goes to college 3 hours away but we see each other almost every weekend .
she started pulling away a month ago and after confronting her about it she said she had family stuff wanted to take a step back to being friends .
we tried that for a couple weeks with the understanding that we still had feelings and i had a strong desire to get back together .
after slowing down in my classes nightly drinking flare ups of past mental struggles repeated complaining to my friends reaching back out to my therapist and nightmares about her i decided to confront her again .
i asked her if we were just delaying the inevitable by talking and masquerading as best friends and she got mad at me .
i tried to talk to her more and she just asked me what else there was to talk about .
i tried to explain my meaning and my desire for us to not resent each other but she refused to talk .
i know it 's probably the right call in the long run but it just sucks .
i feel like i 've made everyone around me sick of me talking about it and i 'm just feeling lonely .
i do n't know if this is the right subreddit so
i 'm sorry if this is out of place but i just needed to talk .
would n't it be cool if he started calling himself by his father 's old epithet .
i mean i do n't really think it 's gray 's style to call himself anything but his own name but since the nickname is n't really his i would n't say he 'd be above using it to honor his father .
trying to post in hongkong subreddit but it appears no success yet .
a smart home producer aqara needs several testers of its products from hong kong or macao .
the task would be to test a hub sensors and/or led bulb compatible with apple homekit and scheduled for the launch in hong kong .
of course the tester will be able to keep the sample and use them as much as they want .
no matter how experienced you are the only requirement is to be able to use homekit app on your device s .
they leave people smelling so bad and awful that it becomes irritable to even focus .
i have seen people douse themselves with so much perfume or cologne that it does more damage than it helps .
it can not only be disgusting to smell like a flower bomb but it is very detriment and disingenuous to those around you .
same people complain about bad people having a strong stench ironically your flower bomb also has a strong stench many people ca n't endure .
i just do n't feel much of anything towards them .
they 're nice and all but i really do n't feel any more attachment to them than i would a friend 's pet .
i would never say that to their face though .
i 'd risk my life to save theirs if it came down to it but in any normal situations i 'm blank .
i do n't particularly enjoy talking to my them .
what relationship we have had has deteriorated because of my attachment issues .
my dad even came up to some of my friends from work to ask them about how i 'm doing .
they claim he broke down into tears over it .
i do n't feel guilty or sad by any means .
i want you guys to tell me if theses ships are poo poo and how to improve them
the way ive been handling combat right now is if i can see the enemy 's fleet illd counter what ever they have in there or if i cant ill send in my fleet of anti shield battleships '' and anti armor destroyers '' also is corvette spam a viable strategy
my girlfriend has been 100 supportive and completely involved in my transition so she took off work to come along .
we 've only met the doctor a couple of other times and from what i could tell she seemed pretty laid back .
i have to admit the atmosphere of this place is definitely different than your run-of-the-mill physician 's office .
there are pride flags on every wall a huge basket of condoms right at the front door and every employee seems to be in the middle of a gender identity crisis but hey are n't we all ? .
tranquil music plays from every speaker in the building and a security officer is posted in the waiting room assuming for the prevention of hate crimes haha .
after updating the nurse on my progress i have a micropenis and 4 chin hairs she mentioned that i was due for a pap smear but assured me that it would not be done while i was sober a prescribed dose of anxiety medication .
she told me to come back within six months to get it done and then went on her way to fetch the doctor .
as soon as we were alone my girlfriend and i were cracking jokes as usual .
she 's mentioned needing a new gynecologist before so she asked me a very simple question .
do they take ... she struggled for words for a second normal people ? we both laughed and decided to ask the doctor when she came around .
and since we found the phrasing of the question hilarious decided to repeat it to the doctor .
needless to say she did n't appreciate the humor of the question like we did .
she gave us both a very disapproving look and there was definitely an awkward silence before she told us she considers all people normal and welcome in her clinic .
my girlfriend got so flustered trying to convince the doctor she agreed completely and was just joking around .
i had to step in and assure the doctor that i thought it was funny too .
man i wo n't be letting her live this one down for awhile .
hey boys so i have been busy keeping track of my streak on this chart
the last 5 days have been marking it in between green and light green either having no urges or few urges that are easy to deal with .
i have been posting regularly on this subreddit has anyone else noticed a correlation between posting on this subreddit and lower urges to masturbate ?
i 'm currently a first-year first semester do n't hurt me business major and i fear the longevity/practicality of my major .
for those of you who are engineers what is math like in college ?
i 'm at a community but honestly the last time i did anything math-related was junior year where i did n't apply myself and slept my way to a c. i work part time will i not have time to work ?
my friend is trying to convince me because of the salary/prestige of the career .
what missy elizabeth lauren aaron and others did was awful .
as someone who has seen this time of thing first hand it is awful .
i 've seen people wish all these people lose their jobs .
i even had people wish dan death not all on here on subreddit of course .
but i ca n't wish that negativity on anyone .
what i do hope though is that something positive comes from all this .
my hope is that the contestants learn something huge from this experience and can use it in a positive way to make the world a better place .
and perhaps the darkness of tonight has a reason beyond what we see .
maybe some really good powerful things can come of it and can help many people in this world who are struggling .
i can only hope and that is my wish for what comes next .
wish for the negative to become something better not something worse .
i am trying to use ytaopal on my phone and have the taobao app but when i copy link from the share option all i get is
it does n't load anything when i paste that into ytaopal
is there anyway i can get the desktop link from taobao app so i can paste it into ytaopal search item bar more efficiently ?
i 'm trying to complete 'big oil ' i have tried several times by myself but to no success any help would be greatly appreciated .
i am to lazy to find all the actual cut pokemon but i think recreating this pokerap with only the cutted pokemon could be useful for the people that wan na know wish pokemon is not in sword and shield
i 've hit another road block in the script i 'm writing .
basically i wan na create an edgar wright/worlds end type shit scene with a montage where my protagonist has to interact with a bunch of different but interesting characters .
i want to design these character as if they were straight out of the office or parks and rec .
y'know the type of characters where you know their deal immediately but they 're still very entertaining to watch interact e.g merideth palmer or ron swanson .
anyone know any shortcuts to writing good quick but interesting side characters ?
has anyone used a 80 arms lower with predominantly aero percision uppers ?
i am trying to get an idea of how well they fit ?
i am looking for a bcm replacement for the 50 or so folks at work .
right now we use business contact manager for outlook 2013 but we will soon upgrade to office 365 business premium and use outlook 2016 .
bcm is not supported in office 365 and microsoft just announced this week that bcm 's successor outlook customer manager will be discontinued in june 2020 .
i am wondering if anyone has any tips on free or cheap alternatives to bcm/ocm .
we currently have thousands of business contacts and have created custom fields in bcm to tag these contacts based on certain subject matters .
for instance if the contact is interested in one area that we specialize in we have created a custom field to tag that person as interested in this area and then we send targeted marketing emails to that person and others who have the same tag .
even better would be one that we can easily import contacts into from bcm even with our custom fields .
do n't get me wrong it feels nice knowing that a major film company listened to their fans and changed sonic 's appearance but the new trailer somehow seems worse than the last one .
it looks like the director did n't know what they wanted the movie to be so they just threw in a bunch of nostalgic stuff without any substance .
obviously the movie 's not out yet and it could be good but at this point i just do n't get why people are so excited over it .
also its rounds seem on tier with high alpha assault rifles or lmgs .
i know it 's a 3 kill streak but it 's pretty bad even by static mg standards .
advanced uav seems over in an instant although the effect is good .
i feel as though the pavelow could use some additional damage although it 's pretty tough to kill with rockets .
it 's 11 kills technically more valuable than a chopper gunner
he needs some more health if you ask me .
that said that minigun is a fucking power fantasy and a half .
he 's 15 kills though so ... he could be tougher .
unrelated to balance but is there a way the a-10s could be changed into su-25s when you call in the precision airstrike as the allegiance ?
i 'm talking about the english version of the game not the korean version .
i have been using ubuntu for years and i am making the switch to elementary os .
i want to get involved more in the community around elementary os so i am wondering what tends to be most needed ?
best place to put time into besides personal interests ?
we are specialize in making contemporary affordable amp living spaces .
we have forayed into various project category with vision amp to create living spaces .
bringing for you specially designed planters and flower pots for your gardening needs and indoor decoration .
our team of designers after having traveled across the world strives to bring you the best of designs to suit your style and class .
in order to fulfill our commitment towards environment we make it a point to use at least 100 recycled material in our products while maintaining highest quality .
the most eco friendly plastic plant pots planters and flower pots .
we design produce and sell eco pots made from 100 recycled plastic and ensure they are sturdy beautiful and stylish not only today but also tomorrow and even in ten years .
attractive planters and flower pots provide house owners a flawless decoration options to showcase their beautiful flowers outside the home on the patio or in the garden .
also as lawns grow smaller one can still create the perfect garden in a flower pot or planter .
to meet these needs creek side gardens carries an extensive range of decorative and utility empty flower pots and planters for growing flowers and vegetables .
our plastic flower pots https urbanbagicha.com and planters are lightweight any-season use durable and available in a variety of styles sizes and colors to fit any gardening project .
kundi planters garden pots pot plastic pots garden planters outdoor plants plastic plant pots plastic flower pots flower pot outdoor plants pots in pune india pots for nursery large pots for plants wholesale pots https preview.redd.it/uz7t61pnfly31.jpg ? width=864 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=bf6854605e61519157e33bb184ba16296ab1380f
in buddhism and in daoism the founder and the successor are longevity .
when he is dying he still teaches the buddha-law for his disciples .
his successor dajiaye and ananda live to more than 100 years old .
they are neither being hanged up because of crime or sin nor being murdered .
on the contrary they have died naturally in peaceful mind .
the first founder of zen in india is dajiaye .
as we have mentioned the dao defined by buddha sakyamuni is zen .
in the time of buddha sakyamuni he did not use the word zen .
do you know who the first founder of zen in china is ?
he also lives to more than 100 years old and is dead naturally in peacefully mind .
they themselves are one of the persons who are in the huge wealth and are the nobility and have educated well in the worldly before they learn the dao .
so we could find that those who are in the huge wealth and are the nobility and have educated well in the worldly would have the higher achievement in the realm of buddhahood once they are willing to go into the path of buddha .
that is because they have already liberated from all suffering including the suffering of death .
since they have the ability to help people to liberate from their suffering that is why they are not dead in suffering let alone to die for others suffering .
the teaching of liberating from the suffering in life and death is the key teaching of buddha .
now i 've seen it i ca n't unsee it the stellaris logo spaces the last three letters awkwardly like stella r i s .
t e and l do have a bit less volume to them than s a and r and i understand the principles of kerning and spacing letters so they do n't look too full to the eye .
the bottom part of my image is an edit i made to make all spaces equal widths and sure it does look a little tight at the end .
but now when i look at the regular logo those last three letters do look way too open .
if so has it been a waste of money or has it provided real value ?
cerveausys enable you formulate strategic human resource management system https www.cerveausys.com/services/hr-od-consulting-practices/strategic-human-resource-management-system.html and organization development policies for achieving management goals .
a competency framework is a collection of competencies that can predict and produce successful performance in a particular organization .
competency framework establishes a sound scientific and validated foundation for all the critical human resource processes such as recruitment and selection performance management career planning leadership development and compensation/rewards .
i actually really liked my surly little brother i understood he was only that way because his whole life he 's always been secretly jealous of both hawke and bethany because unlike them he is n't a mage and malcom never really spent that much time with him .
he just ca n't admit that because he 's a grown man now and that would be pretty embarrassing .
i think he also loves hawke very much but he shows it in a very different way i always remembered in acts 1 2 every time i 'd go up to a templar or try to start trouble he was like hakwe what are you dooooooing ? ! ? ! ? !
you 're a mage ! and in my experience at least that was a way of him showing his love for you .
i just think as someone who is the eldest child and the big sister to a grumpy little brother who i love with all my heart in real life i could really relate to the whole carver hawke sibling relationship and i found it frustratingly heartwarming to have him with me everywhere i went until he took his own path in life and became a grey warden .
i am looking for a female friend ages preferred are 23 to 59 .
i 'm the only one of my friends playing so need friends for the event .
a female friend who i may or may not have had a crush on a while back has been ignoring me for about 3 months .
i 'm blocked on whatsapp and ignored on discord .
we barely talked in person in the first place as we had separate friend circles .
any further information about myself her to an extent or anything else i 'll be happy to give but how can i help get our friendship back on track ?
that 's all i 'm interested in from her now .
i have always been far too comfortable in my role as the dominant part to submit to someone for real .
the idea of falling to my knees and surrendering my free will to another person somehow never appealed to me .
being in charge allows me to tap into traits and emotions i rarely explore in my daily life .
i never expected someone like you to walk into my life .
there is just something so different about you ... an underlying strength that is hard to resist .
i feel safe with you safe enough to show my loyalty and affection towards you by letting go of my reservations .
i will let you dominate me if that is what you want .
there is nothing i would n't do for you !
for those interested the script can be found here https pastebin.com/vbjwcxlw
if you 're interested and willing to moderate and grow this community please go to r/redditrequest where you can submit a request to take over the community .
be sure to read through the faq https www.reddit.com/r/redditrequest/wiki/faq for r/redditrequest before submitting .
hey i am cs i am aiming to have a career in data science .
and in my last year i am required to chose a track of courses .
i have only two choices which is bioinformatic track or swe track .
i am wondering which one will help me gain better knowledge and foundation that may help me in data science .
a link to my last year course https fcitr-cs.kau.edu.sa/pages-cs-cur-tracks-en.aspx https fcitr-cs.kau.edu.sa/pages-cs-cur-tracks-en.aspx
because of my studies i needed to move from my small town .
so i do n't waste my chance to get home for a couple of days .
a couple of weeks ago i dyed my hair purple because why not when i was home .
it 's my fav color and it was my desire to get a unique haircolor .
so my story begins when i needed to hurry onto the train i brought my ticket online got all my stuff together and rushed to the station .
i got there in the last minute and this was the last train on the day that got in the direction of my town .
so i got in it and searched for a place where i could get out quickly so near a door .
i was almost all alone in the carriage placed my things down and got my earphones out with and my phone bc of the online ticket .
i just plugged my earphones as the door slides open and karen and her child got in .
she was out of breath and wanted a seat .
i was really unbothered by them until ... the train started and i listened to my music and looked outside the window when i felt a light tap on my shoulder .
kid your wig it looks sooo cool let me try it ?
me sorry it 's not a wig it 's my real hair .
he shouted at me and got back to his seat next to his mom .
i went back to starring outside when i felt again a tap on my shoulder .
karen would you let my son try on your wig ?
me sorry i told your son that is my natural hair .
i tried to explain that it was just dyed .
karen your so full of bullsh*t. it 's obviously a wig because of this color .
karen why are you still lying my sweet angel deserves this wig more than you lying b*ch .
she launched at me and pulled me by my hair i tried to punch her but she dodged it .
and do n't pull the wig you will ruin it !
at this time the conductor got into the carriage and saw the scene of course karen saw him .
karen oh sorry mister this girl stole my baby 's wig and she does n't have a ticket .
i got away from her grip my makeup running down bc of my tears the conductor looked at me .
i told him my side of the story and showed him my online ticket he smelled something fishy .
karen uummm ... she stole that phone from me too ... she is a nasty liar !
after that it came out that she did n't have any ticket the conductor called the police and at our terminal the police waited for us and my parents too bc i called them .
the police looked at the security footage that the train had and it confirmed my story karen got arrested and the police asked me if i want to press charges against her i said yes .
when i got home my mom made my favorite meal and watched my favorite movie i hope this was my last encounter with an entitled parent
i‘m interested in seeing them next year in dortmund with my sister .
maybe we could have a nice round of people !
i 've finally stopped looking for you on this sub .
every single letter that sounded even remotely like it could be you i read feverishly pressing those words into my heart like they were gospel .
this is my last letter to you to that fading memory of us in target to us in your dorm room to us holding hands under the new york skyline to us loving each other because i 'm not sure if that was love .
it felt like love but it ended in a way that makes me think it never could have been .
we were apart for too long and maybe that ruined us .
maybe there was n't really an us to ruin .
in either case even with these empty things i call answers this is my last letter to you .
i hope you never change and i hope you do .
i hope you find someone who can take you better than i could .
i 've found someone who i do n't call crying every night .
i 'm sorry my mental health made me unlivable .
i moved out of my head for a bit and now i 'm back .
i hope someone can see you for the really good person that you are .
i hope you 've become better than you were .
i do n't miss you anymore but that 's okay .
also stop measuring your dick against pop bottles you freak .
i 've got an ego t that my pal gave me just a typical vape pen .
i 'm not in it for a high i just want more clarity and some therapeutic value hence the low dose .
i was told to just take light hits and to use sparingly
elon musk says brexit made him decide against tesla electric car gigafactory in uk https reddit.com//r/europe/comments/dvreh8
i know i harp on about this a lot but i just now had a game where i got vote kicked after round two of a biohazard game .
a round in which i got three kills and secured on my own after my team had all died with one kill between them .
are people really that insecure kill hungry or smooth brained ?
i just want to play one goddamn game where people are n't toxic arseholes
they all basically consists of a latin phrase and a letter to go along with them .
clearly makes your efforts sound more important than simple letters or numbers huh ?
if you ask me the matriculation grades used in finland really oozes style and importance https reddit.com//r/europe/comments/dvrgnd
there is a worldwide cabal of jewish pedophiles who rule the world essentially and they control everything .
they control hollywood and they cover up their existence essentially .
and they would have continued ruling the world were it not for the election of president donald trump .
here 's a couple of 5x5 kenken puzzles from a book by tetsuya miyamoto the kenken method puzzles for beginners .
i used ! x-wing ! on the puzzle on the left and ! uniqueness ! for the puzzle on the right .
i 'm really a beginner to this so it may be perfectly possible to solve both without using those .
but as i 'm from a sudoku-solving background i spotted those moves and happily used them .
while in the beginning stages of a legal separation soon to be divorce i 33/f got in a car accident which totaled a vehicle that i owed 3100 on .
insurance paid for the vehicle but i did not have gap insurance so i did not get any additional money to purchase a vehicle .
three years prior to this i financed a commercial van for my husband 's 34/m business .
my credit was in decent shape back then and his was awful so i went ahead and did this .
after my car as totaled i told him it would make sense if i kept the van because it was in my name and tbh i was tired of having to nag him about making the hefty payments on time and that he needed to get his own vehicle .
he had no qualms about it in fact he seemed eager to get a brand new ford flex .
while i 'm grateful to have a vehicle it is a strain financially .
i went from paying 300/mo on my old car to incurring a payment of 430/mo for a commercial work van .
i 've considered making it a campervan and work van for my real estate photography business but i owe 13,400 on it and honestly it 's not the safest option for my 2 y/o and i .
he sits in a rear facing car seat with the airbag off .
do n't judge me on this i have no other options financially which is why i 'm here asking for advice .
what logical options do i have in this situation ?
would it make sense to try and trade it in ?
my head is spinning and i go from wanting to keep it and convert it to wanting to get rid of it and get something smaller considering the amount of driving i do daily .
i have been out of the sexy times game for a while due to working 2 jobs studying etc .
with summer coming i am only doing 1 unit instead of 4 and would love to spend some of that extra time on learning to run and finding a sexy partner .
i have found because i have turned off the sex part of my brain for so long that i do n't know how to turn it back on .
i have been seeing a casual shag off and on who we used to have great chemistry but it has just been going through the physical motions the last 6 months and i am ending it .
this is the 7608th time i made this shitty comment .
i have a macbook pro that wont recieve any updates do i have to sign in with my apple id to recieve them or is it another reason ?
i 'm a trans girl who sadly has n't been able to start hrt but i 'm really trying hard with these exercises !
while the exercise is great i 'd really appreciate some tips on what to eat !
the boss is easy but what pisses me of the most is these small umi bozu he create that spawn from behind .
later on i watched youtube to see how people killed him .
it eather by cheap way using mask or these guys are actually over-leveled hiting the boss causing the damage of 500 hp .
here what i noticed all of them faced umi bozo while there are no small ass monster around the boss .
how can i do that and get rid of them ?
i ca n't beat the boss while these small trashes are around .
i know there was talk about older albums being repressed when jmh comes out..has there been any more information on that ?
like what they 're going to press and when it 's going to happen ?
i watched a video about a year ago about people trying to find a logo to represent danger and they came up with the nuclear logo .
one of the ideas was something like a field of spikes and i ca n't find the picture anywhere .
if anyone knows the video i 'm talking about let me know .
so i 've seen a lot of forum posts and discussions surrounding units wasting precious mp during missions .
i 've heard solutions such as ‘just take your offense spells off when you do n't need them ' or ‘make sure your healers do n't have offensive spells ' or ‘just switch between characters enough so they do n't have the chance ' .
while all these ideas have merits to them it should n't be a race against time or a self nerf as a work around for a mechanic .
recently i 've seen one too many ‘blizzard ' on a single target enemy that was about to die to an auto attack anyway .
i wanted to see what the reddit community thought about fixes or if we could theorize a way to lessen the mp dump characters use .
i have a singular idea that i 've been rolling around for a couple days now and i really wanted to see what everyone thought about it .
for all of us who have played kingdom hearts we are well aware of the self limiting mp settings you can place on your ai buddies .
you could vary how often they used magic abilities with setting their consistency to ‘constantly ' ‘frequently ' or ‘occasionally ' .
same could be said with the ai item usage which has just a slight more drastic limiter with the terms ‘immediately ' ‘frequently ' and ‘only in emergency ' .
now i would n't even expect these settings to vary from every character .
you could have one overall setting that would work as an umbrella effect or you could assign a setting to a specific party slot e.g .
last slot is your healer and you set that slot 's support magic to ‘frequently ' .
maybe i 'm one of the few that this issue really really bothers and there may actually not be a way to fix it .
i would like to think this could actually work in game but whether or not everyone would like it or the develops could implement it is another story .
let me know what you guys think of my idea and if you 've had or seen any good ideas to help decrease the frequency of this issue .
tldr use the kingdom hearts ai support settings to limit how often spells are cast .
everyone speculated that ww1-2 would be the setting because of this magazine image or wherever it came from but nobody has ever pointed out that the soldier pictured is from the vietnam war since he 's holding an m-16 which was invented after the end of ww2 .
i 'm not saying kevin never died because the point is that you do n't know maybe he did maybe he did n't just like you do n't know if nora went to another dimension .
there 's plenty of evidence that he did and plenty that he did n't again that 's the point .
but the my interpretation is correct crowd loves masturbating to international assassin and thus refuse to acknowledge the idea that it could have maybe possibly from a certain point of view perhaps conceivably been in his head again before you look up my address and mail me anthrax maybe .
so to the one interpretation is correct and it 's mine crowd i 'd like to ask what 's the point of the pacemaker and the heart condition ?
if it 's got nothing to do with kevin 's ambiguous deaths then what is the point ?
edit a downvote just tells me you disagree with me but still ca n't give a reason for the heart condition
does anyone have any idea about set times for this show ?
doors are at 7:00 maybe similar to a show they just played in another city ?
i ordered one from nhl.com but based on a few photos i 've seen it 's just going to be white lettering .
does anyone know where to get a customized authentic jersey ?
i love the style with the grey letters and black name just ca n't find it anywhere..
new user to m1 and one of my favorite features is the fact that the algorithms will automatically put more money into your holdings that have dropped as a percentage of your portfolio .
i 've got about 30 stocks and my weekly investment gets maximized by sticking the money into the half of the stocks that are down a bit from the week prior .
its like cheating when it comes to maximizing value and i love it .
can someone more talented than me start a weekly thread of who to root for i 'm stuck in the 90 's so i propose the name who 2 root 4 '' .
we control our own destiny but our team has shown that it could use a little help .
plus it gives me reason to tune into other games i 've retired from fantasy football .
i 'm sure there 's instances where the team to root for is n't readily apparent and even instances where the team to root for is n't who you might think .
for example we might have to root for the patriots gag to beat another wildcard competitor etc .
if this service is already being provided for chiefs fans i know i 've seen articles in years past but usually not until week 16 or 17 please provide a link .
and most importantly i hope i have provided the requisite number of words by now for my post not to get deleted .
tldr can i get a weekly who to root for '' list ?
how long can a postmaster keep someone who is trying to transfer to a different office ?
i was given the impression it was 30 days but i 'm not finding the answer in our contract .
does anyone happen to know where i can find this information ?
i am so confused i saw these two and some sort of green dracorex at my local target and bought them but i do n't remember reading on this reddit that they were up for pre-order on amazon a while back .
gosh i did n't even know we were getting more stuff this year .
i 'm in highschool i do n't know much about stocks or etfs .
i read the simple path to wealth by jl collins .
i tried looking for the vtsax fund to invest in but i 'm confused .
if you have read the book and have applied his advice how do you do it ?
what do you think about a hull d with no cargo as a sort of gun ship ?
with the spines retracted and those massive engines it should be compact and fast .
its also has a cap size shield and strong turrets .
you could also run cargo to make money as well of course .
curious what you think and trying to determine if i should swap my hull d for that sneaky prowler since i already have the bmm for cargo .
i had a landlord tenant complaint filed against me .
the manager who is not an officer of the corporation filed the complaint without the written authorization from an officer of the corporation being filed .
the magistrate did me a favor by siding with them on account of him knowing i wanted a counter-claim for wrongful eviction and once you file an appeal they need to file a new complaint .
they filed the second complaint again with the notice to vacate was given in accordance with law box checked which the attorney knew no notice to vacate was given as that was my defense at the magistrate level .
their attorney happens to be part owner of the corporation .
he also knew i committed no crime as i informed him of such in an intent to sue letter sent to him .
but he wrote i committed criminal behavior as the reason for eviction .
i filed a counter-claim for wrongful eviction and wrongful use of civil proceedings dragonetti act .
i then wrote their attorney a notice and demand they withdraw their complaint or i would file a motion for sanctions .
i filed a motion to strike as no consent to file it was admitted with their withdraw .
i filed motion for judgement in my favor which was denied .
i then had my claim of wrongful use of civil proceedings dismissed as they claimed the previous proceedings terminated in their favor which one of the requirement for my claim was last proceeding had to be terminated in my favor .
we went to trial for the wrongful eviction and they submitted a motion to dismiss on account of me not giving enough evidence .
they wrote lies in this motion that were n't true and they had it all typed out to give to judge before the jury could decide this was right after my closing argument in the actual trial right before the jury should have been allowed to discuss it .
the judge ruled in their favor and told the jury to go home without them being able to decide for themselves if enough evidence was presented .
i filed post trial relief asking for judgment in my favor in the claim against me which they withdrew .
i filed an appeal and the clerk of courts told me all the case documents were sent to superior court .
superior court then quashed my appeal stating the documents from the case were not there .
oh and before this i noticed in the docket their attorney slipped a motion into the case without it being time stamped and saying i was sent a copy which i never received one .
i read some of it and it contained deliberate lies .
i went back to check the docket and it was missing .
but the docket was numbered like doc 1 doc 2 etc then doc 22 then doc 24. like they skipped a filing number .
so i 'm thinking lower court sent to docket to superior court and their attorney removed it in order to get it quashed .
so i ca n't have a wrongful eviction case now but the wrongful use of civil proceedings can still be filed after terminating in my favor .
theres a rule saying if court does not grant or order judgement in the case the defendant can enter judgement himself rule 227.4 i try to file a praecipe for judgment but the dept of court records refuses to file it .
when i take it down their myself they just refuse it with no explanation .
when i try to file it electronically it comes back rejected with a different explanation each time .
i wrote to the court administer about how they wo n't file it and she kept giving me the run around refusing to reply to my complaint .
she handed it off to others to reply to instead of herself .
each time somebody responded to it explaining why they did n't file it they had a wrong answer or not no reason why it was rejected .
am i or am i not entitled to judgment in my favor ?
and can any attorney take this case for me as the judges seem to rule against every motion i filed on account of me being prose
in s05e01 there is a graphic scene of a horse being put down at gunpoint by tommy .
the horse feigning death looks real not cgi and i 'm sure they ca n't have actually murdered a horse for this that would be ludicrous .
it seems like a tough thing to train a horse to do .
as i have been struggling to obtain more hip essence for reissue crafting i invited a bunch of hip-themed animals to my campsite and i 'm just waiting for them to decide i deserve their precious essences .
but it 's been over a day and only my elegant-themed guests are giving me essence .
i only had elegant themed amenities placed so i 'm wondering if maybe that 's why the hip ones are n't wanting to talk to me .
i just placed a hip amenity at the campsite and i 'm cringing because it looks terrible with my current set up does anyone know if it 's worth it ?
will i finally find favor in my hip friends‘ eyes ?
i am gon na be in da library and write my history 302 essay in one day/night .
this is my first ever all nighter if someone wants to join me for company or just any tips anyone could comment would be greatly appreciated .
es ist bekannt dass die pixel reparatur keine leichte aufgabe ist da sie aus vielen komplizierten vorgängen besteht .
wenn ein solcher fehler bei uns auftritt ist es daher am besten ihn einem fachmann zu überlassen der sein handwerk wirklich kennt .
das beliebteste und am häufigsten gewählte unternehmen ist in diesem fall die firma ender .
kein wunder es hat einen sehr guten ruf und wird von profis empfohlen .
darüber hinaus hat der kunde die möglichkeit den fehler zu überprüfen .
wenn sich herausstellt dass der fehler positiv ist und das unternehmen die reparatur ausführt wird für die überprüfung keine gebühr erhoben .
shit is so broken i 'm nearly at 9k total trophies and i 'm constantly getting matched with players under 1000 trophies .
so every fucking round i end up having to try and carry two pleb shellies who die every 5 seconds .
also do n't know if it 's just me but every time the difficulty resets back to easy and wipes out all previous progress .
so i 've noticed something about myself for a long time and i 've always assumed to myself that everyone else gets it too thus i would always shrug it off and keep it to myself .
however after hearing about someone who can taste words i began to rethink this phenomenon .
in my experience certain ways in which i fidget with things trigger an indescribable taste in my mouth .
my mouth would be closed unable to be tampered with by external stimuli .
furthermore the taste lasts roughly 5-8 seconds and sometimes has a delay after i 've stopped touching or fidgeting with whatever the material is .
a strong example of this is when i rub some of the hair on my head up against my forehead or when i just simply play with it .
i 'm a guy so my hair is n't that long and i 've asked a few people i know if they taste something when playing with their hair .
i wont waste your time with other examples of this in my life but i will say that the tastes are different for each feeling and not everything has a flavour .
furthermore actually describing the flavour is like trying to describe what saliva tastes like or colour to a blind person .
it 's not like dry paint makes me taste candy or glass makes me taste milk .
also this experience has made me somewhat addicted to some of these touches .
the taste i get from feeling or doing some of these things arouses my curiosity and it 's an interesting experience .
again not everything has a flavour but i 'm yet to have someone tell me that i 'm not crazy when i say that playing with my hair makes me taste something in my mouth .
if any of you are familiar with this concept or even have it too do you think that i have synesthesia or is everyone else just like me ?
some things i fidget with or touch will cause me to taste something in my mouth and i thought everyone was like this until i asked around and until i found out what synethesia was .
this can include combo vids edgeguard compilations or just some general lesser known skills and tips .
anything that demonstrates the skill needed to main these hefty heavyweights !
let 's make these haters be as afraid as they should be when they see big bois like ours !
so i saw that i have been called for jury duty .
i also saw this online http www.sdcourt.ca.gov/portal/page ? pageid=55,1406353 dad=portal schema=portal http www.sdcourt.ca.gov/portal/page ? pageid=55,1406353 dad=portal schema=portal
do they respond to the request to postpone duty online ?
has anyone gotten a successful request to postpone duty ?
the only maintenance gap in the upcoming thanksgiving banner is from 8pm to midnight on the 1st .
so it looks like that 's when we 'll get salem
i 'm pretty easy to get along with shoot me a msg if you have it ... also looking for avaitor black jolt
i recently reached level 155 and i see many people in my lobbies who have already hit it as well and the grind just feels like it 's over .
the prestige system throughout the past 10 years has been a staple of the call of duty franchise and always gave players a very long term incentive to keep grinding the game .
the officer ranks are kind of dumb and do n't really add anything cool that was lacking in the prestige system .
just seems like they had no reason to change it but they went ahead and did it anyway .
i 'm hoping that in the next season or something they revert to the old ranking system and bring the grind back into the game .
my mom found out about my reddit account and she said i 'm not allowed to be here .
i will see you all in a few years when i might be allowed to be on reddit again .
before i opened my eyes my mother confused me .
she is an angel but she married a demon for a reason .
if we meet again she will rape my soul again .
a rapist abducts a person rapes them then buys them expensive dinner .
i know she is just a mother of this body .
then why ca n't i just cut her off like i did to other imperfect humans .
she chains me with her light then whips me with flames .
i 'd rather have my body violated than my emotions .
it 's the only thing that i can not control .
does n't make much sense because on the normal deliveroo app where you order food some restaurants are open 24/7 .
i came out to my close circle of friends and they were all really supportive and started using my new name and pronouns and gah i was so happy !
i finally felt like i was being me and that things finally made sense .
on top of that my crush who is in the circle of friends as well as one of the few out transpeople in my grade texted me after school that she did n't want to take the spotlight away from me but today was going to be the day she asked me out !
i 'm so excited we were even joking that now with my coming out it 's just going to be straight with extra steps overall today was really good and i feel really loved hope everyone else had a good day too stay strong and happy my dudes !
i think it 's time for a new tinder video .
hey john can you remake zero two but in roblox because you have the camera feature
if you 're interested and willing to moderate and grow this community please go to r/redditrequest where you can submit a request to take over the community .
be sure to read through the faq https www.reddit.com/r/redditrequest/wiki/faq for r/redditrequest before submitting .
after having my ears around 12mm for over a year i 've been working toward 16mm .
while my right ear stretched nice and easy to 14mm and then 16mm my left ear has been a brat .
after two attempts to stretch to 14mm which led to minor tearing i finally got it to cooperate but now the same shit is going on with 16mm .
for the third time i 'm having to let my ear heal and shrink down to less than 10mm .
last year i took an edible that was supposedly 100mg at 3:30am because it would be a snow day when i woke up .
it was weird waking up high but i quickly appreciated how high i was .
i was never uncomfortable or wanting to no longer be high .
i was amazed at the power of this edible .
i never came around to buying edibles after that day .
not for any specific reason i just never came around to buying them .
i went to my local dispensary being 19 in toronto is a godsend and asked for something that would really put me to sleep .
the bud tender suggested an oil tincture type thing that you take by mouth .
i tried one serving and barely felt any effects .
the next day i took 3 servings 30mg and i still did n't really feel the effects .
later on i smoked a sativa but still fell asleep easily .
so tonight i just took a swig out of the bottle .
no idea how much but more that 3 servings for sure .
check out this review of iron maiden printing home office on google maps
hey guys i 've recently fallen in love with vegemite when my cousins introduced me to it last winter .
i live in the us so naturally i bought a huge tub of vegemite to take back .
however it ended up spending most of its time in the fridge since i dont buy bread as much as i thought i would .
it 's best before date is november 2019 so this month .
how long past that is it alright to eat ?
edit by winter i meant northern hemisphere winter as in december .
here 's the thing i 've explored surface-level reggae and i do n't care for most of it .
there 's a few things i loved and want more of but most of it really was n't my thing .
i want more stuff similar to the few things i enjoyed such as the following
billy boyo billy boyo in the area https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=_nteuzc2bc0
i think what i like is the far more relaxed side of reggae rather than the quirky '' or exciting '' side of it .
i 'm pretty sure what i 'm after is known as the boring stuff or maybe even the sadder-sounding stuff .
due to women being married to the government and not having kids anymore given unprecedented power with no responsibility thanks to 3 waves of feminism so men are n't having kids anymore the west is in a steady decline .
to save western civilization there are 3 ways in order from most to least optimal
3. assimilate with the immigrants mostly coming from muslim nations
4. in the event that none of the above is done then the west is done and will be a repeat of what happened to the roman empire when they had to import the goths but did n't bother assimilating .
if you 're interested and willing to moderate and grow this community please go to r/redditrequest where you can submit a request to take over the community .
be sure to read through the faq https www.reddit.com/r/redditrequest/wiki/faq for r/redditrequest before submitting .
i 'm the kind of person who can kill whatever plant i touch but i have had luck with some simple aquarium plants and i want to do a nano aquascape with a nice carpet any recommendations ?
do you think lucy is still the lead character for fairy tail 100 year quest '' or has it shifted more to natsu ?
i do read the manga but am curious if lucy is still the overall lead ?
bruh ... these app updates are not helping whatsoever ... who tf works at this company ?
it 's been broken for over a week now .
funnily enough work on my older iphone 7 but crashes after one sec on my main iphone xs .
my son took over my ps4 so i ca n't play my games .
which is ok i 'm not mad he took it over .
i would like to play my games but i 'm struggling between getting a ps4 this holiday season or waiting until the ps5 comes out .
i do have a friend at work that is willing to sell me a broken one the hdmi port is broke and needs to be replaced he said it 's about 50 bucks for 100 .
i know it 's not a life or death decision but i 'm stuck .
amulet of necropotence is not something i will ever be able to afford .
starting this post off with an apology if i 'm not posting this in the correct sub ... but i believe i am !
i 've lurked this sub for a while lol !
i am planning a trip to scotland in early july .
my husband and i are not looking at other dates as we are planning this trip for our 5 year anniversary .
we eloped and never had a wedding ceremony so we said hell with that let 's just go on a fun trip instead of ever worrying about planning something like that !
anyway we would be flying from new orleans not sure if that makes a difference but i 'm unsure when is the best time to shop for this flight .
i use skyscanner and it says that they 're higher right now than what i should be able to find them for .
i 'm looking for any input on when is the best time to shop for this type of flight .
we would be going for around 10-12 night 's .
only looking to fly into either edinburgh or glasgow .
we were n't planning to go to inverness or aberdeen but i would actually consider it if it 's much cheaper to fly to either of those cities and then just rent a car .
we also were thinking of going to dublin for a few days so maybe it 's cheaper to fly there first ?
there is no set plan as to which city our trip starts in .
also i should mention we were planning on starting our trip in one city and ending somewhere else so we were looking at one way tickets .
if this is not the best way to travel especially internationally please let me know !
it had been a terrible chronic habit since i was a kid .
for the first time in years i can actually scratch an inch .
it 's a little thing but it 's huge to me
he was always concerned about hippos and protested against poachers .
not because he devoted all his time into saving hippos but because he thought he was a fraud .
then on the 11th day he saw him load up his rifle and go out into the nearby hippo reservation and promptly shot one in the legs .
my husband and i use to have great sex several times a week .
we went months without sex and it did n't bother him .
i 'm honestly surprised i got pregnant last year .
we only had sex once through out my pregnancy .
after i had our son i thought maybe he will want to have sex again .
we have had his mom or my mom watch our son for 5-6hr but all he wants to do is watch football .
then last week while he was out of town he asked me for sex when he got home and i refused him .
the next day he called and told me he was so sorry and that he felt disconnected from me mentally emotionally and physically .
he wanted to come home drop our son off at is moms house and just spend time with me make love to me '' .
that is worse to me then him saying no .
i think i have come to the realization i am going to a sexless marriage and it sucks .
i 've played through rdr2 's story no less than 5 times and i loved it each time finding more and more little details during each playthrough .
i have tried and failed several times to get into rdo and was wondering if anyone had any general tips on how to get started and invested in online ?
i have tried to put lo in the ergobaby adapt carrier everyday for the last 2 weeks but lo just screams out .
i really need to use it in order to get things done around the house .
granted we do n't have the newborn insert ... but does he still count as a newborn at 6 weeks ?
we ca n't really justify buying a newborn insert as it 'll be out of use in a month or 2 .
is there any other way to make it more comfortable for baby ?
robot says do n't you see ... she pushed us apart before and she 's doing it again .
this coincides with his statement in the grave scene at the end of season 1 https youtu.be/s9knlyheupc ? t=47
so it has to make you wonder what prior events happened that mr .
i have upgraded from an rx 470 to 5700xt .
i updated whatevergreen and lilu to the most up to date versions and am running a vanilla 10.15.1 build updated properly .
however i still get the black screen when i boot up after the apple logo reaches about 75 .
i have added the pikera flag recommended as well but no dice .
i think vera is supposed to be a similar representation of elliot 's and mr .
robot 's delusions of grandeur and corruptible power but one that is easier to dismiss as a word salad drug addict .
honestly eliot is a word salad drug addict in the very first monologue of the show just that no one in show challenges him on it .
i do n't think the consumer speech was supposed to be insightful and that might be the real twist .
vera is very similar to eliot and his alts but i think that 's only to help you realize that eliot is not a good person he 's just like vera but smarter in a different way .
eliot thinks and tells you he can read and manipulate people but he ca n't he knows what people want from him and can persuade them to keep around because of his talents but when have his manipulations ever really gone his way .
he 's a hacker a sneak and a thief not a silver tongued snake like vera that always seems to see right through everyone .
vera is an idiot but an extremely cunning driven and manipulative idiot .
he bested eliot and got everything he wanted in season 1 and took over dr and haiti in the mean time his minions are at the beck and call of his every word .
vera is very real shayla darlene the season 3 post credit prostitute and krista 's interactions would all have to be in his head or faked .
them and their as own interactions with other characters prove that he 's as real as tyrel .
he 's purposely similar to eliot but for a different narrative reason .
we were on the eighth floor and i collected a toad .
he followed me into the next room where i had to fight against a group of ghosts .
one of my teammates came into the room as well and helped .
after all ghosts were defeated the toad fell through the ground then he appeared back on screen and fell through the ground again .
i walked through corridor and then into the tv room but the toad would never stop falling through the ground .
in this state he could n't even walk into the tv .
the fight against the group of ghosts and slamming them the teammate trying to steal the toad from me and both of us staying besides a bed something must 've happened with the physics here .
it 's the second time now i could n't finish a floor once because there was n't even a fourth toad he probably glitched through the ground as well .
did you guys experience something like this as well ?
i have 9 arcanas total and i am open to offers and negotiations on whatever just add me i 'm interested in other bayos m9 bayos karas bowies other knives as well
what are good dht levels to be at for healthy libido and erections ?
i see some guys using cream getting to 100 .
i 'm still trying to dial in so idk if its working for me yet
all of my dudes and guys with eds your struggles are valid and i hope you can all find recovery someday !
tryndamere 's identity is the ceaselss berserker who cheats death so that he can slaughter his enemies .
its a fun playstyle except that hes not actually forced to play this way .
tryndamere feels so oppressive because of his near peerless offense but what make him feel so unfair is that its incredibly hard to actually punish him for making mistakes .
aside from range his kit is seriously over loaded he has free crit and ad he has a heal he has a debuff and heavy slow he has high mobility and to cap it off hes unkillable for a somewhat long period of time .
frankly everything in his kit leads to a super fun play style save one facet his mobility .
for starters his ability to dash through walls is so gratuitous it gives him an insane amount of safety to roam the jungle and to split push without fear of punishment .
but the real issue is how damn often he gets to use it .
not only is it impossible to escape him with the pairing of his slow and the low cd of his spin but it allows him to engage realize its a bad trade and safely disengage .
tryndameres identity is a blind fury brawler someone should die at the end of every fight either he kills his enemy or his ult wears off and he dies .
his ability to take bad trades get out safely and heal back up make him busted .
i 've owned my puff for about a year and a half .
lately my lifestyle has become fairly transient and i 've been feeling it may be in his best interest to rehome him .
however he 's really important to me and the only thing i have left over from my life before this year .
would it be dangerous or detrimental to him to keep him with me until i get settled considering i ca n't currently consistently meet his exact husbandry needs ?
when i got puff i expected my life to be much more stable at this point than it 's turned out to be .
i want to do the right thing for him and i am willing to rehome him if that 's what 's best .
it says get all bd1s encrypted logs which i thought meant all database entries .
i saw discussions which suggested it was only the 12 cordova 's journey entries however .
i got the last 2 of those and the trophy did n't pop .
or do i need every database entry after all ?
step 2 set up your account and add a bank account or use one of the other options to add funds to your wallet .
step 3 buy one of the native coins on abra such as bitcoin .
step 4 go to the exchange '' tab in the bottom and exchange the coin you bought for basic attention token bat .
note if you do not see bat listed as an option when you go to exchange then click on the portfolio '' tab and on the top right click manage assets '' and select basic attention token '' .
we have a website for our shop and have slowly started adding products using woocommerce .
we have around 5000 products and can import them all from a csv from our epos system .
if we do import them all they will be lacking in detail product descriptions and images until they are all updated but people will be able to see what we have in stock.. should we slowly add our products with full product desctiptions and images or should we go ahead and import them all with placeholder information and update ?
does either method have positive or negative affects to seo ?
many citizens may have faced a situation such as bursting one of their drainage pipes where they will have needed an emergency plumbers warrington https plumbisimo.co.uk very fast .
the emergency plumbing services are expensive because of the demand that it holds from the customer if there is an emergency it will be anytime any day the emergency plumber leaves all the work that he 's doing currently on focus on providing instant help to the customer .
plumbing companies that boast being a 24x7-hour service provider that you 'll find in almost all websites do they really take care of your overflowing sink ruptured pipeline or gas leak like severe-most issues within the timeline committed by them .
a great plumber will always be cautious and carry a lot of equipment and security material with themselves so that there is no harm to them as well the surrounding people or place any glares or gloves and protective equipment that might be useful during the fixing process should be carried with them to avoid any kind of further consequences .
whenever there is a plumbing problem every household commercial residential person must make sure that they do n't wait even for a single minute and immediately call a reliable emergency plumber in warrington https plumbisimo.co.uk who can fix this serious issue as soon as possible .
for more information please visit our website https plumbisimo.co.uk https plumbisimo.co.uk
i bought the game yesterday and have put in about 3 hours or so and have unlocked 3 or 4 operators .
i was curious about who y'all think are the best and worst .
should i buy all the operators that cost 1000 or should i save my siege points or whatever it is your earn after the game for the more expensive operators .
lf tw tunica uncommon black grimalkin tw grimalkin for 1 key each .
child marriage is still legal in 13 states in the usa
please give me reasons to leave my bed and do something because this depression is literally killing me or at least going to kill me
they are all random natures and genders but have 3 egg moves endeavor metal sound and power-up punch .
i will be trading on code 3829 for a while if anyone wants one !
edit okay if anyone else wants one and ca n't connect to me send me a code for you and i 'll try and get to you !
edit 2 okay i 'm all out of toxel now thanks guys i hope you all enjoy
do you know any sissy hypno related videos including a lot of feet maybe feet worship and sissy stuff ?
the only one i know is black meat white feet https de.pornhub.com/view_video.php ? viewkey=ph5c9b95e26ee40
with as drawing to a close my anxieties have not been alleviated rather they have intensified .
my mind is bamboozled with the fact that all that 's left after this crazy rollercoaster ride of academic grind is our judgement day come february .
how does cambridge and seab expect me to sleep at night through this tortuous wait when this immeasurable stretch of time yields nothing but space for self-reflection and the realisation that all my hopes goals and dreams are culminated in this single exam that comes biting me in the ass .
there is only limbo and temporary distractions and that reality is terrifying me .
if you want to kill me just do it quick and painlessly not like this man not like this ...
i usually overdose on a band before the concert so i 'll know all the songs and usually once the concert is over i 'm looking forward to taking a break from that music .
occasionally the gig is so good that you want to listen even more .
it happened with white denim this year and it happened again last night with sigrid .
about 10 days ago something started to happen with the youtube app on my iphone .
after watching a few videos i got an error loading tap to retry .
i tapped a few times and nothing happened and after checked my connection .
i was still connected to the internet and nothing should have been wrong but i left it .
i was still able to watch videos just not see recommended or descriptions .
but later i tried to search for a specific channel but the channel disappeared and i am sure i did n't spell it wrong .
the only temporary fix i found was completely closing the youtube app and restarting it up .
but after a few videos it just happens again .
if anyone has an idea on how to fix this it would be much appreciated thanks !
the 5th grader from alabama because he 's 18 years old .
will trade female indeedee or any shield exclusive beside appletun for male indeedee
will also trade any shield exclusive beside appletun for a duraludon or artozolt
sorry for format or misspelling i 'm on mobile .
i worked for a small company that consisted of a handful of employees an office manager and the 2 owners .
i was hired on as the receptionist to handle the front end and functioned and a data processor too .
when hired i was told that once in a while the owners may ask me to do personal office work tasks .
but my job description and handbook did not mention this .
the owners took an extended vacation about a month .
i 've spoken on the phone with most of them but 1 son in particular had n't spoken with his father in like 20 years .
i was unaware of this little nugget of info i just knew that there were a couple kids i had n't spoken with
about a week and a half in we get a call and it 's the son who had n't been around and he asked to speak with his dad .
i took the call from the kitchen phone so i was n't at my desk at the time .
i let him know that they were gone and would let them know he called once they got back .
about 2 days after they got back my boss confronted me and asked if the son had called .
and oh wow i 'm so sorry i forgot to tell them about it but so much had happened in the 2 and a half weeks since it happened it slipped my mind .
apparently this had caused serious drama in the owners lives and the father could n't seem to get back in touch with the son at this point .
so it looked like that had been their one chance to really rekindle the relationship but since i did n't inform them while they were gone the chance had seemingly passed .
i was told to not give out personal information over the phone and to let all personal calls know they would be gotten back to upon the owners return after the vacation .
so when i was confronted i was told i had screwed up almost unforgivably bad .
it was implied that my job was on the line here and that my number 1 priority was whatever the owners want .
everyone treated me like i was the most selfish and careless ass they had ever met and it got so bad that i just quit .
i know i made a mistake and i wished i could fix it but i just did n't think it made me an asshole .
and i do n't think i should have been treated that way .
however i 'm getting mixed responses from friends as to whether i was the asshole ...
hello 1 little german me needs a foreign ditto .
not just the ladies everybody with their green thumbs or brown come to bond over the beautiful plants earth has gifted us with
i feel sad for absolutely no reason and my chest feels heavy '' .
idk why this is but it feels very fucking shit .
can some of you tell me what am i experiencing ?
i was scrolling through and saw something about ryzen cpus being buggy with fast ram
hey there guys i was hoping to ask some veteran here some ways to grow a discord server .
i 've been running one for a brief two months or so and i only have 30 people in it .
looking for a heal ball for my breed project .
i 'm in college and currently have 5 roommates who my apartment complex randomly paired me up with .
over the last few months i 've been cleaning up after them a lot and i stopped doing it for them around two weeks ago .
now the kitchen and common areas are a mess and they want to bring in a cleaning service .
i 'm always clean and i clean up after myself supply dish detergent and dish soap and take out trash/unload the dishwasher/clean the counters occasionally in other words i do my share .
i really do n't want to pay for the cleaning service and i really want my roommates to clean up after themselves .
i 'm really annoyed that i might have to pay for something that i do n't even cause .
them being able to eucalyptus leaves is another sign of how well the evolve and they been around for millions of years .
what my last test looks like stringing https imgur.com/gallery/e7px29u not sure what else to try .
i have a prusa mk3s and have tried temps ranging from 210 to 180c increasing retraction distance and speed to 1.75mm and 65mm/s respectively .
z hop is enabled and z lift set to 0.4mm .
i use slic3r prusa edition and retraction on layer change and wife after retracting are both enabled .
also i noticed that every time it does a z hop it brings up a little blip of material that it ends up hitting in the next pass and creating a string .
should i use the second one to lvl up as well ... or food for the first ?
for some reason whenever i open up obs.live my frames always drastically drop .
i have my fps showing ingame but it says the frames are n't dropping but it is very clear that i am losing lots of frames and because of this i ca n't stand to stream because of the frame drops .
i was planning to upgrade my hardware soon but i wanted to know if there were any immediate fixes that can just be found in the settings .
i did n't see the light until i was already a man and by then it was nothing to me but blinding .
the shadows betray you because they belong to me .
i will show you where i have made my home whilst preparing to distribute justice .
i just did mizuki 's route and i am so head over heel for this type of li xd
for those that do n't know this is the li i 'm referring to
is there any other li that 's like a combination of
serious but on the surface has a really carefree attitude and teases people
i looked everywhere on vndb and can not find another li that resembles mizuki .
that has a similar look but that game has really bad reviews and he 's in highschool so the feel wo n't be the same ... .
although if 時計仕掛けのアポカリプス https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=tiohx3v0nuw had a character voiced by ogata megumi on top of her singing the theme song then it 's likely going to be a character that 's somewhat similar to mizuki especially since 時計仕掛けのアポカリプス 's writer is charade maniac 's scenario writer .
i have had dry eyes for the better part of 4 months .
i had a mental breakdown in august and have been trying to claw my way back to feeling normal since .
i 've been focusing on healing scarier symptoms but the dry eyes have been constant since august at one point feeling extra dry was enough to wake me up and i 'm starting to wonder if they play a part in how shitty i still sort of feel .
i do work a computer job and recently upgraded my lenses to a anti blue-light lenses like i just picked them up yesterday but i 'm noticing the drier my eyes are the more distracting the headaches are and if i rub or bother my eyes at all my vision turns to shit even with my new glasses on for about five minutes .
i did mention on a chart at my last appointment in september that i was experiencing dry eyes and very blurry vision but the optometrist did n't comment on it at all apart from saying there has been some significant deterioration between that visit and my previous one in 2016 .
i had been taking fluoxetine and concerta when the mental breakdown hit and he did say that coming off of those medication may have affected my vision .
anything i can do for relief that wo n't make the situation worse ?
also should i bother to investigate it further if the optometrist did n't seem to care ?
my gp thinks all of my symptoms including fatigue lumps on my neck gastric issues chest pains dizziness and vertigo blurry vision and dry eyes are 100 anxiety-related and i do have a history of severe anxiety and ocd but she has n't referred me for any tests to confirm this other than a blood test .
i know i need to be a better advocate for myself .
i 'm wondering if i should call the optometrist back and ask for his suggestions or if i can try to work on this at home .
it 's really interfering with my life at this point .
i feel like my vision keeps getting worse and having new glasses has n't been a comfort yet .
so recently there have been a couple of discussions in this subreddit regarding the concrete ?
possibility of arcadia bay 's worst step-dad david making a cameo in the final episode of season 2 .
everybody seemed to have reached a consensus david is the perfect s1 character to show his stupid mustache face in s2 since he 's the only one who could 've possibly survived in both endings .
but if that 's the case and david presumably survived the storm by hiding in the bunker i have just one question what about victoria ?
as we know vic was jeffershit 's second option in case he could n't get max he even already had a binder prepared for her .
since max traveled back in time and decided to warn david and hide in chloe 's room i suppose it 's safe to assume that jeffershit kidnapped vic and had his way with her in the dark room until step-hero came in to save the day .
so if david waited out the storm in the safety of bunker so did vic .
and the fact that we 're getting david when we could 've gotten queen vic makes me feel like i 'm stuck in the retro zone .
but i still do n't like to see other white people suffering .
my song hit 2mil on spotify and i wan na make a music vid
i do n't have an actual psp of my own or this would likely be much easier .
i platinum 'd pw hd a few nights ago finally having everything unlocked .
i finally convinced my friend to try co-op with me but it 'll have to be done on pc .
i 'm just curious if there 'd be any way to use my completed save file instead of having to grind all over again
i know very little about nail painting and such .
i want to get her a gift that has something to do with it but i 'm not sure what to get .
i do n't want to just get her straight nail polish because she has so many different kinds of colors and things i think i would just get something she has .
i have followed this sub for a while because i like seeing what good work you people do .
what could i get my friend that was n't just nail polish .
it 's a battle of two of the strongest toon force users .
i have the chance to be in vancouver from the 28th to the 2nd and wanted to go see oilers/canucks .
i 'm a filthy ducks fan do n't hit me .
and there 's no developer options available on my phone .
backing up through google drive takes wayyyyyy too long .
considering i 'm wanting to trade this phone in i need my photos and music backed up .
5 i think 6 people tried to get into my chevy trax .
i calmly explained that they will have to call a second lyft or get an xl .
they all started piling in anyway telling me that i have to take them .
i cancelled the ride and told them to get the fuck out when the person in the front got in with a four loko .
they all stayed in the car and i told them to leave 3 times .
on the way out of the car the one girl spit in my hair .
i was clearly outnumbered and they were n't classy .
i had to quit for the night and now i 'm just so done with lyft .
this sort of thing is exactly why we need to be paid more .
work as much as you want when you want .
not a full salary by an easy side hustle where you 'll make way more money than just doing surveys .
use code fl-ematarese or here is a link https pmfleet.app.link/0ohlaqibsq
the outlook for usmca has improved of late with key democratic leaders in the u.s. house of representatives signaling that they could sign off on the trade pact soon perhaps even by year-end though we doubt it could be voted on that quickly .
the trump administration can send the legislative text to congress at any time but once it does it will trigger a clock that requires it to be voted on in the house and senate within 90 legislative days .
thus the trump administration appears to be waiting to start the clock until it has assurances from democratic leaders that the measure will pass the democratic-led house .
once a deal between the two parties is struck the actual vote may not need the full 90-day allotment .
should the usmca become law the economic and financial market impact would likely be larger for canada and mexico than it would be for the united states in our view .
i m wondering if is good for stay focused .
with the big 3 i have been able to nearly halt my hair loss but have had no regrowth .
i have saved up enough money to hypothetically be able to afford a flight to turkey and an fue transplant .
i have looked for websites that do aggregate ratings but have n't been able to find any reliable resources .
as far as reading forums i feel like for every positive review of a certain clinic i can find a negative one as well .
the only clinic which i have consistently seen get positive reviews is asmed clinic with dr. koray erdogan but the caveat to that is that a hair transplant would cost upwards of 12,000 and his availability is quite limited .
i compare that to the guy on here recently who only paid 1600 euros for what i thought were excellent results and it seems like a waste .
i would greatly appreciate if anyone had any advice on how they researched hair clinics .
so i have a honeytone mini amplifier that i frequently use .
at times while playing the amp will go quiet after playing a chord for a split second and then the sound will come back .
it 's been happening whenever i do slides as well and it really screws with my lessons i use yousician and it does n't pick up the notes .
i 'm not sure how to make myself more masculine looking because i have a very round baby face and even contouring and whatnot doesnt help really ...
my partner is supportive and understanding and calls me handsome but sometimes i feel like she says that but still sees girly features and is just trying to be nice
what do you think each force-user 's main form is ?
i 'm pretty sure cal is form 6 due to the balance of bolt deflection flips and incorporation of the force in combat .
im in my second year and anthony mantha had decent season last year .
30 goals 60 points and 2 growth in overall .
but the problem is that this season after 7 games he has 3+5 but somehow his stats are still decreasing .
he 's having a good start and is only 26 years old with med elite potential .
this is mainly for never mets but people who knew each other before dating can answer aswell .
was it awkward or did the experience feel natural ?
so i submitted a report about the vice president of the dean of students office at my university groping me this past may .
a week after doing this i was told that another office under the dean of students office had requested me to undergo a psychological evaluation to address concerns of disturbing behavior the report found nothing of real interest but the school apparently wanted a report because i said something along the lines of i will get back at the people who wronged me i will get justice . ''
they interpret that as threatening the evaluator said that i essentially meant that in terms of filing a written complaint there 's no risk of harm/violence no issues with reality testing this was something that was specifically asked about .
however they insisted that i take a medical leave of absence to be safe and for the risk to be properly assessed .
normally during this time i would n't be able to take classes but they decided to make an exception and allowed me to take classes a college near my home .
the biggest issue with this is that i 'm in my last year with less than 10 credits left so out of all the benefits of a college education classes are kind of the last thing on my mind and i need access to letters and career services .
in october they finally told me the investigator that will be used in my case .
while it was a 3rd party it just so happened to be the defense attorney used by my school in a currently ongoing title ix case in which the dean of students office is being defended .
during this time july to present i have n't been allowed to contact any of the title ix coordinator including the person with whom i originally filed the report .
instead everything has to go through the general counsel .
i recently sent a letter to this office to object to the use of the currently chosen investigator and address the current forced leave of absence .
they did switch the investigator now the investigator is a lawyer who was previously part of the nearby school 's general counsel but they also imply or outright say that the claims are false despite still being under investigation and defended their position of keeping me out by saying i 'm a threat to several faculty members due to the stress i 've apparently inflicted upon them .
i 've reported this situation to the ocr back in august but everything i 've heard says that a complaint with them might take a significant amount of time to the point where i will have already graduated .
i have wild big hair that is curly and is not tame most times
what do you think she would enjoy and warm up to ?
large to extra large size beanies have worked in the past but it 's hard to find them
so i just decided to start playing again after some time away from the game .
when i try to start the game it opens in windowed mode and i am unable to even move the window i can even see it load in the right corner the task manager says not responding ''
so far i have only tried varifying the files .
i really admire how the editors edited the season around chris in particular i think giving devens the person chris shockingly challenges to firemaking a winners edit was one of the smartest decisions the editors have ever made .
it made chris 's win feel justified even though he had very little content before that .
when i was watching the episode the pieces came together for a chris win and it just felt right even if i 'm not totally comfortable with it in hindsight to be clear i love chris i just wish his win could have happened in a different way .
i also think the way the editors portrayed gavin and julie while leaving story elements on the table for the two of them made chris look like the obvious choice to win the season which is how they needed it to be in order for the finale to feel satisfying .
i think devens getting the winner 's edit refutes the claim that only the first 3 episodes and the last episode matter story-wise the rest of the season was setting up chris by making his devens seem like an insurmountable opponent .
it made chris 's decision to take on devens feel like a legendary move and it made the finale of eoe one of the best if not the best episode of survivor in my opinion .
in short chris 's winner 's edit was n't in how the editors portrayed him it was in how the editors portrayed everyone else .
i am thinking of buying the honor v30 rather than the s10 due to it being better than the samsung flagship and also a lot better on the wallet .
just asking so i do n't spend my money on a phone that wo n't work with my current provider
i thought that 's the opposite of single payer .
i walk away and let my team do its thing .
i check in every 30 seconds or so and see if i need to intervene .
so i did this and checked in at like 30s to go in the first half .
this mf had a team full of golds must have had like a total power of 800 ish .
i could n't drop anything and he was knocking down shots with defenders draped all over him .
was legit the worst pvp match i 've played .
can anyone with a fold take a picture of how it looks ?
people in this thread https www.reddit.com/r/galaxyfold/comments/dc02zz/whats_your_favorite_use_case_of_the_fold_that_you say it 's great .
reading books manga and watching youtube videos on the go is one the main reasons i want get the fold .
tattooed feet just waiting to be photographed 🥵 interested ?
hi i send my card for verification and nobody answered my email how do i know is done ?
how the fuck do i get out of this .
food tastes like dogfood when im sober so i got ta get high .
but to get high i got ta eat too im so tired of food .
im not sure what the point of this post was i guess to see how high i am .
but theres error in the sourcecode so im guess im peacing out sry guys .
dont smoke to eat you 'll want to smoke everytime you eat .
fuck i love weed but man i smoke everyday how i stop cya
so does this mean there will never be any wipes again ?
or does that mean that the wipes will be further apart ?
looking for a sexy female that 's into lactation play .
i 'm bored and awake and want to hear and see what you would do to me with those supple milky breasts .
hey guys as btc is taking the dip i 've decided to sell off some of my bitcoins at the current price of 6,900/btc .
not very familiar with jungling and safe to say i 'm pretty bad at it can someone offer some advice ?
i bought yasha when i first started playing the game and he was really fun to play but then i quickly moved on to other shiki mainly mid support .
now i 'm trying to pick him up again and i feel like i 'm really struggling i think i do n't have the right understanding of how and when to actually gank .
not to mention i 'm also a lot more used to ranged shiki where you just throw spells from a distance so idk how to use him in teamfights while not being blown to smithereens .
how exactly do you judge when to enter or not ?
they both wan na win and be the strongest while still being heros .
they ca n't take anything less than defeating their rivals at 100 when accepting a win .
have 3 5-iv ha-mareanies all spa and a bunch of 3 and 4iv .
i understand some women have very heavy periods but i am not one of them i usually do n't even bleed enough to need sanitary products .
until yesterday when the gates of hell opened and started raining blood and chunks of uterus from my vagina .
i 'm talking soaking through a jumbo tampon in 2 hours level of downpour .
in my 15 years of menstruating the only time i 've been more concerned was when i had an ovarian cyst .
last night on my second trip to the bathroom to clean myself up after waking up soaked and sticky i accidentally woke up my boyfriend .
he asked what was wrong and i told him i was losing a lot of blood i was in pain and a bit scared .
i could have done with a cuddle a hot water bottle and in an ideal world a chocolate bar .
his response was to tell me that medically '' it 's nothing to worry about that it 's normal .
that he 'd taken exes to hospital before because they bled so much more than me and that doctors did n't even worry about them so i 'm fine .
i know he just did n't want me to worry .
i know his man-brain wanted to reassure me that i was n't going to die that other people had it worse .
but my hormone-riddled period-haver brain tells me he does n't care that he empathised with these blood soaked exes but not me that my experience as the literal resident expert of this body had been invalidated by a man with anecdotes .
this morning we have been frosty to each other i 've said i 'm still processing his reaction to my health/concerns he definitely thinks i 'm being too harsh on him i still think he owes me that chocolate .
so im really wanting that ntl but heres my current team
cb1 marshon lattimore cb2 mike evans fs landon collins ss megatron nickel polamalu and dime julio jones
should i take evans into the dime and julio in the ss with ntl in the cb1 and lattimore in cb2 or what would you guys do
which one of these 2 is the best combo ?
q r w aa r aa ein almost every guide the second one is the main combo but the dmg is pretty much the same while it 's more complicated and gives more time to the target who can escape in those few moments between second r and e
this one is the first combo which is better imho
ye i do n't really understand how icc profile works but have looked it up and found that you can use icc profiles that you download but ca n't find any good icc profiles for my monitor ?
i am looking to do a 360 photography of few animefigures and looking for a partner to do the project with .
so i 'm aware the whole holding your toke only weed gets you higher is kinda controversial but for me no .
does anyone know if keef is more effective when held in as well ?
or would it not have any difference like weed ?
i hate how many commercials that kids see are just to scare them .
like ads around thanksgiving talking about killing turkeys to fill you just to scare kids into not eating turkey .
and ads about smoking on nick with the creepy monsters .
horror ads are not a good way to show kids things i 'm still kind of scared from an anti smoking ad i saw years ago .
soi cau vip xsmt matrix central thứ bảy ngày 30 tháng 11 năm 2019 chuẩn xác nhất hôm nay phân tích chi tiết đài xsdng xsqng kqxsdno .
dự đoán chuẩn xo so mien trung matrix central hôm nay của đài đà nẵng tỉnh quảng ngãi đắk nông theo phân tích của xoso888 matrix number .
is there any way to fully edit a characters values and inventory ?
i 'm really interested in making complex characters to play in the story like with interest hitches such as a character who runs stealth and uses only a blindfold as a helmet yet i ca n't find a way to edit a new character to point when i can assign stats to a blindfold place it in the characters inventory and then also manipulate the characters stats as such .
am trying for a sissygasm but every time i try to i squirt a lot is this normal ?
as you can infer from the title i am seeking two 2 dedicated players for a d d 5e play-by-post game in a homebrew setting taking place over discord .
the other two members of the party are a paladin and a bard .
i will be accepting applications until 12/6 unless i get swamped with applications which i doubt i will and i may message applicants through reddit though this does not guarantee a place in the game .
i 'm sorry in advance to those that i do not choose but please be aware that i am trying to be more selective about who i play with for this game as i have been part of many pbp games that have fallen apart and i want to avoid an unsatisfactory ending for this game .
also keep in mind that i am a relatively new dm so please be willing to bear with me if you apply to join this game .
please read the blurb for the premise of the game and my expectations for the players below and if this looks like the game for you then fill out the application !
the world of zenith is the sandbox of the gods nine eidolons that rule over the realm under the watchful eye of their creator .
the gods guide the mortal races and shape the world around them to challenge them and help them flourish .
the world is not without its conflicts but overall there is peace .
two centuries before the present day the creator now known as the lost eidolon disappeared from the realm in an event later dubbed 'the vanishing ' .
with the disappearance of the world 's greatest guiding hand came an influx of magic the likes of which the realm had never seen .
otherworldly beasts took to the skies and latent powers awakened in ordinary mortals .
the peace that zenith had known had shattered and in its place the tides of chaos surged .
the year is 1520 and zenith has settled into an uneasy calm .
the vanishing took place well beyond the lifespans of most mortals but its effects are still felt in the present .
the world has adapted to the magic that now fills it and the gods begin to make their moves .
the tale begins with four intrepid adventurers new recruits to the explorers ' guild an organization dedicated to protecting the citizens of the territory of the evergreen from the dangers that threaten them and investigating just what happened 200 years ago .
... with that out of the way i do have a few expectations for my players .
hate and negativity accomplish nothing for anyone but this sort of bigotry will especially not be tolerated here .
respectful to me to your fellow players and to yourself
d d is a team effort and your actions can and do affect the other players and your dm .
we may be in this for the long haul so let 's make this experience an enjoyable one !
as a new dm i welcome constructive criticism and am always looking for new ways to improve the way i run the game .
if you 're not having fun please please please tell me .
we 'll work together to fix what you dislike and if it turns out that this game is not your cup of tea then please do n't feel obligated to stay if you 're not enjoying yourself .
i do n't want to waste your time and i do n't believe in holding grudges so communication is key !
... and now for the part you 've all been waiting for !
what timezone are you in and when would you be most active ?
can you commit to posting at least once a day ?
what 's a good ratio of story/roleplay to combat for you ?
do you prefer an open sandbox-style adventure or a more focused plotline-based journey ?
use the following scale to rate the list below .
what do you not like about dnd and/or play-by-post ?
what do you like and not like in a dm ?
edit i got way more responses than i anticipated and found two players for this game and decided to run an additional game in the same setting with the remaining four applicants that i chose .
i 'll message those that i 've selected through reddit .
thank you to everyone who took the time to apply and i wish everyone the best of luck !
new to the cities area and was wondering if there were any good hookups for farm eggs around
here is the lowes black friday store hours 2019 https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2flowes-coupon-codes 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcngzmk605a_1tzyhrspdgirwf8ndla
it is absolutely the best option to find to the deals sales and ads of black friday of 2019 .
also you can discover coupon promo codes and and discount coupons at this page .
moreover there are cyber monday and thanksgiving deals sales and ads .
is it just a cool recognizable symbol that bethesda likes ?
or is it possible it 's a sort of rune a powerful symbol with inherent power ?
i will install windows on a new ssd but i have a lot of files on my hard drive that i will back up of course but my question is if i unplug the hdd install windows ssd and then plug the hdd again can i delete the windows partitions and the system folders and keep my files on it ?
yes boys got some topstoney garms i need shifting for xmas funds hahaha
i can ship to eu but you 'll have to cover shipping .
i 'll do bundle deals if you take multiple items
comment before you message me sub rules init i 've sold bare on here
please do n't use chat bc i wo n't see them on my reddit app
bought on a whim and i never wear it story of my life this is from the earlier batch so its not got wonky text on the back .
3m is pukka and i 've washed it a couple times and you still ca n't see the heatstamp so i do n't think it 's got that flaw
fits like a l it 's a little bit short
belter of a t-shirt absolutely gutted its too big for me this is probably the most accurate t-shirt topstoney 's ever made it 's bsaically indistinguishable from retail even down to the stitching print is sick and 3m is sick
fits tts xxl they 're supposed to be oversized but it looks a bit peak on me hahaha
bought off here a few days ago but its too big for me this is just the regular t-shirt not the mercerised one .
logo is nice as well not wonky still in good condition i 've not worn or washed it just tried it on
so googlemaps does n't give info on transit there .
it seems like there is a limited infrequent bus that runs is there an app i can use to find out how to get from a to b ?
theres a website with an old school paper map http www.heleonbus.org but surely there must be something easier ?
if i stay in hilo could i use the bus to get to most of the main points of interest on the island ?
i do n't even mind the bus being infrequent i 'm just worried at getting around without gps/googlemaps not sure why its like this every other place i 've been to has their bus system integrated with gm .
my background is in nuclear engineering and data analytics .
currently this is all in the black box of their algorithms but if sense can do the first step of identifying a unique signature from something it would be nice to show it and people may know what it actually is .
allow devices to be linked to either their manufacturer purchase page or an evergrowing list by sense that creates profiles for each device .
while there may be more operating factors that affect how the device runs as more people use the same device the differences between them can be determined which would further aid in preventative maintenance recommendations .
your app shows a pretty good representation of the data as it changes .
assuming everyone wants the data for the same purpose is flawed humans are independent creative beings so let us connect together the data from sense apps to whatever we want to do with it in the best resolution available .
do not limit it to one point a minute or anything like that because it changes the data and does not give the real story .
some devices may be recognized but parts of their cycles may not .
sense may recognize it working its main spin cycle but if it stops to fill up with water for a second rinse it might not notice it as the same device .
allow a testing option to add devices and add device cycles .
this could give a baseline for the sense algorithms to use as a baseline and compare for when it might turn on next .
this is extremely useful especially with a house full of appliances and overlapping signals sense may have a hard time determining how to unfold the data .
add device you turn off as much as possible start the procedure turn on the device turn it off .
turn on more appliances repeat optional but more data .
congrats you are now a step closer to having your devices mapped but wait !
create a name for a cycle link to a recognized device stabilize your house power by turning off as much as you can especially variable devices such as air conditioners .
it can then store and use these measurements as a baseline to compare when the same thing happens in the future .
different people will have different methods for this such as in the case of a washing machine one person may make a label for super wash run the whole cycle and be happy .
one person may run a label for power on fill water spinning with water spinning to dry etc and capture each step of a cycle .
if they link to the same device from the same manufacturer these people across the planet could give each other useful info about their machines .
similar appliances can give insight on others even if not the same manufacturer or model .
like one of your examples on your site about why you cant just have a house and connect and disconnect devices this is actually more of the right path of what you need to do but i would suggest a bit of a change .
involve the companies that make the devices create an inhouse solution of the data you would need to build a profile for a device and have the manufacturer fill out or give you the information .
factories have a quality assessment as well as technical departments .
they have to ensure all the same devices are working within spec and are not defective before selling them .
they would have all the information on how their device should work .
this can drastically improve the anomoly detection and maintenance suggestions .
it is a good start but it needs work .
if you like my ideas please pm me and maybe we can work together .
just in case you 've missed the notification we want to remind you that you can participate in brand new update with thanksgiving theme !
i know historically we usually just see a ha sale but this season we get a fall fashion pack and a ha bundle .
i really like this idea especially since it 's really cheap for 6 high value garments plus a ha .
on a side note i finally planned ahead this year by thinking about the ha i want before the actual sale and now i 'm really excited to get the knot scarf !
i recently unlocked the curley long bob style and natural fro so it 's super useful for the cozy challenges .
what is everyone getting/did get for the ha sale ?
i mentioned previously a link my wife was reluctant to try .
i have this fantasy of he looking me in the eye and squeezing my testicles as hard as she can while biting my cock .
she has kinda done this before but never full force .
after asking this community for advice on how to make it comfortable for her to hear i explained it to her .
it was her idea to duck so i think she was a little more hornet .
mid bj she gave me what i was asking for .
fun thing is i think she saw how much i liked it and really enjoyed it herself .
something primal woke up by feeling the power of biting and squeezing her mans testicles .
how do i read the codes on original gummi factory products ?
so recently i decided i wanted to add some olympic lifts into my current strength training routine but i 'm not sure where to start and how to progress .
all i 've been doing is practicing form with light weight and using dumbbells .
i 'm having some trouble with wrist mobility and i do n't want to injure myself .
for reference i 'm a 17 yo 145lb track and field athlete with about year and 1/2 of serious weight training
do n't burn a hole in your pocket and explore some of the limited time only offers on sale .
get about 300 million dollars at only 3.00 and so much more .
that they paid for their hunting ticket with conservation authorities in the local government ?
shekels are skyrocketing in price maybe they 'll go for that as a form of payment .
most first-time business owners ask the question do i really need a florida business lawyer https jflawfirm.com/florida-business-lawyer-helps-your-business-grow ? experienced business owners know that the answer is a rotund yes – and most of them probably learned it the hard way .
read on to learn why it is crucial to hire an experienced florida business lawyer to help you set up and develop the business of your dreams .
many people have ideas for what they think is the perfect business however not many of them are willing to put in the effort it takes to execute that idea .
to start a business in florida or any other state you will need to take several crucial steps and making mistakes can have severe legal consequences .
to set up the business of your dreams in florida the first thing you need to do is determine what specific steps you will need to follow to start the type of business you intend to run .
this first step is crucial because there are many different laws and procedures that you must follow depending on the nature of your business .
a florida business attorney can be of great help at this stage by educating you on how to remain compliant will all applicable laws when setting up your business .
additionally an experienced florida business attorney https jflawfirm.com/questions-about-legal-services-for-small-businesses-answered-by-a-florida-business-attorney will be able to give you an accurate estimate of how much money and time you should devote to setting up your business and ensuring it remains compliant .
when you have something at stake that can potentially cause your company to lose lots of money or affect the public image of your business you will most definitely need a qualified florida business lawyer to help you draft bulletproof contracts .
in cases where there is a breach of contract you may find yourself in the middle of a business dispute and losing both your reputation and – possibly – your business due to a poorly written contract .
many first-time business owners use standard contracts they find online to save money which can only be compared to throwing grenades at your company 's headquarters .
the very first lesson every business owner needs to learn is that business contracts are the key to a successful business and therefore they need to be drafted by experts to meet every company 's specific needs .
an experienced florida business lawyer can ensure all your contracts are bulletproof and hold up in court in the event of a breach of contract .
no matter how well you do things disputes will always arise .
when business disputes arise they can quickly evolve into business litigation .
every business in florida needs an experienced business lawyer to represent the company in court should litigation become the only way to resolve a dispute .
many state and federal laws need to be taken into account when running a business in florida .
one of these laws has to do with employees .
staying compliant with employment laws is crucial as disputes between employers and employees are common and can have severe consequences for businesses .
as a business owner and employer you need to consider things such as work conditions the maximum hours that each one of your employees can work per week and the minimum state wages among many other things .
it is crucial to hire an experienced florida business lawyer who understands employment laws https jflawfirm.com/miami-employment-contracts-lawyer-can-help-you-with-your-employment-contracts because in many cases first-time business owners do not know the ins and outs of these laws .
failing to operate in compliance with employment laws can lead to a series of legal problems that could end up destroying the business you have worked so hard to build .
hire a florida business lawyer from jurado farshchian p.l .
having a skilled and experienced business attorney is crucial when it comes to starting and running the business of your dreams in florida .
seeking legal advice from the very beginning will allow your attorney to start working right away to make sure your business is built in compliance with all applicable laws .
work with the best florida business attorneys in florida .
today at 305 921-0440 or email romy jflawfirm.com mailto romy jflawfirm.com to schedule an initial consultation with one of our business formation experts .
ok he has ran from killers and hunted survivors .
below is a list of the deltas awarded in this post r/changemyview/comments/e3dl4x/cmv_feminisme_is_the_best_thing_to_have_happened .
please note that a change of view is not necessarily a reversal https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/index wiki_what_is_a_.27view.27.3f and that op awarding a delta does n't mean the conversation has ended .
for a full explanation of the delta system see here https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem .
1 delta from op to u/the-optimystic for i think viewing r/mgtow alone will change your view !
feminism is not a single idea or a single mov ... '' r/changemyview/comments/e3dl4x/cmv_feminisme_is_the_best_thing_to_have_happened/f92jjtv ? context=3
mikimiku started together in 2017 and have lots of memories together do n't they❤️ it 's amazing how much their performances have improved♪ continue to go on in this way✨
everyone said it suits me so i came to like it lol
when i laugh i open my mouth really wide !
i have the image of you always having your mouth wide open when you laugh lol
something that makes you glad that you joined sakura gakuin ! !
finding out about the fun of singing and dancing !
singing and dancing is fun right~♪ i love being with the other members
if you were reborn what would you want to be ?
also i want to be reborn and be taller !
i want to be smart leave a history and become a face that people respect in the future .
an area that you think you 've grown in ! !
at first i only saw stuff about myself but now i can see stuff about the other kits too !
see you teach your juniours how to dance made me think that you 've grown and makes me emotional
a song that you want to dance to ! !
although i 'm not flexible it looks fun when i watch the videos !
i danced to it in 2015 and it was really fun❤️
you get 100 zabutons https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zabuton ! ✨【zabutons are given to people who give funny responses in the show】
when i watch tv at home i say things like nandeyanen as a tsukkomi response lol
as expected of someone who wears a in charge of tsukkomi t-shirt lol
jag tänkte att saker och ting skulle ske en stund efter att gdpr blev lag .
men jag tror att i princip ingen har ändrat något förutom att vi har fått ett cookie-banner helvete .
edit skulle göra det klart men embericed var före se hans kommentar .
although the gdpr does n't specifically ban opt-out consent the information commissioner 's office ico says that opt-out options are essentially the same as pre-ticked boxes which are banned .
om man går in på tex dn så har man läs mer '' och stäng '' .
sen om man går vidare så anser jag att de bryter det mesta tex kort och koncis text klargöra varför och hur de ska använda data osv
it 's 2:30am and im so emotionally exhausted and tired of crying but i cant sleep and dont know what to do about how im feeling and it feels like i 'll never get over it .
im 18 and this is my first major family death to someone ive been close to and i dont know how to cope
i 'm working on a electromagnetics project and i need a controller for a motor driver .
the ic needs to have an analog input and a pwm output .
the input is going to be the ratiometric output of a analog hall effect sensor and the output will control a motor driver with pwm .
for my needs mic502 from microchip seems perfect however it is not produced anymore and i can not find any stock .
i 'm thinking of tc642b/tc647b from microchip as an alternative but i 'm inexperienced .
can you tell me if it is a good alternative for mic502 ?
if not can you suggest me other alternatives with analog input and pwm output ?
also just checking that it is completely wireless and does not need a cable for voice chat ? as it mentions somthing about buying an adapter if you do n't have the jack input on controller .
just getting into ubiquiti and want to get the udm but also want a camera for outside the door will add more later .
i have a switch for poe but as i understand the regular version does n't have protect .
can i just rstp the video onto my server and not worry about it .
trade looking for ha galarian darmanitan/darumaka ft ha galarian cursola/corsola
our company best exteriors https bestexteriors.com ? utm_source=reddit.com utm_medium=post utm_campaign=brand 20name performs all types of siding installation in bay area california
an example of our work siding installation near me https bestexteriors.com/siding-replacement-san-jose ? utm_source=reddit.com utm_medium=post utm_campaign=siding 20installation 20near 20me '' in san jose ca
excuse my english and any broken rules if so .
so i 've recently started keto again and have been off an on for 2 years now but with no real dedication so never lasted more than a couple weeks .
i 've not had any struggles at all with eating but i realised i often struggle to reach my fat count .
my daily meal is usually eggs chicken and either green beans harticots verts in my language or broccoli .
this usually gives me enough protein and carbs throughout the day but lacking in fat .
i do n't see it as a problem really but wanted to ask this sub for help if i should worry about it or just leave it .
i 'm trying to lose weight and am taking 1-3 15-30 minute walks every week and some times a small gym routine in between .
originally i think was trying to do regular when i was a kid later tried snowboard and naturally goofy kind of felt more comfortable and it stuck to me ever since .
about 5 years ago i bought a longboard and guess what ... goofy was still there i dont mind it but would like to learn in regular too i can switch but it kinda feels awkward .
also i think it affects my boxing as i stand in orthodox .
any thought on improving regular or style in general apart from just skating more ?
i enjoyed what i played of the first one and the sequel just fine tunes everything from the first game .
ft 6iv love ball calm feebas w prism scale leveled and ev trained 5iv modest milotic in heal ball very many 5iv love ball feebas breedjects 4iv chinese ditto 2 iv jpn ditto 5iv heal ball salandit black sludge bottle caps
lf love ball salandit apriballs toxic orb fire orb sylvally for living dex offers
i have very many ha aprimons so unless its not in circulation much already i probably already have it .
not looking for non english ditto unless its perfect already have a 5iv .
is arctis pro renewed for 99 a good deal or should i get sony wh-xb900n ?
i mostly listen to the music audioboks and game a lot .
on the notice about the daily rewards during the days of december on the bottom it says look forward to an extra special present on christmas day ! ''
while we did get it recently i was thinking maybe it 's another 4 exchange ticket but that 's unlikely so maybe 30 quartz .
what do you guys think will be the special present '' that they have for us ?
background i want to buy a laptop and i 'm not a gamer .
i need it for doing personal work office work .
so i need more robust and sturdy machine with good processor .
processor speed as how much difference would it really make i5 10210u vs i5 1035g1 .
build quality which one is better envy or 2nd one i do n't know what model it is .
my heart is going for envy because of higher processor and model touch x360 stylus pen but then i think 15.6 '' screen size may be too much and also it costs high as currently i 'm using mac air 13 '' .
if you guessed me right and have any other laptop to suggest please feel free .
i just read all of the manga in a day and a half and seen there 's an anime of it with 3 seasons and would love to watch it .
i know it 's chinese so it 's not a manga and basically just spelt differently but it 's not on crunchyroll or netflix and i can barely find anything with english subs on youtube .
so any help finding a site to watch would very much be appreciated .
i 'm torn in between getting sanrio meets and go !
that 's kind of the thing that 's holding me back.. also i like that go can connect to your phone .
i 'm new to tamagotchis though i used to play all the time when i was younger .
currently have the re-release of g1 and best friends .
i just started 1.5 months ago as a software engineer for a 600-person company .
my team wanted to hire me as an employee but i live in a different state and senior leadership does n't like to hire remote workers .
that being said i 'm not exactly working from cafes in bali .
i am actually physically in the corporate office one week per month and in my remote office three weeks per month .
i work mon–fri 9am–6pm and i am very close with my awesome team .
because i am working for this company full-time it removes the ability for me to create multiple income streams .
i am solely dependent on this company to make my living and support my family .
they have been really slow and sloppy about paying me .
i invoice with a due date of 2 weeks and i 've had to track them down to pay me for the first invoice 4 days late and the second one was due 4 days ago but they wo n't pay it until next friday 10 days late ... and really rough timing since it 's at the end of the month !
on wednesday i sent a few respectful but rather stern emails to the accounting department to figure out what the hell is going on .
my boss also spent a lot of his day trying to track them down so i could get paid before yesterday 's holiday which they did n't do .
since all my bills are due on the first of the month i now have no buffer and might have to borrow money to cover myself until they pay me .
i asked my dad who has been a software engineering contractor and he said that i have no rights as a contractor and that i need to adjust my expectations and sense of entitlement .
so now i feel like potentially an a-hole for expecting to be paid according to my invoice due date as a contractor and for raising a stink '' about it all with my boss and accounting .
at the same time it does n't feel right that i should n't be able to budget accurately .
i have debts to pay off and i also partially support my mom .
i am totally ok with a longer payment deadline n30 n45 ...
i just want predictability so i can manage my personal life and obligations with some degree of confidence .
are my expectations reasonable or is my dad right and i 've been kinda ta for expecting so much ?
have had this for years however its been recently getting longer and thinner on the base .
it frequently gets caught on my underwear and hurts https imgur.com/a/jt0zsyz
add me to exchange gifts and get a high level 0171 0617 0633
i downloaded media creation tool on usb and c drive but windows kept trying to download to host computer c drive which was already running windows 10 .
idea ... attached dvd drive via sata cable to motherboard and tried to run windows 8.1 .
instead it stopped motherboard from turning on during next attempt .
the motherboard icon flashed to indicate electricity that is beginning and end .
also took out cmos battery and put it back in .
with the resolution of the kurdish-arab disputes britain is to begin implementing her peace in the middle east with the assistance of the forces of the new king of syria zeid hashemite we shall begin the immediate implementation of the agreed borders .
we see failure to do so as only delaying the peace treaty with the former ottoman power and making the situation a reality on the ground will improve the situation sufficiently .
arab kingdom of syria https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0d/flag_of_kingdom_of_syria 281920-03-08_to_1920-07-24 29.svg/1920px-flag_of_kingdom_of_syria 281920-03-08_to_1920-07-24 29.svg.png his royal majesty zeid bin hussein
as arranged the borders of the new arab kingdom of syria are as follows
the euphrates in the north east will be the border with the british protectorate of iraq along its south eastern stretch and the protected kingdom of kurdistan along its north eastern stretch as depicted here https media.discordapp.net/attachments/643205654747676682/649080534261301258/unknown.png ? width=720 height=568
the border with the ottoman empire will follow the karufu river down to where it meets the orontes and then further onto the coast .
from the most northern point of the karusu it shall run in a straight line eastwards towards the euphrates .
the border with palestine will be defined as the river jordan .
the border with transjordan will be the yarmouk river to its most southernly point .
from there it will run eastwards in a straight line for 300km before turning north east in a straight line towards the euphrates .
deployment of british troops inside syrian borders limited to 12,000 in peace time and 50,000 in times of war when syria is not a participant .
the kingdom of syria renounces all claims on any other territory in the middle east .
the kingdom of syria signs a treaty of friendship and alliance with the uk guaranteeing the rights of british citizens in syria the reduction of trade barriers on british goods and an agreement to not align with enemies of the united kingdom .
the agreement will also provide syria with british aid and arms in building a national army and developing the economy .
guarantee that french economic interests will be respected and protected .
british protectorate of the emirate of jordan https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/55/flag_of_the_emirate_of_transjordan.svg/1920px-flag_of_the_emirate_of_transjordan.svg.png his emminence emir abdullah bin hussein
the western border of transjordan with palestine will be the territories encompassing the jordan valley .
its southern/western border will start 50km to the south of the city of aqba it will then travel north west until in reaches the qa'al jafar river finally turning north in a straight line until it reaches the syrian border .
britain shall provide a yearly subsidy of 250,000 to the emir abdullah .
the emirate of jordan will be a british protectorate meaning that britain controls its foreign policy and defense while also assisting in the creation of a civil service to govern the territories internal affairs .
british protectorate of the emirate of iraq https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/c6/flag_of_iraq 281924–1959 29.svg/1920px-flag_of_iraq 281924–1959 29.svg.png his emminence emir faisal bin hussein
the iraqi border will be defined as shown on this map https media.discordapp.net/attachments/643205654747676682/649080534261301258/unknown.png ? width=720 height=568
iraq and britain have agreed to the 20 points https www.reddit.com/r/swwp/comments/dymkch/event_the_arab_question/f8b103s with the amendment to point 1 being a transition to protected state after 3 years instead of 5 .
britain will arrange negotiations for the integration of kuwait into the future protected state of iraq in 5 years .
britain will provide a yearly subsidy of 400,000 for the emir faisal .
protected state of kurdistan https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/06/flag_of_kingdom_of_kurdistan 281922-1924 29.svg/1000px-flag_of_kingdom_of_kurdistan 281922-1924 29.svg.png and his royal majesty king mahmud barzani .
the kingdom of kurdistan 's borders in the former ottoman levant and mesopotamia will be defined as the following https media.discordapp.net/attachments/643205654747676682/649080534261301258/unknown.png ? width=720 height=568 .
in the north with the ottoman empire to compensate for the loss of land in the levant the kurdish border in the north will follow the anti-taurus mountains until it reaches lake van .
from the eastern bank of lake van it will follow the river yanitkar dersi to its most northern point before continuing to the persian border .
kurdistan will further be compensated with the territory around and north of aintaib depicted here https media.discordapp.net/attachments/587277413541609472/650031226916307003/arab.png
britain will provide a yearly subsidy of 400,000 to king mahmud .
crown colony of palestine https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/33/palestine-mandate-ensign-1927-1948.svg/1920px-palestine-mandate-ensign-1927-1948.svg.png as of yet unassigned governor
the territory of palestine will be governed as a crown colony of the british empire respecting the rights of all inhabitants .
as the only undecided border palestine 's current border with the khedivate of egypt will serve as its southern border .
the territories of greater lebanon shall be given to france to govern as they wish .
it 's a children 's pc game that is pretty old so any help is appreciated .
there is a pirate that says something along the line of i 'm pirate pete and i rule the seas and i do what i want
one of the animals is a cucu bird and it makes sound and gives information
you have to get keys in order to complete your mission
there is an island you go on that has different things
i am looking for a lady from indian subcontinent to talk about cuckolding and various aspects related to such a lifestyle choice .
i have been attracted to cheating cuckolding and domineering women ever since i can remember .
however i have been rather confused about this subject because of certain reasons recently .
i would like to gain better clarity by engaging with an intelligent mindful person who finds the subject interesting .
i am single and i would describe myself as a cuckold wannabe for the longest time .
you could be married or single or some other situation i would just like to get to know a like minded person and perhaps be of help as well .
it could lead to something more substantial in real life but i prefer to keep things simple for now
hey so i been streaming on twitch for sometime now .
i had a healthy average of 7-10 healthy as in my opinion of healthy .
but now it 's seems as tho lurks do n't count anymore ?
like i have regulars that come in and open the stream say hi to let me know they are there but majority of the time they are working on something or just watching and not chatting .
i have noticed that if they are n't chatting twitch wo n't recognize them as a viewer .
my question is did i miss something that twitch changed with lurks
hi i know there was a post similar to this a year back and i read all the comments and the main answer was mod it yourself .
i just wanted to ask if there where any new pcbs that had these qualities .
since a year has passed and the custom mechanical keyboard scene has grown .
ive looked at possibly every video and i have all chests all secrets .
but i think im missing just 1 force echo .
non-shiny unowns a c d e f g i k l n o p r s t w !
spinda 1 3 8 mime jr. legacy charizard e legacy gyarados dp legacy metagross mm legacy dragonite dc legacy onix ih legacy raichu t legacy tyrannitar sd legacy mewtwo sb legacy zapdos ts ts+t legacy moltres sa legacy mewtwo sb hb pichus and pikas with all hats shedinja spiritomb meltan melmetal most legendaries
i recently noticed that the soundtrack can sometimes change my whole perception of an anime so i am looking for titles that have awesome/unique soundtrack .
xera 's exchange will address the issues and challenges traders are facing with cryptocurrency exchange platforms while providing an integrated solution for traders and investors who are interested in the cryptocurrency market .
xera will provide the professional tools and resources that traders require for precise trade execution .
hi this is my first post ever on reddit .
i 've been diagnosed with severe depression and anxiety since 2015 so i prefer to spend my birthday on my own without others knowing about it .
mostly because every birthday i end up crying or being overly emotional because my abusive and narcissistic father loves calling in and ruining my day .
we 're estranged but for some stupid reason every birthday i answer his call and hope that he will act like a real dad like all my friends are lucky to have or on tv but he never does or tries to .
so i stupidly answered the call today and he made me feel like the smallest person in the world and i 'm mad at myself for letting him .
after today 's call i hung up on him and put his number on block .
i hate my birthday because he makes me feel like my birthday is a mistake like i do n't matter and honestly i think that too sometimes .
i just feel like i 'm never going to have a birthday we 're i can be happy that i 'm still here alive and surviving it 's just going to be the same cycle over and over again .
willing to meet locally in north dallas or at a dfw field .
all items sold as is they 're all project guns .
all pieces are there except the selector switch detents which will prevent the switch from clicking into position .
the magwell was lightly sanded to fit magpul pts sr25 pmags which has no effect on how scar mags fit and adds no wobble or feeding issues to them .
so we all know that loki is laufey 's son but does laufey know ?
there were some mentions of the above in early 2010s issues of simpsons comics but does anyone think the same ?
did habstrakt just say fuck it and not update the playlist ?
this is always the highlight of my friday but this week i 've only got the new tracks from the artists i follow on my release radar instead of being able to check out some lesser known producer 's new tunes .
this could be another must win for paul cook at home againt a mediocre reading .
cook says we probably wo n't play 4-4-2 due to readings ' formation .
i 'm hoping pilkington keeps his place he looked really dangerous in his 60 mins or so .
i am going to go for a nervy 1-0 win .
sorry all for being absent this season 's form mixed with some personal things have made me less motivated and active on here and other socials .
who else has returned theirs and how did it go ?
mine made it safely back to google a week ago today and i have n't received any confirmation apart from ups tracking or refund .
asked support about it yesterday and they said they did n't have any more info than i did .
when i make a beat with heavy 808s and low piano chords the 808 always interferes with the lower piano melody and destroys the mix .
how can i adjust either track to deal with this ?
what kind of stone countertops would look good paired with gray concrete floors with a low-level polish a lot like this https www.google.com/imgres ? imgurl=http www.sandiegoconcreteservices.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/04/sealed-concrete-san-diego-custom-concrete-pros-concrete-repair-services.jpg imgrefurl=http www.sandiegoconcreteservices.com/sealed-concrete tbnid=bjdkzzc3-7uk-m vet=1 docid=fkee6w8n0zetcm w=1024 h=768 q=sealed+concrete+floors source=sh/x/im ?
we got tired of the rollbacks and wasted hours !
come join us and build a great long lasting community on the tastless server !
i am committed to participating in my community college 's portland or summer 2020 race and racism study abroad course .
the instructor who is leading the trip is amazing and enthusiastic as all getup about this trip .
this is obviously a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and i am pulling out all the stops to assure that i make it on that plane .
i am enrolled full-time volunteer regularly work part-time accept the full amount of subsidized and un-subsidized loans just got turned down for the gilman scholarship have multiple other scholarship applications pending but even if awarded them i will not meet the 6,000 ticket-price to join the trip which has led me to gofundme to try to offset a portion of that cost .
please take a moment and visit my fundraising page and consider helping to send me to south africa .
i 'm happy to provide verification of my enrollment and my 3.75 gpa .
we are a grup of friends on diffrent consols and pc .
but sometimes when we back out of a lobby or a match ends they who are on diffrent consol or pc get kicked from the party .
if my memory serves me right when i was using godot 3.0 any changes i did to source 3d files dae in my case would instantly reflect in the corresponding scene file .
so i thought scene file is basically a metadata that point to my source model .
however in godot 3.1 and 3.2 if i import a dae file and save a corresponding scene file .tscn any changes i make to a dae file will not affect the scene file in any way at all .
that is i can actually delete my dae file from the resource directory including .import folder the scene file will still contain my model .
i think it is good idea as you can delete all your source 3d model files leaving only scene files .
however does it mean that it is impossible to actually re-use meshes in godot with different textures ?
by that i mean that if i have one model but can chose 1 out of 2 textures to use with it i will have to make two scene files one with each texture .
these scene files would have same meshes but different textures .
but that would mean that the engine sees them as two different meshes as scene files actually do not link to source 3d file .
if you 'd like some accountability this weekend let us know that one thing you need to get done and we 'll pester you about it .
or if you 're lounging around watching tv organizing your planner meal prepping feel free to chime in too with everyday chit chat .
we 're here if you need advice planning for an event or dealing with family politics .
for anyone interested in knowing more about the sector i recommend the resources made available by logi an independent ngo
what i would like everyone to know though is this oil and gas discoveries are not always a good thing for countries .
in fact it is rarely the case that discoveries improve a country 's weak economy .
gas if proven is not the solution to our problems .
resource exports increase the value of a country 's currency making its local products less competitive .
in addition taking more loans because of a promise of hydrocarbons slows the economy .
for more details about the resource curse i recommend these
please look at what happened in mozambique a country that 's very similar to ours they had a recent civil war they are ranked low on the corruption perception index and they had debt to be paid .
they discovered gas in 2010 production is starting soon but the country wo n't see any revenue until 2030 and their situation is worse than ever .
politicians may be able to delay the collapse if they take more loans now but as a lot of cases have shown it will only worsen our economy in the long run .
also no political party should be allowed to take credit for gas if discovered .
it is already happening and it 's driving me crazy .
just because some international oil companies decided to invest during your time in power does not mean you can take credit for it .
oil/gas has always been there and every lebanese has the right to benefit from it .
my point is that we need better policies and more transparency in place if we want to even remotely benefit from potential gas discoveries .
first time buyin a replica so i would really appreciate some feedback .
decided to go bloodbound and savages today vs bots at work and on mobile as i happened to get a btc on level 3 .
then i noticed that my savage unit with the btc got x times savage bonus on each attack as they got bloodboundstacks .
so it was a bit hilarious to see a lycan rack up 60 damage pr attack when i had full savage alliance and he got all the bloodbound bonuses .
because it was even more fun when i landed two btcs and could do this on 2 savage units .
it also seems as the surviving savage unit with btc got multiplied the first units savage attack stacks .
every time i try to open tibia the client has me update and then after the update the client opens back up and says that the client could n't update and closes on me .
i 've tried download a new client off the website and same thing happens .
i have been using potplayer but there are some problems mostly about the gui that the developer is not willing to fix so i have looked for alternatives .
unfortunately all other video players i could found had worse guis .
potplayer surely does have lots of features but to be honest i do not need most of them .
i just need basic 2d video playback including multiple audio tracks subtitles etc .
i have no idea about creating video players but it seems that there are lots of parts that a video player is using such as video/audio decoder lav ffmpeg splitter i guess it is to extract separate audio/video/subtitle data from a single video '' file a video renderer madvr evr but i am not sure what exactly this is etc .
so if extracting data decoding rendering is this displaying the video on screen ?
are all done by existing libraries what exactly are players like potplayer doing ?
if it is so is it relatively easy to create a video player ?
again what i am trying to do is mostly about changing the ui not anything about video/audio decoding itself ... except that i want to fix that potplayer 's ui hangs while opening a video file on a windows shared directory .
i 'm back into dating 25m and i do struggle .
i can be quiet flirty and charming to women ... . for 20-25 min .
i ca n't sit stand still longer then this and also i start looking everywhere exapt of to her and i will stop listening .
does anybody here has a dating concept working for adhders ?
not sure how i should start this but i 've been together with my wife for 17 years she 's my first girlfriend/love and we have 3 lovely kids together with the youngest just being 1 year old .
we never fight our sex life has been mostly satisfactory .
however it also was quite limited she does have back issues which limits the things we can do as it starts hurting quite bad in some positions and of course i do n't want her in pain .
after the 3rd child yes even with her back i felt being neglected which is somewhat normal having that many kids and her just having another child .
it was however much worse then the other 2 kids .
i talked to her about it and she understood and wanted to make an effort but whenever there was an opportunity for sexy time '' she usually just fell a sleep .
i do n't blame her for that or anything .
she works hard takes care of the kids and the household which i also help in and things get postponed cancelled because of that .
even though i tried talking with my wife about how i felt things were n't changing whatever i tried .
i stepped in and took care of the kids/household a lot more so should could get more rest and have some time for herself .
one evening after her falling asleep again i found a kind of website for sex dating .
whenever she fell asleep i browsed and looked around .
since we are both first lovers there has always been that question of how it would be with another woman .
i tried talking to me wife about it even .
what she thinks about another woman or man for her but she refused discussing those options which again i also do n't blame her for .
after a while i just posted an ad and met another woman in a similar situation .
also in a relationship kids and missing 'certain ' things .
we chatted quite often and one thing let to the other ... we went on a couple of dates and i crossed the line of being faithful .
i felt that an entire new world opened up for me .
having regrets second thoughts fear of getting caught and loosing everything .
i have n't told my wife anything and she does n't suspect anything either .
i do n't want my wife to find out as that would end our relationship .
i 'm not proud of it but i learned to live with it .
fast forward a couple of months things were getting a little better again with my wife as she got more sleep ... but i kept visiting that site out of interest whenever i got rejected or felt lonely .
then out of the blue i met another woman online .
also in a relationship needing some fun '' without strings attached .
i just mailed around a bit and chatted with her not knowing where it would go .
a part of me is screaming to end it but another part ca n't help but wanting to continue and discover more of that new world .
most people will probably think i 'm a bad person and a cheater me included but talking to women online about certain things going on to dates is something i never did with anyone other then my wife and since i 'm getting older i feel it 's now or never to discover and try new things .
obviously i do n't want my wife out of my life at all .
but i can not get past those thoughts of meeting other women and discovering new things that i have n't been able to get with my wife .
i 'm not sure what i should do to stop those thoughts and stop talking to that other woman and other women ass well before i end up meeting with a woman for again sexy time ... .
i recently been diagnosed and have been pretty upset .
i have been on my period for over 3 week and my gyno said i may have so me thyroid issues .
had my blood tested and came back as hypo .
i 'm 30 years old eat fairly clean diet strict during the week 1500-1800 kcals and loosen up on the weekends work out 3-4 days a week pretty active full time job .
what are some foods i should incorporate into my diet ?
i eat 5 small meals a day should i change this ?
i take my levo at 630a but was wondering when i sleep in on the weekend will i be okay taking it when i wake up around 9-11a ?
and my weirdest question if i were to swallow cum after my levo will that be okay ?
i apologize for all these questions just trying to figure this all out .
so in the comment section of the ost and in this very subreddit i commonly see people saying that undertale has a bad community
as a fan of this game i was a bit annoyed so i was hoping that someone could tell me whats so bad about the community as i could be one of the cancerous ones and i want to be a better person if that is the case
im here in regards to a project where i have to write about a religions ritual/practice and use scholarly articles for college .
i would like to do it on the bahai faith as we did not go to any bahai places of worship and one of the requirements is visiting the place of worship to view the ritual or ask for an insider perspective of the religion .
what rituals might i want to consider that are important to the bahai faith ?
would it be considered respectful to take part in said ritual or observe ?
any academic articles or journals thst can help me ?
i feel like it 's straightforward i 'm just overthinking the heck out of it
raised in a strict mormon household by a mom that thought women should n't go to college and should be a housewife married by 20 .
she remarried a great man but has told me that she just wants her life with him and not have to worry about her kids anymore .
my brother 28 lives with them and is an alcoholic that lies about having a job ca n't keep one past 3 months when he actually does and dropped out of high school .
to summarize my mom has always let him get away with things but is very strict with me .
she was n't supportive of my dream to go to college and if i did choose to she does n't see why i want to go past a associate 's degree even though the profession i love requires a master 's .
because of the lack of support i could only afford to take 2 classes a semester .
he has drunkenly tried strangling me while i was driving .
he also drunkenly tries to touch me inappropriately and i 've found his underwear in my room before .
a few years ago i escaped my parents home and moved in with my boyfriend of 5 years and a few of our friends .
i can not tell you guys how much i healed and grew in that time .
i am a year away from finishing undergrad without any distractions or my family putting me down .
unfortunately he and i are breaking up and i have nowhere else to go .
i ca n't work enough to have my own place i live in a city that is extremely expensive .
no friends are able to take me in or anything .
i have a cat which has been harder to find a rented room with .
my brother is in my old room and so i would be taking my mom 's yoga room '' which in the past year has been converted into a storage room .
when i asked to come back she broke down crying saying i 'm taking away something she has wanted her whole life .
when i try to discuss my brother 's past abuse and how i can create healthy boundaries she accuses me of lying because she does n't remember him ever being abusive .
last april he drunkenly shoved her into a wall pinned her on it and screamed at her .
i told her i will only stay a year to finish my last year of college so far and she 's holding me to it .
i grew so much from being out of this environment and i 'm worried about going back .
i do not want my brother to hurt me anymore and i have parents that keep giving him a pass .
when i 'm there too he is so lonely from being home all day he wo n't leave me alone .
i need a quiet environment to study and just feel safe .
tl dr i 'm moving back into a home i escaped since i am breaking up with my boyfriend .
any advice on how to handle the move back is appreciated .
we have a 9 year old neutered ragdoll who keeps getting stud tail he has had it on and off for years and has had to have his tail shaved many times to be able to clean it and then it comes back .
the vet has said it 's usually male cats who are not neutered who get this !
hi.this is a long one so sorry for anyone who hopes to help me i appreciate your time .
i really need some advice on how to meet girls i am getting to the larger side of my 20 's now 27m and i have hardly touched the dating world aside a girlfriend in school i have spent my life mostly alone .
there are factors to this i have been incredibly shy from before i can remember i recall never wanting to go to school and spending the first weeks hiding under tables to avoid people this mentality has followed me through life i managed okay in school as i got lucky enough to make good friends and this circle grew meaning i was rarely alone .
sadly this personality trait does n't fade i have tried numerous times to overcome my shyness but i usually end up worst off .
i suffer mega social anxiety and honestly when it comes to strangers whilst it sounds rude i would rather blank them as i just mentally panic i can manage fine over computers and phones but in person i just do n't work .
i also have no self confidence i have never been attractive to look at i know i am ugly i have come to terms with this i have more than just my own self doubt to back this up but that 's another story too boring and long to post .
i as mentioned have accepted this but there are reasons this does n't recover .
and to boot im a introvert with no friends for them who think shy and introvert are the same they are n't .
i hate loud places like pubs and bars and prefer to be in a warm homey type place ... like home .
so now i ask can anyone offer advice on meeting someone with the above considered ?
i essentially lack all dating experience and too shy to even approach women and generally do n't even like the best places to meet them do i have any chance ?
i ideally would love to know some places to try to meet some girls without having to hit on them .
i know many will say about not looking for a girl first and i will find one eventually but i have had this mindset and never see anyone because i am never around any girls meetup is one i tried but i felt nervous and never said anything i can manage if someone approaches me but this almost never happened so i quit .
online dating is out as i mentioned i am not a pretty sight to many and online dating for men ... well you need to be at least a 7 and even that 's pushing it .
i do n't wan na sound negative but i am just giving up .
i really would want to try getting into the game again not many even would look at a 27 year old with no real world dating experience never mind the rest of my problems .
i would be happy to start as close friends i 'm not so much as into the idea of having a girlfriend as i just feel like i am missing someone feel lonely and want someone to cuddle as we watch stupid comedies on tv or enjoy a walk in the sun normal stuff really .
i like to think as myself as a nice guy not the self entitled type who the world owes something i get along great with female work colleagues but i really do n't want to mix dating with their personal lives eg meeting their friends as i feel embarrassed enough by this as is .
people tell me i am very kind and polite and great to talk to both for a laugh or as a listener but i dunno i do n't bring this out to the table when meeting new people .
anyone know any idea 's on where i could meet girls maybe who are n't so big on drinking so we can laugh how the pub wont be the story of where we met ?
maybe finding somewhere with exposure to potential interests for friend or something more would be a good start even if it just helps me talk more .
any tips would be nice i am seriously just losing hope at this point i have hit rock bottom in the dating world and think if i do n't progress soon i might as well give up all together .
ps i know many will say about fixing my shyness long story short i have tried and it do n't work and my self confidence never has been high but try being laughed at for a rejection in a public place with all of my above issues present its honestly messed me up to the point i am terrified to approach girls for anything aside from work related tasks .
recently i have downloaded a couple of mp4 files but when i tried to open the folder which contained them the folder said 12 files but when i pressed it it led to a white screen that said there was no files to preview .
this splatfest will take place on november 9-11 2019 .
it will begin at 6:00 am on the 9th and end at 6:00 pm on the 11th .
the shifty station for this splatfest will be grapplink girl
so i was out on vacation last week and got back tuesday .
my company liked one of our analyst 's work of a heatmap dashboard of our western region .
they decided it would be a good idea to fully fund a project for all of the regions and tell all the execs vice presidents and chief officers that it 'll be ready by thanksgiving .
i 'm the only who will actually be working on this projects since its an enterprise effort and we do n't have a gis team despite the fact that i am primarily an administrator not an analyst .
i only got the some relevant data today but my boss volunteered me to show off a demo tomorrow depsite me cautioning against it .
there is a lot of visibility with this project so this might be what ends up costing me my job .
quid pro quo is not the crime quid pro quo with personal interest is the crime holding up foreign aid is fine if it is in the better interest of national security or the world how was investigating a conspiracy theory and going outside of official state department channels for the better interest of the country ?
if y'all would n't mind please take this survey for my pr class !
you must be 18 or older and a current student at texas state university
hey now i 'm 25 years old ... sure i do n't remember the first 5 years of my life and the next 10 were spent trying to figure out which pokemon was the best .
but these last 10 years have been real eye opening .
sure 3 of those 10 years i was taking advice from green day ... and yeah the last 4 years i 've spent about half my time either drunk or hungover but i 've seen some headlines in my day that i scrolled past on my friends instagram and i 'm sure that i 've learned more in that time then any of all those other older adults walking around who have easily 5 times the amount of a real world experience then me !
i 'm young with zero work experience and so i do n't make 200k a year .
everything would be great if i did n't have to actually work for my money .
like why ca n't all the worlds leaders just get together and smoke a blunt together ?
why ca n't like bill gates just give me all of his money ?
i would buy a big house and nice cars with it because unlike him i 'm not greedy .
sucks i ca n't have a big house and a bunch of nice cars .
sure half the presidents have been democrats but this is clearly only the republicans fault .
imagine being such a terrible person that you judge other based on things they ca n't control like who they love or what they look like .
going to be a long day though so i 'm going to have my self-driving tesla stop off at starbucks to get some coffee and i 'm going to need my new nike shoes to keep my feet warm .
i 'll share my pictures on reddit when i 'm done !
be sure to like my photos i 'm trying to become an influencer .
if i could get paid to post on instagram i would change the world and bring down capitalism for sure !
oh yeah are you guys going to the vans warped tour this summer ?
sure water is 8 a bottle at those events and it was a 100 ticket and it 's held at a stadium named after a cable company but like ... you know ... capitalism sucks !
... ... new england patriots are the best football team !
just got my jersey in the mail from amazon !
now lets pound these monster energy drinks and take down the establishment !
i wanted to purchase something from a company and they e-mailed me a pdf purchase agreement to fill out and sign .
there is a clause about mutual non-disparagement saying that each party agrees not to make any oral or written public statements disparaging the other party its products services and employees .
did some googling and found that terms like this are illegal and unenforceable per the consumer review fairness act https www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/consumer-review-fairness-act-what-businesses-need-know https www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/consumer-review-fairness-act-what-businesses-need-know .
i pointed this out to them and they responded that that only pertains to 'form contracts ' that ca n't be modified by a consumer such as check box agreements on a website . ''
why would it matter whether the contract is a form contract '' or not ?
even if i sign this contract the non-disparagement clause is un-enforceable anyway so for all practical purposes i can just pretend it 's not there right ?
could this company get in trouble if somebody showed the contract to the federal trade commission ?
and joe biden removing the prosecutor investigating his family member is n't personal interest ?
how was investigating a conspiracy theory and going outside of official state department channels for the better interest of the country ?
trump requested investigation of something biden admitted publically to doing .
destroying fascists like the obama admin and it 's attachments like biden not only benefits the country but the world as a whole
quick disclaimer i love my wife very much but when it comes to this she favors quantity over quality .
her most recent purchase was a 36 roll package of some see through half-ply .
now this is some real john wayne tp it wo n't take shit from anybody .
i went out and got a brand laced with aloe vera and it is top notch highly recommend .
as a loving husband i have volunteered myself to the guest bathroom for my privacy/her protection and am considering keeping all the good good in there for myself .
with that will i be the asshole for leaving her out to dry ?
i did throw some of the good stuff in our master bathroom when i got home just threw this up for debate .
she bought the big pack thinking it would last a while not knowing it was crap pun intended .
i joked with her about it before for those worried about our marriage and communication .
saw a request for winter advice post and remembered back in freshman year when some of my new friends were experiencing a new england winter for the first time .
here 's some survival tips that might help someone out there .
on the topic of snow days ... laurie leshin does n't like to give them out .
historically there have been saturday where it definitely seemed like canceling classes was logical but it did n't happen .
good news is that some professors just cancel their own classes though so not all hope is lost .
wpi cranks the heat bless up but sometimes it 'll be in the 20s outside .
it 's nice to be able to take off a few things and be comfy in all settings .
some must haves '' in my opinion are a winter jacket a light jacket i like to have this one for this time of the year albeit i just switched from that to my winter jacket because of these sub-freezing early mornings thick socks getting your hands on even just one pair will be great for the snow day that should 've existed but did n't boots '' just something with good traction and a tiny bit of ankle support it sucks to be walking in 3 '' snow and have it hop into my sneakers the trick is to keep yourself dry not necessarily warm and a hat and gloves .
and please do n't be an asshole bring a change of shoes to the gym so you do n't traipse water everywhere .
forewarning if you park your car on a street like institute rd it 'll have to find a new home .
after most snowfalls worcester will just go around and tow people and you 'll have to pay to get your car back .
also if you have a car midway through winter when there 's a warm day like above 45 deg it will happen take your car through a car wash. all the salt from the roads will hurt your baby .
just do n't wash your car on a cold day .
finally my last tip is how to walk on ice walk like a penguin with your weight over your feet and where you 're gon na step .
think about the physics it makes sense but somehow even most people i know who are comfortable with the bad weather do it wrong .
if anyone else wants to add anything comment it .
i just want to say from me to you thank you for helping me reach 40 subscribers it 's not a big number i know but for me knowing i can hopefully make people laugh with my videos that 's enough for me !
my last goal of the year is to reach 100 before 2020 so if anyone can help me i 'd very much appreciate that !
thank you a million times over again and i 'll see you again soon !
i have 13 loans on the us department of education website all of which are in default status and another on private loan .
1 of the current loans are in good standing and the other 12 will officially be rehabbed on monday when my 9th payment hits plus of minus 90 days for paperwork .
my question pertains to how these loans are being reported .
my credit report lists 28 loans some of which are from as far back as 2008 and they 're dragging my score down because derogatory marks .
naturally i would like to dispute questionable 14 loans listed on the report .
the issue is on both credit karma and experian apps i do n't know what to label my disputes .
also i am not positive if the loans i am disputing are the right ones some of the loans on the report do n't really have any identifying information .
what is the quickest and most simple way to dispute potential student loan errors on a credit report ?
as the title say probably all the theories about how the series going to end or the origins of the abyss or any sort of theory about anything related to the abyss is wrong .
the author gives no rule of how the inner working of the abyss work expect from the curse and the only limitation is his imagination .
also the artifact system is like the ultimate trump card it can solve anything and have limitless possibilities .
for all we know reg can use summoning jutsu and it 'll still be within the realm of possibility they already use it to summon mitty in that weird ass village .
so to all of you theorycrafters do n't waste your energy on this manga trying to speculate what 's gon na happen it 's futile .
i am looking for an app that lets me count that i have done something so many times a day .
i need to complete a task at least 15 times a day and keep losing track of how many times i 've done it each day .
is there any apps i can keep track with ?
i ate three more sausages than planned yesterday but am now just back to my normal routine !
i did n't purge or binge or even exercise more than planned !
i 'm also planning to eat all of the calories that are in my budget today .
i 'm not fasting to make up for yesterday .
it may not sound like much but i 'm super proud of myself .
it 's the first time in months that this has happened !
there 's just about nothing i can do to stop this feel .
sometimes i am able to find the willpower for a short time but then the urges get so overwhelming that i give in .
i want to go on dates and meet guys where i feel confident in myself but fat is not beautiful to 95 of men .
i 'm starting to feel i 'll never be able to date because of this addiction .
if i do n't remember it wrong in beta teammates were able to spawn behind a tank if it 's not taking fire .
it was a very good mechanic and it worked very well .
for the attackers it made the tank and infantry combine arm/integration so natural .
for the defenders it created a sense of pressure because you knew a group of infantry would be closing up with the tank .
in bf1 all teammates can spawn on a tank .
just recall the tense feeling when you saw a tank approaching in bf 1 .
but dice if you see this please consider adding this cool mechanic back .
been bringing my friends to art of fight for the past few years but just found out that they will be charging for people to join the open mat now .
i fully support them doing this if they believe that this is the best way forward .
i also much prefer not paying for open mats because i feel it goes against what i feel an open mat should be about .
so my question is does anyone know of a place in lisbon that will be open during the week of europeans with free open mats ?
i 've eaten a bon courtier while secluded during an epidemic .
it appears the achievement is bugged unless there are additional requirements .
greetings everyone and sorry if you 've already seen this in the r/rpg thread .
i just released extinction a stand alone rpg of sci-fi survival horror https www.drivethrurpg.com/product/294116/extinction made with the black hack inspired by movies like alien outland and event horizon .
it comes with an introductory adventure breathing day so you can grab the book and run a game on the same day .
it 's 5 on drivethru for 78 pages of sci-fi horror .
the preview should give you a good idea of the book but if you have any questions please ask !
annoyingly the twitter api does n't supply any actual information about deleted tweets other then it 's id so for now the best i can do is give you a notification that some tweet has been deleted .
firstly remove completely long catch and quick catch from the game !
these benefits are completely automated require no player involvement and make the community rage with pay to win complaints and its hard to disagree .
strings are great but they should complement the players existing skill not automate a bad player and make them a god .
crit shot keep but further increase proc as mine never seem to go off !
increase stats but not agi the way it is at the moment
funky effects people love effects and skins fortnite seems to be doing ok 😊 .
consider only showing on the players screen tho not opponent or ability to turn off for opponent
6 trick shots have to be careful not to be op .
but hits between legs or something might be very cool
thats it for now please try not to use this as rage thread and offer ideas .
hey guys i wan na look for players who i can trade with do raids or just have fun together ! !
i will be getting a copy of pokemon sword btw !
i am a part of a uk based formula student team who have a surplus of unrequired 13 '' rims we are looking to move to 10 '' this year and are wondering if any teams have any old or unwanted rims to swap for 13 '' rims .
game offers nothing specific just show me your list i will see if anything i want to play .
please note that i know some of my games are n't worth a lot and i am willing to combine some of them for a higher rarity game .
i 've got reddit mobile and got 73 notifications from a meme i posted i used the 'dismiss all ' button in my inbox and when i exit the app i still have the bubble that reads '73 ' over the icon for the reddit app .
well it 's time to say goodbye to ben .
for those of you who do n't know ben shapiro wrote what only the most generous of souls would call a novel .
true allegiance made famous by the chapo trap house reading series however they never finished this glorious train wreck so that task fell to us .
we 've been slowly and very drunkenly making our way through it and we love for you to join us for this final chapter .
i 've been eyeing a 30l topo designs travel bag and they 're on sale now .
sale runs through 11/12 and appears to be pretty extensive .
just wanted to share in case others were in the same boat as me .
wife vashikaran aghori tantrik mantra in kochi 91 7626818944 love problem solution tantrik baba ji
wife vashikaran aghori tantrik mantra in kochi 91 7626818944 love problem solution tantrik baba ji
wife vashikaran aghori tantrik mantra in kochi 91 7626818944 love problem solution tantrik baba ji
wife vashikaran aghori tantrik mantra in kochi 91 7626818944 love problem solution tantrik baba ji
wife vashikaran aghori tantrik mantra in kochi 91 7626818944 love problem solution tantrik baba ji
this is the first time in years that i have a streak this long .
to be honest i do n't really look at the counter too much as i just want to focus on one day at a time .
i did see that there are others who have hit the 100-day milestone today but hey my 100 days deserves its own post right ?
so firstly i tried very often to stop mastrubating .
record is probably 2 weeks this month i thought hey nnn is starting let 's use the effect of mainstream and the fact that 's a meme that 's kinda my philosophy .
so yesterday and today i had horrible urges the morning was ok but later in the afternoon it pushed really hard .
day 6 7 8 are probably the hardest for me .
today i watched longer and realised i had some precum .
i read a little about precum here that it does n't count as a realps and only a orgasm does this .
i also do n't feel these feelings after a fap i usually have complete loss of energy and feeling really dirty and disgusting but this kind of relief i feel quiet normal .
i 'm still scared does this count as a relaps do i lose the powers '' of confidence and higher testosterone etc .
i got after stopping flapping do i have to start again and go again through the pain ?
i really hope this dosnt count and could need a cheer up cuz this throws me out of my concept and when i relapse i usually fall compleatly off the line and stay in this bad state for months .
i feel ashamed and a little dirty but not like dirty in the sence of mastrubateijg i guess ... help
reddit did not allow me to post the link see first comment
i first saw this on pornhub never thought of it before .
the man had his legs wrapped around the woman and she was kind of pushing him in by the hips and moving her own hips to generate the motion if this makes sense .
my wife picked me up in this position today and i mentioned that we should try having sex this way .
she 's a bigger woman and i 'm a smaller guy and she knows i like her to be a bit dominant in lovemaking but i do n't know if this is a bridge too far or if maybe this is only something that is practical in a porno and not in reality .
so my question is is there any reason this would n't be possible in real life and if it is should i drop it since she laughed it off ?
having a hard time finding a var to demo aruba 83xx switches .
reached out to cdw shi and even some local ones .
even the aruba reps that joined these calls say they ca n't .
do you have anyone you work with that you recommend that can send demo gear for 15-30 days ?
hey i am looking for a good pc build .
i already have one with i5-9400f and gtx 1660-ti for 800 euros .
i 'm trying to make a mod that changes some sound effects but i 'm having trouble getting it to work .
i 've searched and ca n't find any guides on how to do this so i figured i 'd post what i 've done so far .
created a new mod by copying the example mod folder changed the path of audio\_events within init.lua to be that of the mod 's changed the contents of the .xml file deleted the contents of the files folder also tried keeping the use this '' file deleted the data folder entirely .
extracted the contents of the game 's audio files using a .bank file extractor https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=owvnzepb2iu https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=owvnzepb2iu and used this to discover what i need to rename my files to in order to replace the game 's .
saw that worm\_attack\_01 is what is replaced in example and is also what is loaded by default within the fmod studio project provided .
within fmod studio could be where things get wonky .
i deleted worm\_attack\_01 and instead put in my test sound effect which i 'd renamed to player\_damage\_01 also tried spell\_shoot\_ver1\_1 .
i then used build to create the .bank files .
i placed those .bank files master bank master bank.strings and my\_mod\_audio.bank in the files folder .
i also exported the guids as a text file and renamed that to audio\_events .
when i load the mod in game and i try restarting with it enabled each time i try to get hit switched to trying to shoot to make this easier to figure out and it does n't work .
is it something to do with the file name i 'm trying to replace ?
do i need to have the audio files in the exact correct format ?
willing to provide more info but wanted to keep this generic in case it could be of use to others .
i 'm going to continue trying to get it to work but would appreciate any assistance anyone is willing to offer !
so due to how hectic things have been recently i have n't been able to roleplay for the past few weeks .
while it is still a busy time meaning that i may not always be able to offer the most speedy of replies i have been itching to work on a good story again .
here are some of the fandoms i am interested in working with if it has a star i really want to do it although i would enjoy any of them
if fandom is not your cup of tea i 'm willing to play around with most things involving romance horror psychology and things of that nature .
i do like the concept of working on something like a modern hunchback of notredame a play off of horror movies such as starry eyes or even something diving into mental disorders such as schizophrenia but i 'm open to discussion .
for some of the above mentioned i will play an oc others a canon character that being said if you do n't want to ship with the character i chose i am always perfectly fine with doubling up .
also i am above 18 so being at least 18 is a must .
i like multiparagraph or at least well thought out responses and i expect decent grammar/spelling .
mistakes obviously happen there are probably typos even in this post but i do n't want to have to translate messages .
just so you know i am far more of a character based writer than a plot based so the more fleshed out your character is the better .
as for ships i prefer f me x f or f me x m but i also like m x m. i do n't often do m me x f unless it is doubled up .
if any of this interests you just shoot me a message .
i recently had pkc working perfectly on my firestick but a corrupt auto update and no backup resulted in me having to start from scratch again .
i 've set pkc up and linked it to my plex account .
i 've manually entered my pms credentials in the connection settings as it was unable to find the server on my network .
pkc has then asked me to select the libraries i want to sync movies and tv shows .
the first movie first tv show and first episode it finds tells me it can not locate the file and to verify my pkc settings .
it asks me if i want to stop the sync .
if i say no all the media gets synced and the movies and tv shows appear on kodi along with all the artwork .
the second issue i have is that if i select any media from the two libraries it tells me the file is no longer avaialble .
i find it odd that it can do all the syncing and even show me the files in kodi but it just ca n't play them .
for the record i have plex on the fire stick too and it plays files fine .
however i want to use kodi for the additional skins and addons like trakt .
i 'm running version 2.10.2 on a 4k firestick within kodi 18.4 .
alright so my girlfriends laptop is dying and she was wondering about my old macbook that i mentioned i have black 2008 .
used to use it a lot but eventually factory reset it and tried to sell it but to no success .
last i remember using it it was a slow groggy mess .
worst part was many apps were unsupported due to how old the accepted version of macos was on that machine .
do you guys have any recommendations on what i should do here ?
use third party apps to stitch it up and make things work ?
i get all the advantages skeletons have however the 2 piece armor limit seems cripplingly bad for late game .
would a martial arts or pole arm skeleton be terrible or incredible in the end game ?
i choose polearm because i read it has amazing attack speed with little strength requirement .
i just got called in for an interview for a full time teaching position .
it 'll be my second one this year and a direct result of networking/relationships i 've made with teachers and admin while subbing .
she told me to quit subbing and get a real '' job
did anyone else feel like music was how their n communicated to them ?
my narc immediately saw how important music was to me and that made it so easy for him to manipulate me .
he made me a huge playlist of songs about what i thought were his feelings but then he would passive aggressively sing lyrics to make me feel like i was n't doing enough for him .
or lyrics that said i was out of my mind
i always felt like he could see what i was doing on my phone .
somehow he got my spotify to change what it was playing when i went to see him and when i joked that my spotify was broken he said maybe it 's a sign for you to start changing what you listen to hmm ? ''
i just thought it was cute that he cared enough about my music taste that he purposely interrupted the music i liked .
he would bring up really obscure bands that i liked out of nowhere and make me feel so special about it .
he 's inserted himself into all my passions and it 's so so insidious
sorry 😩😭 your post 📝has 👏👌 reached 🕶🕶 69😉💦 upvotes ❗ therefore i can not ❌🙅 legally 🚫😭 upvote ⬆⬆ since it 💯 is disrespectful😭 .
i can not 🙅 upvote ⬆ because this post 📝😉 will no 🚫 longer be nice 😭as it has exceeded 😱 69 😂💦upvotes.❗ please 🤗🚃 refrain from downvoting ⬇😱 this comment 🔰👏 since 💦 i am only 💯 doing 😛 my part to keep this post and ➕ the rest of 😂 reddit nice .
💦🍆 thank 😄 you for understanding 😉and hopefully you also try 💪💪 to keep reddit 👽👌 nice 😊😇 by 👏 doing the 🙏👉 same as 😐🍑 i ☝ can not 😡🚫 do 👌 this alone .
sorry 😩😭 your post 📝has 👏👌 reached 🕶🕶 420 😉💦 upvotes ❗ therefore i can not ❌🙅 legally 🚫😭upvote ⬆⬆ since it 💯 is disrespectful😭 .
i can not 🙅 upvote ⬆ because this post 📝😉 will no 🚫 longer be nice 😭as it has exceeded 😱 420 😂💦upvotes.❗ please 🤗🚃 refrain from downvoting ⬇😱 this comment 🔰👏 since 💦 i am only 💯 doing 😛 my part to keep this post and ➕ the rest of 😂 reddit nice .
💦🍆 thank 😄 you for understanding 😉and hopefully you also try 💪💪 to keep reddit 👽👌 nice 😊😇 by 👏 doing the 🙏👉 same as 😐🍑 i ☝ can not 😡🚫 do 👌 this alone .
like for real i do n't know who this dude is can someone please tell me
it only took about 5 phone calls but once i finally got an american rep on the line around 6 pm eastern he noted that we were a top-rated power-seller account .
he took one look at our feedback history all glowing reviews and said about the negative that 's clearly wrong . ''
he got two messages into my back and forth with the customer and said it 's clear that you tried to help a lot more than other sellers would . ''
he finished reading the messages and said i 've never seen a seller do as much as you have to handle a customer complaint . ''
he made a subtle dig at the unscrupulous side of the seller base another at buyers who do n't read descriptions and praised our customer service skills .
then he told us that since a supervisor had previously denied the request he would n't be able to override that decision but after a very brief discussion with his own team he came back on the line with the good news .
i was able to process the removal of the negative feedback . ''
he said it could take up to 48 hours but when we refreshed the screen a few hours later it was already gone .
i 've recently moved to the area and am looking for soup dumplings .
there seem to be a lot of places that i can get dim sum and standard dumplings but i have n't found any soup dumplings yet .
with the wide variety of restaurants i 'm sure somewhere must sell them .
hi everyone i have to do a school project and i was wondering if anyone might be nice enough to honestly answer this poll .
winter is coming and so this great festival ! let me know if you need 3day tickets ga/vip also with complementary shuttle .
hello everyone im starting a purified water company and we produce water with high concentrations of magnesium and i would love to show my clients a piece of rock with high concentration of magnesium as an example of how water in a natural enviroment gets its minerals do you guys know how can i get one ?
xanterra travel collection or xanterra parks and resorts is the largest contractor for the national park service most notably operating in yellowstone national park and grand canyon national park .
they are a subsidiary of anschutz entertainment group owned by peter anschutz who is known to make large donations to anti-lgbt organizations despite a large number of his employees being lgbt due to the nature of work .
i have personally worked for xanterra in multiple capacities in both ynp and gcnp including front desk and retail .
i have faced discrimination as a mentally ill person and as a member of the lgbt community .
this subreddit is meant to connect people who have worked for xanterra and have had a negative experience with the company .
3 in one sector another three in one sector and one alone but with a star fortress
its all cool until the factions started doing those expeditions '' to my sectors especially pirates
at first i bribed every faction until i got bored and went hostile ... and in turn the other factions also grew hostile because as you know i rejected their fucking expeditions ''
now every faction hates me which also sucks because my access is very low
and i have to stay near my sectors i cant explore or do missions without losing 3 10 stability points now
other than powerful raids there are also pirates which are fucking rats .
they build their nest inside your sector and no matter how weak they are they will keep stacking and keep raiding until you have to personally go there .
and even if tou destroy their bases they will come back like rats..
so what can i do other than restoring my reputation because that 'll take a long time and it will require leaving my sectors
i just received my first order of cigars from cigarworld.de https cigarworld.de
do i need to freeze them before putting in the humidor or not ?
i was in a cigar shop yesterday buying boveda packs and the saleswoman said to freeze them before putting in the humidor .
so i 've always liked jesus christ superstar most of the songs are great the story is good and the music is incredible the music at this point is incredible listening to old versions of jcs over the decades shows that it has been improved on a lot iteratively .
i had never heard of godpsell which came out around the same time .
i listened to it on apple music yesterday and it sounded really terrible .
there is n't a single song that is listenable except day by day which lyrically and melodically is pretty inspired .
and a lot of the lyrics do n't even make sense in the other songs though .
even the worst versions of jesus christ superstar i can listen to but i ca n't find a version of godspell on apple music that i like .
i was never taught really how to shave correctly and i 've been just literally putting a lot of the barbesol shaving cream on my face and i just shave downwards .
i use a lot of cream and i always get cut .
i 'm thinking of buying the proraso pre-shaving cream proraso shaving cream and proraso after shave lotion .
im also thinking of buying a brush and bowl .
or a mug as it 's called i guess ... is it even worth it ?
update i have read all of your wonderful comments and i 've decided to go with pacific shaving company daily shave regimen set bamboo pre-shave scrub 3 oz 1 unit natural shaving cream 3.4 oz 1 unit caffeinated aftershave 3.4 oz 1 unit https www.amazon.com/dp/b0751v5jzd/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_6yezdb617c8tg
i will take a shower and then put the preshave scrub on and then the shaving cream and shave multiple directions .
i want to have a field in the work order that states which purchase order is used .
not necessarily linking them with a hyper link i just need the number .
or how even i can link them in a saved search ?
i 'm not the type to have a casual relationship with someone .
but now when things seem to go in one very specific direction with this guy i found myself thinking about it more and more .
i was so advocate against it in the past i do n't have a problem with other people doing it but it 's not my cup of tea and according to my christian beliefs i should n't do it but for once i want to be able to let go of my mind for a second and just to whatever i want to do .
i know it 's simpler than what i make it to be .
like a lot of people i have suffered with a permanent mouse cursor on the screen in rdr2 whilst playing in dx12 i can fix it in vulkan but the game runs better in dx12 .
i was wondering since yesterdays patch has this changed for anyone ?
so i showed my girlfriend pacybits 20 few weeks ago and as the time flew i saw that she is pretty lucky in pack openings .
she was opening actually the best cards that were out .
she is not grinding the collections as much as me but in the openings she was kinda lucky .
yesterday when i was going home and waiting for her there was totw relased .
i saw that beautiful 95 messi and as soon as i saw him i was like i bet she is gon na get him very soon '' .
not many minutes later i got message where she told me that i am gon na be pissed when she tells me what happened when we meet .
few minutes later we met and she was like did you see new cards ?
i responded you got that 95 messi did n't ya ? ''
at present there is great confusion when it comes to defining the boundaries between liposuction and liposculpture .
finding a suitable answer on the internet can lead to contradictory conclusions .
even the opinion of the experts can increase the confusion if the question is not defined very well or the answer is separated from the context in which it occurs .
dry liposuction consists in dissolving excess and accumulated fat in any part of the body abdomen holsters arms back face waist etc .
and then extract it through a cannula for a suction effect .
any technique that meets this double condition of dissolving fat and removing it from the body through a suction effect should be taken as liposuction .
nowadays for example the laser is already used to remove fat from areas of little extension .
the heat of the light emitted by the apparatus dissolves the fat and it is extracted through a much thinner cannula than in traditional liposuction or even by means of a syringe .
but it is still a liposuction and in fact it has allowed this technique to be applied in areas of the body where before it could not be because there was almost no space to use the instruments that were available .
now let 's see what the term liposculpture hides .
its definition carries a very concrete concept such as modeling the body hence the word contains the term sculpture .
but this should not lead to think that it is about eliminating fat where it is left over .
it may be so in some cases but in others it is only part of the procedure since you can also use that excess fat to put it in other places of the body in order to give it a more attractive shape .
another important thing liposculpture uses liposuction https estheticland.com/cosmetic-surgery/liposuction-turkey to meet its goals of shaping the body .
a final consideration comes from the hand of the development currently achieved by laser technology from the accumulated experience and that has allowed dissolving bags of fat not too large without eliminating it to have to resort to its suction since it is the the organism itself that reabsorbs it .
it is what dermatologists call laserlipolysis and that is used more and more frequently for the elimination for example of the so insulted cellulite .
i failed to get in through eae so i 'm trying to get in via jae .
it 's intake is 45 and about 75 is already taken up by eae applicants as far as i know .
i have a job interview next week and i 've been ask to prepare a mini-lecture .
they have asked me to present in a learning and teaching format how you would introduce and illustrate a key concept indicate the course and level for which this is intended eg level 2 undergraduate or postgraduate elective .
i 've received contradictory advice on whether i should try to involve the panel .
some say to definitely interact with them whereas others have said that this is a risky strategy in case they do n't participate .
i 've been told to hedge my bets on this by saying something like 'imagining you were a group of my students i would ask you to raise your hands if you have ever done x y z . '
i 'm in the social sciences and this is a russell group institution .
i have to get a phone for work so have a budget of £30 per month .
if i have to pay anything upfront it would be very little .. possibly £25 .
camera i would like the best possible and if it has a decent slow-mo video mode that 's a brilliant bonus .
carrier ideally o2 but not really bothered deals outweigh carrier
some bonuses the more storage space the better a nice screen water resistant/proof
it has a program of points of interest to its title since its days as the advancing innovation that makes it flawlessly easy to perform daily obligations with least exertion .
it urges purchasers to settle on instructed choices relying upon the educating of machines and prescient investigation from the data that is extricated from huge information .
expanding human intelligence through the insight of the neural system has been in the mainstream for quite a while and has been applied over various businesses for example online business banking and banking instruction and a lot more and ai company https www.rajasri.com/rpa-artificial-intelligence-solutions is productively structuring choices to robotize and tedious ordinary exercises .
it has helped organizations spare time and exertion to accomplish prompt and effective results .
if you are looking for the best artificial intelligence development company https www.rajasri.com/rpa-artificial-intelligence-solutions for your business then rajasri systems is a leading ai development company https www.rajasri.com/rpa-artificial-intelligence-solutions with expertise in artificial intelligence consulting machine learning chatbot development and nlp services .
we offer cutting-edge ai development services solutions and applications with quality and reliable .
our ai development services https www.rajasri.com/rpa-artificial-intelligence-solutions provide design and strategy services for enterprise businesses .
we are building ai applications with a global team of best artificial development company .
artificial intelligence ai is the advance and inspirational source of an interaction of the human with machines and devices .
consistently working with an intent to make amazing and canny arrangements that are incorporated with the top of the line artificialintelligence .
for more details ai development company in india https www.rajasri.com/rpa-artificial-intelligence-solutions
hts india offers the best hr generlist center in delhi and noida with 100 job assistance .
you will find the opportunity to learn from expert trainer .
free demo hurry up ! call us at 9311002620 and for more info please visit https www.htsindia.com/courses/hr-generalist/hr-generalist-training-cours https www.htsindia.com/courses/hr-generalist/hr-generalist-training-cours
hr generalist center in delhi https preview.redd.it/poubgduk5my31.jpg ? width=518 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=04a731fb274263866300da10edc400360cc130eb
is there a way to set live wallpaper on ios 13 for ipad pro
sometimes when i 'm meditating i feel something clicking or releasing in my ears .
i do n't know what it could be any ideas ?
i know a lot of people using maya with ue4 .
what 's your texel density for assets like walls or bigger objects like 3 meters height .
my uv shells are huge and out of 0-1uv space when i set texel density to 10.24 for 2k texture map .
maybe conspiracy theorists would fare better if they applied a little critical thinking
uh conspiracy theorists are critical thinkers on average seeing as they look at the details of the official narrative and investigate .
if that 's not critical thinking and running with mainstream narrative is you 're fucking retarded .
so because you believe in one conspiracy you 're automatically believing in any dumb fucking idea '' ?
who will take the very provable notion that elite cabals wield huge amounts of power which they use for some shady shit then turn around and vote for donald fucking trump and push the fucking koch brothers philosophies .
i love how you rage type and add fucking to emphasize things like a prissy little bitch .
quit projecting your fantasy none of it is true .
pizzagate was created to make you guys look like fucking idiots and it worked .
pizzagate came out of wiki leaks emails and was cross referenced with the fbi pedophile code words which use pizza and other phrases keywords for pedophiles which is n't debated .
the same as when you guys latched on to the reptilian nonsense .
so everyone is the same and has no individual thought that looks into anything that goes against mainstream school of thought ?
because that 's what your dumb ass is saying .
basically if you do n't trust what the mainstream garbage that is being shoved down your throat and question it you believe in lizard people .
you 're a dumb ass if you think that .
and every other fucking idiot conspiracy they concoct to keep you idiots brainwashed .
projecting and adding swear words to emphasize your raging is all you got you 're the one who believed russiagate hoax😂
is there a chart anywhere for the best solfege for each interval ?
for example if you wanted to sing a p4 ascending it 's usually easier to sing sol do than do fa or if you want to sing a tritone you ti fa or vice versa .
are there any resources out there on what the best choices are for every interval ?
my professor says we should each make a chart to study but i 'm kinda stuck after the easy ones .
i know i 'm very late to the show but i finally got around to watching it and have enjoyed it very much over the last few months .
although i got through seasons 3-8 quite quick in probably less than a month
do n't even know where to begin the show probably took me some time to get into .
when i first started season 1 i did n't really care for it too much .
it seemed kind of dumb in the beginning and i did n't see how it could sustain multiple seasons .
but i was soon proven wrong and started getting more into it .
i 'd say i probably did n't start really loving the show until season 2 though .
awesome season but the bay harbor butcher storyline really felt like it was done too soon and might have been better suited later on in the show perhaps in the 2nd last season .
when i saw that scene near the end of season 2 when they bring dexter in and show him the slides i was like damn he 's found out already .
how in the world will he get out of this ? ''
i also felt like doakes perhaps caught onto dexter too soon and should have been around longer .
i really thought he 'd be around for a long time or perhaps the whole show .
that might have to do with the surprise motherfucker ! ''
that was like the only bit of dexter i had seen previously lol .
such an iconic line i guess i expected him to use it many times throughout the show .
i even had a theory that doakes was somehow alive and would make a return later in the show lol .
season 3 was really good but i felt like all the problems were wrapped up way too easily for dexter at the end .
season 4 was amazing and is either my favourite or 2nd favourite season i have n't fully decided yet .
it probably felt like the most complete and best planned out season though .
john lithgow was absolutely incredible and definitely the best of the villains in the show .
the hello dexter morgan '' scene has got ta be one of the best cliffhangers in tv history .
i was going absolutely nuts after i saw that lol .
i was grinning like an idiot in amazement at what i just saw lol .
then if that was n't enough we had the finale which might be one of the shocking season endings in tv history .
one issue i had with season 4 though was when dexter accidentally kills an innocent person the douchebag photographer guy .
he finds out that it was actually the dude 's assistant who was the killer and that the photographer was actually innocent .
was it ever addressed or did i miss something ?
season 5 is the one i have tied with season 4 .
along with season 4 i feel these 2 seasons had the best feel and atmosphere out of all the seasons .
i thought the aftermath of rita 's murder was done very well and i really loved lumen .
i thought she was a great fit for dexter and a great replacement for rita not just as a character but as good eye candy too .
and i do n't know why but something about her storyline just really resonated with me .
i definitely found her and dexter 's partnership one of the most interesting of the show .
i found most of this season great but the finale was pretty disappointing and weakens what otherwise would have been my favourite season .
jordan chase was defeated far too easily and having lumen leave the show was imo a huge mistake .
dexter did so much for her and they clearly had a connection but then she 's suddenly like kthxbye .
getting rid of astor and cody felt too convenient as well just sending them off to orlando .
it really felt like they just wanted an excuse to give dexter more freedom by not having him have to take care of a family .
season 6 is when i started getting sick of the show and a bit bored .
it was getting repetetive and the storyline and the villain in this season was definitely the most cliche and hollywood '' .
i 'll admit the twist of the travis and the professor guy really being the same person got me and was it was cool but it made no sense .
if he has multiple personality disorder and travis was basically the good '' part of himself and he finally realises that it 's all just him why is he suddenly 100 bad for the remainder of the season lol ?
the season had it 's moments though and eventually i accepted lumen was gone and it was entertaining enough i guess but as a whole the season was pretty lame .
2nd worst season of the show i 'd say .
the ending of the season where deb witnesses dexter 's kill was very well done though and a great way to end the season .
deb finding out about dexter brought some much needed juice back into the show .
hannah was a pretty interesting i guess but she kind of felt like a new lumen .
i do n't see how they could n't have just given this storyline to lumen if they had kept her in the show instead of starting all over again with a new love interest .
it makes too much sense to have 4 seasons with lumen .
this season kind of felt like 2 seasons in one though with maybe 3/4 of it being about the ukranian mafia dudes and isaak sirko another really cool character and the last few episodes about laguerta going after dexter .
i 'm a bit mixed on my feelings about the final ?
although it was greatly acted and very intense it just felt a bit too convenient and forced .
would laguerta seriously go to the shipping container on her own without backup ?
and when deb arrives the scene was played out as if time was running out and deb had to make a decision within seconds on who to shoot ... but why did she have to shoot anyone at all ?
dexter had dropped his knife and no one else knew where they were ...
why not try harder to convince dexter to spare laguerta ?
and if she could n't why did she have to kill her herself ?
could n't she just walk out and let dexter finish her off himself ?
definitely a cool season finale though and a nice setup for the final season .
season 8 i thought went off to a good start but it started to lose it 's way in the 2nd half or so .
too many storylines led to nothing like dexter 's protege masuka 's daughter and quinn 's seargeant 's exam .
and the other detective who won the sergeant role over quinn miller ?
who seemingly disappeared and was n't even in the show after that lol .
evelyn vogel was a very interesting character but her death seemed pretty pointless .
i expected her to be of much more importance in the end .
and the villain her son was introduced way too late in the show .
he was supposed to be dexter 's final nemesis and he was only in a handful of episodes .
other villains had gotten a full season to be developed .
another thing i did n't get was how the brain surgeon '' suddenly made a reappearance later in the season when i thought they already dealt with him in the first half ?
i do n't know if i was just interpreting it wrong but when we found out that that the surgeon was still out there a scene followed with vogel staring at a piece of the brain in a jar and the episode ends which i assumed was the show revealing that vogel had been the brain surgeon all along or at least in cahoots with him .
but then the next episode it 's not the case at all .
was that simply a fakeout cliffhanger made to fool us for a week or did i simply misinterpret it ?
i had heard the ending was bad but i went in with an open mind as i usually do with tv and movies since i know the internet can be stupid sometimes and people choose to bandwagon hate on shows for no reason saying that certain shows had bad endings when it 's not true at all etc .
but good god when i saw that it was true i did n't expect it to be this bad .
what the actual fuck kind of bs ending was that ?
so that us marshall guy just walks up to the killer and unties him ... wtf ?
so then deb gets shot but has a successful surgery and next minute they say she 's gon na be a vegetable then she dies ?
after all the shit she had been through in the show and after being helped by vogel and finally coming to terms a bit better about what she 's done she really deserved to have a nice ending with quinn .
dexter unplugging her without even giving her a chance to recover ?
but what came after this is when i really started getting pissed off .
when he takes her body on her boat and out to sea i was like wtf are you doing ?
dexter dumps her body in the ocean like one of his victims ?
he would want her to have a proper funeral with her loved ones .
it just felt like they were trying to be artistic or something .
just think of how devastated quinn would be too after finding out deb 's body just randomly disappeared .
after he dumped deb in the ocean i was thinking dexter would jump in after her and kill himself .
tbh that probably would have been better than the stupid lumberjack bs that came after ...
so he becomes a lumberjack and lives in isolation to protect '' his family from himself ?
was n't it was implied he no longer had the need to kill any more ?
but even if he did have to kill ... he spent 8 seasons slowly becoming more human and works on trying to have a normal life so why the hell would he just give up in the end ?
if anything doing this dishonors her because that would mean she basically had to ruin her own life in order to save his and harrison 's for no reason .
all of their lives were wasted for no reason .
it 's like dexter said at the end of season 2 after doakes died .
he 'd live on with the people he loves to honor doakes ...
but he does the exact opposite in the end .
when he was in his stupid little lumberjack cabin at the end and the screen cut to credits i was pissed lol .
it really felt like they went out of their way to make a shit ending on purpose .
or being the finale they felt like they had to do something weird and shocking just cos .
it would have been a better ending to just have everything go perfectly to plan and have him escape to argentina with hannah and harrison ...
it 'd be predictable but i 'd much rather have predictable good than surprising shit like this .
overall it was a great show and i 'm glad i finally watched it .
it 's just such a shame about the ending .
have the writers ever come out and explained why they ended it they way they did ?
maybe it was n't deb who had a stroke it was the writers .
2nd worst tv series ending after game of thrones .
anyways ... . that should do it for now lol .
it 's just i 've been avoiding looking up the show for months in order to avoid spoilers so now that i can finally talk about it i just had too much i wanted to say lol
so if you 're still here thanks for reading all this .
p i look forward to talk about the show with you guys
kiki a été conçu pour permettre aux éditeurs qui créent du contenu de haute qualité d'être payés .
write about your travels culture food interest family friends stories classes news excitements art and etc .
essentially ... what thw title says swsh actually achieved properly an easy access to competitive .
mints and candies are a great solution and they will be really good for people to start and play competituve but also for experienced players to be able to quickly adapt to different metas and not have to either restart the game to have a different nature legendary or to use cheats and generators .
big nope gigantamax are extremely rare mons can not achieve it by trainijg but have to be born with it ... now i think gigantamax will be important in competitive surely for some .
maybe there will be event pokemin but for now until they are out ... luck or stress .
i got a new checking account over the weekend and now i need new set of awesome checks !
i found the following set but was wondering if there is anything cooler out there ?
does anyone know of any live streams happening after gameplay embargo lifts this morning ?
police officers had earlier said protesters could leave the campus via an exit but that exit was actually sealed off by the riot police and everyone attempted to leave were arrested at once including the first-aider volunteer doctors and some news reporters https reddit.com//r/worldnews/comments/dy1mob
fifty years ago two men took off their shoes and socks rolled up their pants and then placed their feet side-by-side in the water of a shallow wading pool on a hot summer day .
the splash that this iconic television scene made in conversations around race relations at the time is undeniable .
ahead of this week 's premiere of the 'a beautiful day in the neighborhood ' movie biography with an excellent deep dive revisiting one of the many simple but meaningful '' acts that has come to define the legacy of mister rogers https www.biography.com/news/mister-rogers-officer-clemmons-pool https www.biography.com/news/mister-rogers-officer-clemmons-pool
blizzard have previously said they would consider paid character transfers as such a system existed back in vanilla .
i just wonder now the realities of phase 2 are manifesting those who are uncomfortable with the realities of phase 2 would you consider a paid transfer from a pvp realm to a pve realm of your choice do you plan to roll something else or do you think the situation will calm down ?
just like the title says has anyone ever used jobot job searching ?
i tried them out and they put my application through to some pretty sketch companies like 1910 genetics and 3t biosciences for software positions ?
my puppy is 5.5 months old and today i took him into my office for his first full day of work life he 's been for half days .
after getting home he was instantly napping on the couch and seemed as tired as he 's been after a full day of dog daycare .
only thing i 'm concerned with is that he only ate a third or so of his normal serving of dinner .
scarfed down his lunch and has always been enthusiastic about food .
or should i be concerned he ate something at the office ?
suuuuper quick question but i was wondering if anyone here could help me out does the intro part in dead-bird f af af af aec etc .
just wondering if it changes key/notes at some point .
oh yeah for any curious peeps i 'm doing a project in garageband kind of a merging '' of a couple of my favorite songs and to do it i basically need to build up these songs from the bottom up and also you might see me on a few other band subs in the next few days/couple of weeks with similar questions .
if you 're interested and willing to moderate and grow this community please go to r/redditrequest where you can submit a request to take over the community .
be sure to read through the faq https www.reddit.com/r/redditrequest/wiki/faq for r/redditrequest before submitting .
this is the 8040th time i made this shitty comment .
just a reminder that you can wait until end of feb usually to renew premier membership which is more than enough time for jagex to make good on most promises .
if you wan na give the benefit of the doubt to mod warden and jagex then buy bronze and you will always have the option to upgrade to gold or silver if things are going smoothly .
normally the board goes for 160 dollar with tax around 180 .
looking for 61-70 lubed or lubed linear switches preferably novelkeys creams or gateron inks to finish up my first build .
as you well know we currently operate the ch-53g ch-53gs ch-53ge and ch-53ga sea stallion super-heavy lift helicopters .
in 2018 sikorsky entered into a tender competition to replace our ch-53g with the ch-53k king stallion against boeing 's ch-47f chinook .
we are pleased to announce after delays that the ch-53k has been chosen to replace every ch-53g which totals 40 helicopters .
i ca n't be the only one who thought of this of course i 'm talking about the mobile port remaster the cheats that can be bought with real money they should add a new cheat that dosent let the music box go down something like this
please😳 rise 😎 for the 🤨 national 🏁 anthem 🎶 of boomers 🤪
it was a mod that replaced radio freedom it had mama he treats your daughter mean '' on it and other songs as well that i ca n't remember helpful i know
it 's not let freedom swing or rhythm and blues radio but i really want to find it !
if anyone knows what mod that sounds like then please say !
just curious if this has happend to anyone else .
i did my daily spin today and landed on the hardwood classics .
this was my first time i 'm still pretty new so i did n't know what to expect .
but i did n't get a notification that i had a new item .
i checked my my clothing swags the nba store ... everything .
everyone said it should be in my inventory but it 's not in there .
i literally have 2 shirts so i 'm definitely not missing it .
is it just a glitch and might pop up later or am i sol ?
i 'm not complaining or wanting it i 'm just curious and maybe someone among us would know .
i tried the 1.1 ramen recently so far i 've had the vegan miso and garlic pork and it is a significant upgrade in terms of flavor .
however the preparation instructions have also changed and i 'm a bit confused as to whether there 's something i 'm missing .
the old instructions were fairly simple boil the noodles in 2.5 cups of water then add the flavoring noodtrients vegetables and oil .
the new instructions say to boil in 1.5 cups of water barely enough even in a small saucepan then drain and add 1 cup of hot water .
the problem is this is very little water compared to the rehydrated amount of noodles .
it seems like it 's maybe 80 noodles and 20 liquid .
the amount of water is small enough that it 's hard to rehydrate the vegetables and dissolve all the flavoring powder .
i 've been resorting to using 1.5 cups which is still barely enough .
also the instructions specifically mention adding a noodtrient packet which is odd because there is no noodtrient packet in my bags according to the patch notes they 've mixed the noodtrients with the flavoring powder .
i 'm assuming they just did n't update the instructions after they made this change but that makes me wonder if the amounts are wrong too ...
what does the woman say at the beginning of the hopeless opus song of imagine dragons ?
it sounds like jason or cage man but i do n't know
if your answer is no what can i do to improve ?
previously had codes for a bad tcm and 3 faults with solenoids a b and e .
i have since repaired the tcm and replaced the entire valve body with solenoids and new filter .
car ran fine for the 25 minutes or so on the test drive after cycling the shifter 20 times and fluid was in the zone .
next day today i go to take it to work and the at ce lights come on .
it performs fine while driving have n't noticed any slipping or hard shifts while driving loss of power etc idles around 750-1k .
it does however slam hard into reverse when going from park .
this did not occur when i cycled it yesterday 20 times .
a side from the new solenoid shitting itself less than 24hours into action ?
planet earth is tired of seeing all the everyday colors .
everyone wants to experience a new color that has never been seen before not the ordinary visuals .
but in order for them to do so they 'll need to contact someone who can develop this new color .
characters will need certain abilities to generate this new color .
if they have to mix other colors together using special magic that normal humans ca n't do to blend them together they may do so .
if characters have to change properties of colors that will also be allowed .
whatever it takes for a character to create a brand new color they may use to their advantage .
who is the weakest character that can create a new color never seen before ?
i am developing a web application that is primarily going to be used for mobile .
the application will prompt the user to input a phone number and i was wondering if it was possible to force the prompt object to use a numeric keyboard similar to having input type '' tel '' .
if not possible i was going to create a custom module instead of using prompt but would like to avoid that if possible .
i 'm making a 60 attack 50 str to start 25 prayer and 70 range account .
going to be trying to utilize dclaws at the lower levels .
questing all of my att and str as much as i can and cannoning all of my range .
i 'd like to know opinions on this build from everyone as i have accounts in this combat bracket but i never see anyone with claws this low and i want to try it .
i found it through the youtube autoplay ... and i love it 's unique style and sound !
is anyone else having trouble with downloading the wacom pen driver for the bamboo ink ?
is there a compatibility issue that i might have missed ?
i just got the sp7 and wacom ink this week and wanted to change the buttons on the pen to have an easy shortcut for undo but so far no luck since it 's giving me an error when i try to download wacom 's pen driver .
so i just spoke to a tesla service rep who told me i have hw 2.5 .
he said its based on available parts at the time ...
my only options are to purchase fsd or to pay 3000 to have the new computer installed..
i have lived in west columbia most of my life and have been seeing a pediatric doctor .
however i am getting older and need to start seeing an adult doctor .
i would love some good recommendations preferably a female btw .
i 'm in my first year and i 'm trying to get my dog 's affection up .
the problem is that he 's been stuck at 4 hearts for the past season and a half i 'm in winter and i 'm afraid i messed it up when i accidentally hit him with an axe while trying to chase away a mean dog .
is there anything i can do to get his affection up again ?
tiers 3 and 4 should be a fun learning area so new players can enjoy the game and stick around and climb up the tiers .
instead they have become an unpleasant place for new players in tier 3 and 4 ships with poor aa getting clobbered by unending streams of planes form always 2 often 3 carriers .
at least wg put a hard limit of 2 carriers per game .
if the low tiers are not fun why would anyone with common sense stick to the game and try and move up ? ?
it 's nice watching kripp and zig or mathil ... but we already see them everyday ...
tell me that someone actually recorded these gems of informations !
so i 've completed story mode been faffing around in free roam since and realised i 've never tamed a wild horse .
i know how to take over someone else 's horse but how do you go about taming wild ones .
even when i manage to lasso them i run out of stamina and they get away before i can repeat the process .
i have a number in a cell for example 29 in cell a1 .
now i want to convert the number 29 into cell a2 as 00:00:29 .
i tried all types of time formats but doesnt work like this .
after watching their newly released neutron stars video i wondered on what other old videos will they reboot .
i 'd personally want them to remake the immune system video https youtu.be/zqgocoubi6s but i also want to see your suggestions .
i feel like they underperform like a mf for having to do so much work to get them .
and their overalls are always so long compared to other cards at their tiers it just does n't make sense .
so i got my first kidney stone on aug'19 .
6mm stone detected in ct scan along with mild hydronephrosis as it was stuck in my ureter blocking the urine flow .
it was super painful for the first 3 days but the pain went away after that .
since the pain went away doctor suggested to let it pass naturally and prescribed meds and potassium citrate .
changed my diet less salt more fruits 3-4l of water everyday exercise .
a week ago i noticed mucus and some weird particles in my urine so i got an ultrasound last week .
the result was mild hydronephrosis in left kidney '' again .
ct scan done and now there 's no sign of stones or swelling ?
i 'm extremely happy that there 's no sign of stone but how is it possible ?
can the ultrasound be wrong or is it the ct scan ?
after upgrading to 1.2.2 it doesn‘t work anymore and it wont let me downgrad either..
any one who can say where i can get the 1.2.1 deb file ?
it 's a bit of a niche problem but i had a great run going with bum-bo the stout and decided to play the skull game .
i click on it and the reward is shown to be rainbow poop or something like that .
basically a trinket that rerolls all your spells each turn .
considering that my run hinged on the spells i really did n't want to get it .
but of course i won and had no option to decline or back out in the middle of the game .
would be nice to have an option not to choose a skull or at least say no to the reward .
so i was playing all day yesterday about 10 hours or so .
and today whenever it tried to save it said corrupted save file .
and wo n't you know it now my save is completely gone .
i guess the ps4 automatically removed the corrupted file as a precaution or something .
agree ... and i avoided the baltimore backfield figuring it would be rbbc
i swear to everything fucking holy every time i see that one of my posts got silver gold or platinum i start to literally have heart palpitations .
my heart starts acting like it just ran a marathon and wants to litterally commit seppuku from the interaction that i 'm getting online .
the fact that you would have the fuckng audacity to judge my piece of intellectual property astounds me .
who told you that you could play god on my post ?
what do you want me to get down and lick your feet ?
if there 's a paycheck and camera involved maybe but that 's besides the point .
why do you think that i need your validation on my fucking post ?
also stop making the up arrow turn orange it quite literally sends me into an anexity attack almost causing relapse when someone hits the orange arrow so much so that i have to click the up button on my post as soon as i see it as to cancel out the automatic upvote orange is a very problematic color for me it sends the wrong vibes also if someone could tell me how to turn the fucking cab locks off that 'd be great but not in the comment section in my pm would be great okay ?
as long as you can guarantee that you can make the payments every month and pay it off before the note comes due there 's no reason you should n't do it .
my suggestion would be to pay more than the minimum and that way if for some reason you have to miss a payment once or twice you wo n't end up getting hit with all of the interest at once at the end of the period .
damn i live on tempe campus and the shuttles do n't run that late
can i add someone to the kos list on the spy addon if i remember their name but it 's been a while since i saw them thus their name does n't appear in the list anymore ?
edit i figured it out just type spy kos playername
i absolutely love how menacing they made ! vader .
he 's just a completely unstoppable force compared to cute little cal who just barely became a generic jedi knight two minutes ago .
why not writing a story of all three of those ?
i do n't know why but i think stories with many unrelated protagonists are more interesting and intriguing .
it 's not appropriate to ask this of doctors .
we need effective methods of which adults can avail themselves without a third party being necessary .
not everyone wishes to live and that 's a highly personal choice .
there may come a time when i feel my body is just a crutch and i want to end it .
likely not as my desire to live is quite strong but i want to have that choice .
i went into my internship with very little practical it knowledge and never felt like they had unrealistic expectations of me .
my manager made sure it was a learning experience for me and urged me to ask all the question i possibly could .
the full quote is the blood of the covenant is thicker than the water of the womb . ''
stop saying he 's not much. he 's yours he 's great .
now get those tenderloins out of him and into a frying pan .
i bet you would drop with a nice cock in you
i guess the pacing difference is because in swsh you can just f off to the wild area when you do n't feel like continuing with the story .
superdelegates voting in a second ballot all but guarantees a biden candidacy .
at that 's my nightmare situation bernie or warren winning a plurality but biden getting picked by superdelegates .
well up until recently they did provide cohesion to western society by having a unified ethos .
honest or not in it 's intention christianity and the catholic church did provide a framework of ethics and morals before strong democratic federal governments took hold .
they talk about the quality of the models way back on the tree house stream when they first revealed that they would n't have all the pokemon .
i do n't think they stated from scratch but the quality of the models was the first reason that was brought up as to the cut followed by battle balence and limited development time .
this submission has been automatically removed because it comes from a blogging platform .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
i think the first one i 'm assuming he is on the nazis side ?
it would be interesting to see a nazi controller area from an anti semantic point of view
put in a support ticket with bungie they will be able to fix it .
eh i think winning a regular season game with 5 healthy guys is pretty dope but i understand why you 'd be ticked still
it covers an entire country so regardless you will have reviews from pretty much anywhere in the us .
i sometimes even get reviews in mexico and canada for some reason .
usually i do tend to get a lot of reviews for my own state .
they do this to prevent bias so you do n't 5 star everything near where you play .
if you were my child i would listen to you .
oh boy even if you are n't talking about her she hides ?
imagine if ritchie did that exact same shit to binnington last night lol .
the entirety of r/hockey would be roasting the ducks alive in the thread calling for a suspension .
i use it for my hearing impairment which allows me to be able to perform a little better .
i have to do that with high settings too .
reduce the government powers and have a small state so corruption ca n't go as free as it does currently .
i actually think it should go the other way but i want to get your take on this would n't a smaller government mean less people to corrupt cheaper to corrupt and less checks and balances to catch corrupt people ?
and in at the same time would n't it also mean less checks and balances to stop crony capitalism ?
i ca n't exactly say that the software better because i 've never used a different setup .
i 'm just saying that what you get from trackir is easy to use and the hardware will last a long time as well .
this deserves more upvotes and awards than most things on this subreddit its not just some snipped and pasted youtube comment on a yo mama video or some other stupid shit
did anyone else 's cbs just flex out of ravens v texans and tune into vikings ?
may as well leave the plug ... i know how to share
hello we have updated the rules with a recommendation to include the timestamp at the beginning of the submission and i could not find any timestamp in the beginning of your submission .
if this is not true for example if this is a 'buying ' submission you can ignore this comment
the supported file type is .fwc yet i ca n't find anywhere that has those kinds of files .
the money they create would n't exist without them having created it providing products and services people want to buy at better value than competitors .
not to mention the jobs they create and taxes they pay .
anyone thinking inequality is immoral just because some people are poor and some are rich literally does n't understand economics or morality .
if you create an operating system the world wants to use or a website that delivers what people want to buy why should n't you receive appropriate compensation for the benefit that brings ?
if you do n't get the rewards for doing so why of to the effort in the first place ?
just cause someone ca n't hit their shots does n't make a gun op
the only time in my life i wish i were face to face with someone on the internet .
i always assumed it was kind of a play on the supervillain character .
i 'm with the others that say wait for the ps5 .
all the big titles will run better on the 5 and likely be able to actually get 4k .
if a 5 is at all in the cards for you next year i 'd wait until then and at most get a ps4 slim with some games for bf if you really ca n't wait that long .
it 's a scam do n't do it..it 's a free watch that cost 20 dollars for shipping ''
i bought a sapphire pulse 5700xt at the time i did n't think the higher end cards were worth the price premium .
at the time my second choice if i was going to spend more was the powercolor red devil .
today i still do not think any of the higher priced xts are worth the extra money .
but today if i was going to spend more i would probably go with the sapphire nitro .
that change from the devil to the nitro is mostly due to owning the pulse and being very happy with it .
those 2 cards would be my top pics if you want the best xt and do n't care about the extra cost i think the nitro is a slightly better card and the devil is a better value neither are as good a value as the pulse tho .
i still try to imagine a broncos team with a 2015 defense and a 2013 offense .
the thought of it brings me to a happy place which i need to go to every now and then like when we 're choking like we are right now god fucking damn
i wish i could eat real food but it 's just so hard with nothing to cook with except a microwave .
i 'm starting to save up so i can move out as soon as i turn 18 which is in may .
i meant that blaster heroes are mostly better in ga or cs .
in hvv they have always been weaker and imo that 's the way it should be .
that would be just so absurd if in a 1v1 close range fight a blaster hero could beat a lightsaber hero .
my cbs station was broadcasting the texans and ravens game but now they 're broadcasting the broncos and vikings lol
you 're meant to tear the edge off after it goes through the printer dude ... that 's the entire point of all the holes .
thank you for confirming that u/kashflowz has provided helpful advice for you .
i 'll say that i and iii and okay .
not to mention that they were already separated almost 10 yards from each other and rudolph ran back at him presumably to continue the fight .
people who think he 's not at all wrong or only deserves a small fine are idiots .
as a musician that plays aint talkin ' bout love in a cover band from time to time it pisses me off so much that they have the goal song cut up and spliced together completely off-beat as in fucked up transition that does n't line up correctly the dj really needs to get her shit together because that 's elementary shit it does n't sound like that on canuck 's yt channel either .
a lot of time they are absolute creeps too .
is it fully chicken or does it have beef too ?
nice ive got 2 called jake and elwood named after the blues brothers cos in cat gray=blue for some reason
damn you would be burned alive no questions asked for giving birth to that thing 200 years ago .
while i ca n't speak for people under 40 this is one case where putting the punchline in the title is n't completely evil .
da 's line is the one memorable part of the sketch everything else is just sexist cheap shots regarding a movie star and his girlfriend .
if i just called it the snl point/counterpoint sketch people might not know it nor would they remember lee marvin 's court case but jyis is legendary .
she looks like such a sweet dog very tolerant of your canine fashion '' sense .
please remember to censor out any identifying details and that satire is only allowed on weekends .
if it 's not gatekeeping or if it breaks any other rules downvote this comment and report the post so we can see it !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gatekeeping if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't worry we have plenty of episodes left in this volume .
not to be lazy but wikipedia has them in the sources for their article on conversion therapy iirc
pretty much the only thing i remember is a giant desert outside the city and evolution beam dennis hopper turning into a t-rex and jumping out of a mining cart .
one of the first movies i ever went to .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
not considered a lpt a tip that improves life for you and those around you in a specific and significant way .
if you would like to appeal this decision please feel free to contact the moderators here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/lifeprotips .
do not repost without explicit permission from the moderators .
make sure you read the rules r/lifeprotips/about/sidebar before submitting .
make sure your keybinds are good practice building slowly in creative slowly getting faster and faster then start 1v1ing people in creative and play zone wars
but at the same time i do n't want the bumpin music to stop.
i 'm kinda frustrated that the pilot did n't follow those lines .
bilbo is literally the oldest hobbit ever besides smeagul .
he lived to at least 131 and likely longer .
it 's always the comments that warn me not to click on a sub that get me to click on the sub .
oh nooooo '' was my only response for the first picture like for fuck sake dude
i 'll be one of the first to admit noticing a quality drop during the vytal fights but that 's no reason to hate it .
and saying that should n't be vilified simply because the original creator passed away
it 's still impressive if you actually watched the game though .
it 's not like they were blowing min out the whole game .
with so many players out they had to double team and triple team harden .
he should be taking those shots with all those players out .
desktop is more responsive with actions/animations and has less timer lag .
it is cross play does n't matter how you 're playing there 's one pool .
it 's fine to smoke the advance to an objective on the defense .
the first cap on firebase georgina is a textbook example oh where this is useful .
you just need to be careful as to not pop smoke where it could give an enemy on the offense concealment .
i 've been to one before and it was super cute .
those are rookie numbers you are not ready for singularity .
is he spraying the dados and end grain where he is expecting to glue to provide support ? ! ?
fine for the drawer bottoms ca n't wait for everything else .
also he mentions not wanting to see the grain maybe do n't build a fucking timber frame house and instead build a melamine house .
i think every character needs at least one skin with a big pair
i 'm sorry but i did n't create this i found it on google
also i know it 's hard for you to believe it 's a tough myth to dispel but the poor are n't poor because of bad choices .
this was meant to be a well thought out question that i started to think out but i was n't sure how to add spoiler flairs so i thought hide post would hide it until i finished editing .
but it seems like people are having more fun discussing alie than would ever come from discussing my question about season 3 so i see this as an absolute win
can the ability to combine a skillcape and it 's corresponding hood resulting in a hooded skillcape be added ?
why do we need more than 5 when all anyone use is their over kill m4/725 class
people talk about hip-hop like it 's some giant livin in the hillside comin down to visit the townspeople
so the next time you ask yourself where hip-hop is goin ask yourself.. where am i goin ?
and hip-hop wo n't get better until the people get better
and not valuable because they got a whole lot of money or cause somebody think they sexy
and whether or not you recognize that value is one thing
if you 're on the floor you do n't even have to get up for drinks .
i watched the first two seasons and its weird .
i love the premise but almost all the characters are hugely fucking unlikeable .
especially the ones you 're supposed to be rooting for
i was washing my face in the sink after taking a decent dose of ketamine and turned into a 2 dimensional egyptian hieroglyphic of a bird god washing his face in a basin .
with that username i just assume you have a victims complex
i 've only done 13 orders so far but my rating is a 4.0 .
meanwhile i have a 100 completion rate and a 100 on time rating .
i think only 2 or 3 people have rated me so far .
i think this is a good way to give rewards to grinders
thanks for the support and reminding me that the growth can level out !
hearing stories like yours makes me feel a lot better .
i hope you are able to make it to 40 if you want to and that you have no issues from the gd .
breton style salad horker loaf ash yams and the sweet rolls did n't last long enough to get pictured .
new mrt stations coming up so maybe prices will rise in near future .
i turn and say what you think you look at in terrible english with my strong japanese accent .
the opioid crisis is almost entirely taking place in rural communities ...
i do n't know if you 're thinking of another scarlet letter but the one by nathaniel hawthorne has nothing to do with lovecraft .
my grandparents gave me a wiggles book for christmas last year ... .
that 's even easier cus u can jus cut him off if he not with it buh ye give him some diamonds i guess😂🤷‍♂️
he should be the favorite for the past 3 or 4 years but media dont like him .
i am already justified before the lord our savior and messiah jesus christ .
explain how i had woken up at 6 am when the dea came .
i know it 's true and i also know who you are too .
for mx if you want really quiet i 'd say mx zilents silent mx black or red stem in zealio/tealio housings or healios .
if you still want something that has somewhat of a clack '' lubed gateron inks could be good .
this thread has been automatically removed to facilitate secure trading users are required to set their 3ds and/or their switch friend code in their flair before posting outside of the daily discussion thread info posts or mod posts .
you may set your flair by clicking here https hq.porygon.co flairtext and adding the appropriate information .
once you have set your flair and read through our rules https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules please repost your topic .
if things seem confusing we also have a quick start https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/quickstart guide intended to give a step-by-step process for new users .
if you are a mobile user having trouble accessing the above links please retry using a different app or browser .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's an important distinction between fault and responsibility .
fault means that you did something wrong to cause it i do n't think anyone 's trying to say that .
responsibility is taking ownership of a situation regardless of what caused it .
it is your choice whether she is your responsibility or not .
some guys do stay because they feel that responsibility and feel they benefit from the relationship enough to get past what happened with the mom .
if i was in your shoes what i would probably do is remove myself from the living situation for a few weeks .
giving yourself some time to process the initial shock and think about it may give you some clarity .
have you noticed the enemy spawns being kind of random at the first section ?
there are times where i 'll clear the area then a big group just show up .
nope they 're like little fried balls of cornbread .
most people in the us are probably used to having them with seafood but in the south we also serve them with barbecued pork
they 're wasting everyone 's time and pushing putin 's agenda .
funny enough i did send this to him and i think he only watched like 5 minutes of it..
meanwhile he demands me to watch entire videos of rambling incoherent jp lectures but ca n't watch a video i send over to him..
twitter also helped so they have to watch it too
you 're trying to be offended on behalf of others her in hopes that she will see you as some white knight and throw her panties at you .
when i did 23a online there was in person sections .
i always remember the books being pretty big as well
i had my own about the wither and the story of the enderman and honestly i think it might work better with this backstory !
although lately for me it 's that fucking lovestruck beast .
how many 5/5s do you really need on turn 4 got dayum .
she was going by margo previously so i will guess weeb .
she was using some of the accounts to ask for things for her and her brother .
at one point though i 'm pretty sure she said her brother was a sister .
basically it 's part greed and part people knowing that she 's a psycho so she needs to keep making new accounts to trick someone into letting her into their home .
i think it can be assumed they did n't mean beliefs do different that they cover a prominent klansman .
talk about a bad faith reading of that comment .
i was on a usn ship who 's breakaway song that 's the song they blast after they break away from a tender when refueling is complete was speedy gonzalez .
it 'll make you feel a little better when the woman beater in brown tshirt gets some instant karma
man my mini poodles that my family has had since my childhood have docked tails and i remember being horrified as a kid when i learned that 's not how the tails naturally were .
still love my dogs though but yeah it made me so sad when my parents revealed that to me
we 're in denver and the map says ideal employers but i 'm confused on how to search for it .
and i agree she is moving to denver and quitting her serving job and wants to jump back into it and i am strongly encouraging her not to do that because like you said it 's taxing and your mind is n't 100 focused
moving outside of denver is not an option she came with me because i got a sweet job in my industry for s tech startup that pays very well .
i 'd prefer to float her then watch her waste her talents on serving .
edit jk figured it out does n't look like there 's anything in colorado 😥
i think lemuel 's eyes are more shark-like than jude law 's though .
i 've been playing with mixing pva and baking soda for snow .
you claim i 'm incorrect and yet you ca n't refute a single point .
light pabst is honestly one of the worst beers i 've ever had and i like light beers as in i usually drink coors light if i drink beer at all so you can tell by my taste level..if i say it 's bad it 's really fkn bad haha
it 's to prevent people from spamming and posting their knives everyday .
if they do n't want to repost with a price drop all they have to do is wait two weeks .
that cm punk returned blew he 's my favorite wrestler but what a waste of a return .
the worst part is that there 's like 300 dollar stores in that town and they 've done more damage to grocers across america than her little mish-mosh of dented cans ever did .
we mods have been overpowered by satania https www.reddit.com/r/animemes/comments/dveyaf/nya_hahaha but we 're able to use automod to get the message out .
beware the self proclaimed queen of animemes is ruthlessly removing posts .
as soon as we regain control you may repost your meme if it has been unjustly removed by her .
we are currently holding an event hitting 666,666 and even rule abiding posts may be removed for no good reason .
if you do n't want to risk it happening wait until the event is over .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/animemes if you have any questions or concerns .
bane of progress comes down for a wipe and then starts swingin
why were the lasers used for cameras during hk protest and used to blind police in the chile protests .
it 's obvious that the hk protesters were using them to blind the police too .
it 's almost bedtime for me😹 i hope you had a good rest 😺
that does not necessarily stop them from becoming russian subjects .
before wwi poland was to russia basically what core provinces represent in the game .
they had not autonomy they were administrated as just another part of russia and they were conscripted as all russian subjects were .
it happens when the subject thinks another person or persons is doing what the subject often unconsciously really wants to do
they need n't be grounded if they do n't have any wire penetrations .
do i have to install social club and register with rockstar before i play even if i buy it on epic store ?
do you realize that denying facts because they were uncomfortable is what got us into this mess in the first place ?
so for the 6th tier of mana nodes do you think they will turn current circles into knights testaments or keep it the way it is but use more champions testaments on the 6th node ?
im kinda weary about unlocking 5th circles at the moment .
but of course if the later the text the more it takes precedent then there is no question that the alleged two glorfindels are the same as the glorfindel essays are among the last of the material .
the reasoning behind people who act like we should believe there are two separate glorfindels does not follow this principle you laid out .
it follows their own personal history of reading seeing a glorfindel in lotr seeing a glorfindel in the silmarillion and then not unexpectedly thinking they are different characters and then the improper part making up excuses to validate contining to think about it that way when they encounter new information that contradicts their assumptions .
my point is that there 's no real controversy .
there are facts and there are people who do n't like those facts and make things up to deny it .
you do n't see for example these same people saying that 'maiar ' do n't exist even though that concept came later than about half the material that comprises the silmarillion .
because that concept was worked in to that posthumous work and the parts that did n't include it were edited to fall in line .
even though the concept does n't appear in the hobbit or lotr because it was still in the process of being developed they see it in the silmarillion and they take that as a baseline for what should be allowed and what should n't .
not as you 've tried to explain through any higher level of reasoning but simply whether it appears there .
but they know that 's not a legitimate reason so they lie make up reasons and spread them and then people spread it for them .
the idea that there is a distinction between 'published ' and 'not published ' that supports two glorfindels is one of those .
because either the silmarillion and the peoples of middle-earth are published both being able to bought in a bookstore or neither are both being unseen at the time of tolkien 's death .
im in the uk had same prioblem it depends on the seat you select .
if you are visiting r/tattoos for the first time or visiting from r/all please be aware of all of the rules in the sidebar and stickied threads before posting .
common issues that will get you banned are any comments on personal appearance any discussion about pricing of any kind aftercare/medical advice or questions and trolling .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tattoos if you have any questions or concerns .
if the 3 digit code is 1 time use and publishes that status once it is marked as used then it is useful and similar to vechain considering it is likely to be from its original source and not tampered with .
it 's not the same level of authenticity and i get your point but these are essentially competing ideas trying to solve the same problem .
it 's not a gimmick but it 's also not exactly an end to end solution like vechain .
it 's def good that we see solutions like this cropping up in the industry .
i 'm one of the worst in my class but i 've done it for six years so i 'm still above average
if i 'm an impressive guy or i 'm a friend you find pretty impressive why would i waste it on a 35 year old single/divorced mom with 2 kids who 's self important bitchy entitled self-absorbed conceited self-centered and who wo n't fuck me ?
example 8675309 of female projection she 's describing what she wants in a man self-confident to the point of arrogance dominant take-charge i 'm calling the shots here '' in control financially self sufficient and believing this will make her sexually attractive to those men .
that and she believes her statement that she does n't want sex '' makes her high value '' .
the not going to fuck you '' statement serves two purposes 1 keeping unattractive betas at bay and 2 dogwhistling to alpha attractive men that she is definitely down for sex if the time circumstances and man are right .
a woman stating no hookups '' or not going to fuck on the first date '' is a filter for her to figure out what kinds of men she 's attracting and to help her separate out beta bitchboys she can use and control for money favors commitment and status from alpha hot guys she can use for sex and fun .
it 's a shame i ca n't discuss it on reddit though .
the comment i replied to literally has nothing to do with ops review
they started league play strong and have fell off towards the end and now are n't looking so great
you really think the government is going to send police to do dirty work ?
protestors are sending false flags because they have to .
they are proactively protesting and rioting and the police are reactively trying to stop them .
why do you think the police tracking app got pulled ?
police are n't paid to fuck with the citizens .
i might do it the other way around got rowlet after about 160 and litten nothing yet .
i 'm pretty sure i asked already but are you getting pokémon sword or pokémon shield ?
i 'm only 9 years older than my formerly step now adopted son and it causes some confusion !
i take breaks so that game does n't feel like a chore after a while especially when it 's a grind heavy experience .
i 'm also going through my library of ps1 rpgs right now .
between each major section i 'll play the outer worlds or death stranding to break up the monotony
people play control just to complete quests and bounties 90 of the time they forget about the objective .
you are saying this like this is a wrong thing to do ?
depends on which way you want to go with this .
if you are afraid to bring it up with him is it because you fear him or because you are afraid to lose the relationship ?
if you are afraid to bring it up because you fear him ... i 'm sorry to say you need to get the heck out .
if you are afraid to bring it up because you fear losing the relationship ask to put the dynamic aside for a couple hours for a serious talk .
bring up what happened how it affected you etc .
if you lose the relationship it will be because he does n't respect you to listen to your concerns look at himself etc .
is that something you really would consider a loss ?
then there is the bright side he listens communicates understands apologizes etc and things become better .
they botched privatising probation and then had to pay to fix it
tried to sign ferry contracts with a company that did n't own any ferries
they abandoned women hit by rise in the state pension age
tried to make it harder to get justice in employment tribunals
failed to invest in public health leading to a reported 130,000 preventable deaths
cracked down on trade unions standing up for things like not dying at work
no we humans had it first as the flexible peacock shaman was not born yet
your story in no way shape or form needed to tell us exactly what brand of watch you were wearing at the time as it was n't relevant after what you already said we could totally understand what happened without that .
the fact you managed to work it into the story tells me you probably do this alot more without noticing it and people get sick of it .
i used to play on horde tank former tauren feral druid guise undead rogue on jubei'thos .
saw the original and it was posted by a girl .
if you 're interested and willing to moderate and grow this community please go to r/redditrequest where you can submit a request to take over the community .
be sure to read through the faq https www.reddit.com/r/redditrequest/wiki/faq for r/redditrequest before submitting .
please check my new package to integrate laravel logs with elasticsearch with the simplest implementation required here https github.com/ahmedofali/laravel-elk-log
alot of posts about this subject maybe a megathread ?
nainggolan gomez fabinho took nain since i use his sif great cash !
if you 're interested and willing to moderate and grow this community please go to r/redditrequest where you can submit a request to take over the community .
be sure to read through the faq https www.reddit.com/r/redditrequest/wiki/faq for r/redditrequest before submitting .
right now i 'm going through a bit of a tough time dealing with a problem i have always faced whenever i find myself slowly crawling out of depression extreme levels of frustration self-pity restlessness and doubt .
these emotions are usually what lead me back into another downward spiral that eventually leads to another episode where i do nothing but lay in bed do nothing all day and basically go stir crazy from the eventual boredom that sets in when i grow numb .
these feelings are very gradual and take months to manifest but once they do it all hits me like a train and i 'll immediately become overwhelmed .
for a bit of backstory i was neet not in education employment or training since november 2017 .
the following march i was hospitalized due to the onset of a psychotic episode mostly spurred on by abusing adderall which i felt i had to do in order to help me accomplish everything i felt i had to do to untwist the coil of disorders within my head and actually work toward my goals in life .
it led to extreme burnout no sleep and turned me into a twitchy mess of a person .
following that i was essentially a bed-ridden lump that participated in absolutely zero activities even video games could n't hold my attention .
saw a new doc last april and finally started improving my mental state due to the right blend of medications .
back on adderall but on a more controlled dose with additional meds to help with mood-stabilizing and depression .
a few weeks go by i feel slightly less willing to stay in bed .
2-3 months after i felt relief that the thickest layer of the depression that was weighing me down was dissolving .
then around last month i felt extremely angry at myself and completely anguished with the sudden burden of having to now unfuck my life as quickly as possible mainly because i 'm two years away from 30 .
hardly any basic life skills and no accomplishments to my name other than a ba in english and no debt .
i ca n't distract myself without meds but at least i can work and be productive when they 're active within my system .
then when they wear off the anger returns and i 'm unable to sleep due to thinking how much time i wasted wallowing in an emotional pit and doing fucking nothing gaining fat gaining weight no life to call my own .
i want to learn new skills maybe develop a new hobby but everytime i try to read an article or watch a video on youtube i always immediately feel dumb and inferior to the people speaking because they 're usually my age or younger more educated more well-spoken and have their shit together in general .
whereas before i 'd just shut down and become the human equivalent of a rock with moss growing on the surface i 've become bitter and jaded .
i feel like i 'm missing out on life because i 'm afraid that if i participate people will eventually realize how much of a friendless loser i am and reject me completely .
more and more failures will build up and eventually push me into a depression so deep i might not bounce back .
the higher i try to go the lower i get when my wings melt and i come crashing down to earth .
not sure if anyone feels similar but i want to know if it 's possible to ever go from bitter and angry at myself to satisfied and somewhat content .
i 'm fine with losing weight improving my body image issues correcting my mindset and maybe meeting someone i can relate to enough to want to form a meaningful relationship with .
it 's actually a quite short story but a big fuckup .
today as i came in at work my boss told me that one of my coworkers will come in about an hour to get something of his office .
my coworker is going to call me when he 's there so i can open the electronic barrier to our parking lots .
about an hour later i got a call from my coworker he 's there .
i went to the office to get the little remote control for the barrier and walk to the window from wich i can see the parking area but not the barrier
i went outside to check whats going up and see my coworker in his cabrio unconscious .
turns out that he was just slowly driving in and i knocked him out with my second press on the remote causing the barrier hitting his head whats definitely not how those barrier 's should work .
tl dr knocked my coworker out by hitting him with the electronic barrier as i pressed the remote control
posted on r/prorevenge by me but it should be on here !
this story starts when i was about eight years old i was in year 4 of my primary elementary school and was regarded as one of the smartest people in the class .
whenever we did any tests people would run to try and sit near me as possible so they could copy my answers .
i had a plan to stop all of this .
from then on i would work out the question then write a wrong answer inside of the answer box and the people on either side always copied them answers .
i changed all of my answers just as i changed the page and after the exam i found that the two people next to me did awfully !
tl dr people in my class copied all of my exam answers so i wrote down the wrong answers and they still copied me !
if you 're interested and willing to moderate and grow this community please go to r/redditrequest where you can submit a request to take over the community .
be sure to read through the faq https www.reddit.com/r/redditrequest/wiki/faq for r/redditrequest before submitting .
i am looking for a keyboard called tronic ergoforce kt2001
im surprised i cant find any info online about how long you can use before experiencing them .
i just started slamming tar with my meth like 4 days ago when i relapsed again and ive never used h before but i 'm feeling pretty nauseous right now after shooting that started about 2 hours after the shot .
i dont use very much at all its usually little pieces i find on a table that soneone else dropped so i 'm wonderong if i just feel shitty from extreme dehydration and lack lf food or sleep ?
becauase i 'm terrified of experiencing withdrawls and if im still in
the clear from them i will cease my h use as of right now
while im on facetime i often hang up the facetime call by accident by locking my phone .
im wondering if theres a tweak out there that can prevent this .
is it worth the money and is it a stable tweak ?
i know this is probably a common question but i 've tried googling and am at a loss .
for the past few months whenever i play fortnite or apex legends the game crashes within a few rounds .
i thought it might be my graphics card so i replaced my 960 with a 1070 and it felt like it was better for a bit but now its back to where it was .
i ran mdsched.exe to check my ram and it said everything was good .
i also have upgraded my graphics card drivers a bunch of times and its never made a difference .
also the wow classic crash happens instantly and my cpu never goes above 50c and my gpu is only at 61c .
my computer never crashes outside of a gaming situation writing code browsing the web etc. .
i 'm thinking about taking it all apart dusting everything off and reattaching the wires but i 'm not sure if this will do anything .
ok i understand the requirements for 144cp and what it must consist of except when it comes to a maths major .
the compulsory maths units and how it fits and what 's left over is what confuses me .
can anyone please post a course pathway for a math major and cs minor please .
the new guy looks at him astonished at this .
the first guy says watch i 'll show you takes a shot of whiskey runs over to the window and jumps out .
thirty seconds later he floats right back up and through the window and walks back over to the other gentleman .
amazed the other guy says i ca n't believe it i have to try it ! he takes a shot runs to the window jumps out and falls to his death .
the bartender comes over to the gentleman now sitting at the bar by himself and says you know superman you can be a real jerk when you 're drunk
not too worried on price but still would like to find the best deal .
so ... i probably wo n't get the invite since i 'm so new to all this and have no records to show anything i did torrent a long time ago when kazaa used to be around lol .
i would really like an invite to here lmk if possible
so i 've had this friend i 've known online for 12 years and we have always been really close .
we talked about meeting so much and how awesome it would be to see each other etc .
the typical thing you do when you have a long distance friend .
there 's been a few times throughout the years where we were close enough to see each other but plans did n't work out in our favor .
i travel a lot anyways.. he was in town visiting family and we met.. and it felt so unreal .
he 's everything i imagine he would be and he said the same for me .
i was in a haze for hours after he left .
i thought we would never meet and the fact that we did is just.. crazy .
i feel ike i could accomplish anything ... and now he 's gone and i really miss him but we will meet again soon he said .
he 's been the one constant in my life .
alright folks i 've got a confession to make .
i 'm suscribed here but i do n't have the game i ca n't afford ho4 and old world blues by extension .
the reason i stay on here is because i 'm fascinated by the lore .
as much as i love this mod the wiki does n't always have a description for factions .
so could you guys help a brother out and just give me a two sentence max description of the following factions ?
thanks in advance to anyone who can answer and to the mods for their work on this .
my ipad pro is occupying an account that i want to forget and leave behind and i 'd like to start a new account .
for android forgetting an account is as easy as clearing data for the app and having it unlinked to any links .
however uninstalling simply gives me an update download then the initial download .
whereas you 're supposed to have an account making/linking tab before initial downloading .
i have a dummy account that i can log into but do n't want to lose if that helps .
do not sext with your partner it is an easy way to break your streak .
this is how i originally failed nnn and just broke my 18 day streak after the fact .
a sub for dumb weird or all out stupid comments videos or subs
edit so i was finally able to do it !
so the key is you need to witness all combinations of character states being saved or not .
you can unsave a character by going into their puzzle and failing it you can do so quickly by removing your mask thanks to groutown33 https www.reddit.com/user/groutown33 for finding that out .
act 3 will be by far the most complicated and i recommend saving characters starting from that act and work your way back .
i 've completed the main objectives of the timeboat and gotten the new mask and am currently trying to 100 it and fill the bar for all the characters .
i 've completed all of act 1 fully but act 2 seems to elude me .
i swear i 'm constantly trying to follow the characters the entire time and using the mask to look through the whole boat but still seem to be missing parts .
do you have to do specific things or be in special places to trigger scenes you would n't normally see ?
dex can be use for everything attack/damage rolls ac a very common save initiative and some useful skills
con is n't broken be should never be dumped because it 's used for hitpoints and a fairly common save but seemingly not as common as dex
wisdom is used for the other most common save seems to be the main reason to avoid dumping if you can but does n't seem to be a problem if you do
i could be wrong about some of the specifics or missed some but i think it 's generally accurate
i know it 's only been a short while since it 's gone away but i already miss it so much .
i consider myself to be a newer player i 've been trying to get better by playing with my husband a long time player of the game and twisted treeline was the only map i felt comfortable playing pvp on so i could have experience playing against real people .
i also love the lore and aesthetic of the whole map and the interactions with shadow aisles champs etc .
and i 'm here struggling procrastinating for the sats my coffee machine will be tortured from today onwards till december 7 .
i want to duplicate my hardcore world and make the duplicate world creative so i can see how new structures would look before i actually create them .
this also excludes making a new world with the same seed because the things i already built would n't be there .
hey i was wondering if someone who is playing on the x cloud can play with someone on a actual xbox online ?
did you get everything done that you meant to ?
some people do n't seem to know the difference and odds so i thought this might help !
with breeding pokémon static encounters and max raid battles when you encounter a shiny pokémon it will have a 15/16 chance of being a pokémon with the stars sparkle and a 1/16 chance of having the squares sparkle .
however due to a programming quirk at time of writing when you encounter a shiny pokémon as a standard wild encounter this is essentially inverted with a 4095/4096 chance of the pokémon having the squares sparkle and a 0.9375/4096 chance of it having the stars one when encountering a shiny pokémon . ''
hope this clears things up for some people who did n't know !
this is a problem i have never had before .
my laptop keyboard has always worked fine until about a month ago .
when it is n't working correctly it has large periods anything between half an hour to a few hours where certain buttons stop taking input correctly or spam input .
this only seems to affect the left side of the keyboard and mainly affects the tab shift and a keys though other buttons have been affected from time to time .
there is n't any obvious cause that i can relate to it it does n't happen at specific times the temperature of the unit does n't seem to matter .
it occurs across both operating systems installed opensuse and windows .
the only troubleshooting method that seems to work is restarting the laptop which is quite confusing though could also be coincidence .
laptop keyboard stops receiving input on left-hand side for periods of time
i have a problem with my bridge since few days .
but the zigbee connection is not running so when im looking for my lamps he does n't find them and displays me a message on the bottom of my screen 'connection lost with the bridge ' after a few secondes
one of the lucknow leading creative agencies auctech it solutions .
we are a talented energetic and passionate inbound advertising agencies in lucknow .
we are specialized in architectural designing web designing and development 2d and 3d graphics motion graphics and animation designing of various types .
depending on your specific requirements we were delivered standard services to you which are complete combination of creativity and new technologies
80 x 60 ca n't be the resolution it is !
4,800 80 x 60 pixel infrared resolution '' flir.ca/products/e4 https www.flir.ca/products/e4
i 've never heard of any camera with such low resolution .
you can buy flir 320 x 240 for 500 ? .
besides that it 's in reference to thermal cameras does infrared resolution '' have a different meaning than resolution ?
ive been having a hard time connecting to other people .
i have nat d does this reduce my chances of joining raids ?
my post history here and on r/cuckquean will set the context so let 's get cracking !
i 've been chatting to a few women from tinder and some have expressed a real interest in erotic hypnosis .
but also some disbelief that it was a real thing and that yes you can make people cum on command and so much more .
with one who was keen and clearly quite submissive i offered to prove it to her .
and then i made up everything you 're about to read on the fly .
which either makes me very clever or very lucky you decide !
what i achieved was a conditioned response that took about an hour to get going and has led to effects that lasted days and made one subject very easy to drop into trance .
what i said to the first subject was that i needed to know that she was keen and that she was ready to receive some training to demonstrate that hypnosis could be effective and that she was a good subject for it she worried it would n't work on her for a variety of reasons .
then i said that i was going to need a lot of quite explicit details from her as i would be asking her to do things and would need to hear how they went not being able to see her a barrier to me calibrating the work .
and that this was n't entirely for prurient reasons lol .
then i gave her this instruction every time i called her a good girl she would clench her pussy muscles for a second .
i checked in with her to see if that felt nice it did did she feel her clit rubbing a little yes and so on .
if it did n't there would be no point in continuing .
i then started a kind of hypnotic patter with her just text talk around taking three deep breaths good girl and noticing how things felt and you may find that ... nice sensations i wanted to encourage .
interspersed with all of this i called her a good girl and would check in with her about how she felt increasingly horny of course .
i also told her to concentrate and to try and follow my instructions precisely .
personal theory for submissives getting aroused is a superb gateway to the start of sub-space even for people who do n't know that word would never use it and do n't consider themselves that kinky .
and people in that mental state people pick up suggestions really easy .
between the checking i also layered in more conditioning and hypnosis-type talk .
i started suggesting that the response to being called a good girl would be automatic and effortless .
she would find that they would need to concentrate on doing it less and less early on i encourage concentration to make the response as fast and as instant as possible .
that her mind could drift and it would still happen .
the women having submissive tendencies also responded well to talk of losing control to someone else and having their bodies serve someone else .
each time more sensation spreading across the body and the mind hitching a step as the sensations take hold .
i threw in that every time she responded she would think fuck me daddy and that this thought would override any other thought going on at the time .
after 30 minutes of this sort of stuff she was pretty horny and also by her own account feeling a little spacey too .
this is when i hit her with what i now think of as the convincer i increased the volume of patter and also the good girls often mid sentence .
i told her to concentrate on the feelings i was suggesting she might have while just letting the squeezing happen without thought .
after five minutes of this and lots of good girls and patter i brought her down and relaxed and eased off and asked her how she felt .
then i asked her how many of those squeezes were happening because she made them and how many happened automatically .
and that 's when it hit her the last quite a few minutes had been squeezing automatically .
she had n't thought to do it it had just happened and they had made her very horny .
the i hit her with a good girl and got an omg is this real ? back as she felt her body just do it automatically .
this has happened three out of three times and literally blows people 's minds .
for people of a submissive nature the feeling of that lost control can also be really arousing too .
so far the subjects go from skeptical to completely convinced not only of hypnosis but that i can hypnotize them and that they can be hypnotized .
it 's a nice way for someone to see if they might be into hypnosis without the tension of a date and the natural concern about a real world trance session with someone you have only just met .
from here i usually find that good girl is sticking hours and days after much to continued surprise .
the other thing this convincer has let me do is lead my first subject into trance .
in her case i again built up a hypnotic pattern and good girl set and then added in a hand drop type convincer hand raising with a balloon string etc .
i recorded this whole set as an audio and had her listen to it .
first time she found her finger twitching second time she really did feel the disassociation and her whole hand moved .
there was no demand to trance just breathing good girl focusing feeling the hand distant etc .
i also told her that when i said my left hand ... her left hand would do what i said like i had direct control over it .
i had her do a couple of instructions in the audio and then surprised her with a head scratch and a knee rub on the bus the next day turns out she gets a bit fuzzy memory wise as she gets close to trance .
another audio with good girl build-up and then hand-drop-and-sleep instructions had her drop into trance the next day she reports .
one thing i have also done is add a dial to the sensation .
once the conditioning was set i had the women imagine a dial with numbers and the number is on 3 .
i told them that 's how strong the feeling is now and then had them tell me how it would change if it was on 5 .
then i would tell them my hand is reaching out and turning up the dial .
this led to intense sensations across the board and a couple of fast orgasms as 10 was struck and fingers touched quickly .
great sexy convincer and it can lead nicely into trance without being all behold it is i the hypnotist !
ps i wish we had a sub just for this sort of chat and no audio sharing type of posts..
this trick led to a really hot threesome with my wife and a one of the ladies tonight .
flash game where you mixed different thing together to make other things .
the goal of the game was i think to build a dinosaur .
would like to see all the flags in one post .
anyone got some advice on a video or pictures for correct right hand shape ?
only been playing for a week but trying to avoid getting bad habits .
i live in southern spain and its guitar or nothing for options .
thanks to work skype lessons are n't really at times that are good for the neighbours .
lonely girl in paradise shall seek the master who planned her fate yet she finds her raven ... her guardian and he would be her all reflections just to keep her safe
so my friends and i were all hanging out yesterday and having a couple drinks .
one of us got extremely drunk and confessed her love for me .
my only issue is is that she has a girlfriend .
later that night i woke up and she 's passed out in my bed .
i was drunk and ended up snuggling up into her and playing with her hair and now i feel like i have developed feelings for her but i do n't want to be the reason she breaks up with her girlfriend .
i 'm a guy just looking for people to group up with in games .
if you fancy playing any of those games or have a recommendation then send me a message and i 'll pass on my psn/discord .
hey all i 'm a 24 year old abdl mostly dl but still plenty of littleness in me in monmouth county nj .
a little bit about myself would be that i 'm a nerd sports fanatic and a pot head lol .
i mainly play games on my xbox but i have ps4 too i play a lot of rocket league fortnite and apex .
i love comic books and magic the gathering and i 've played d d a few times and would adore a chance to play more .
my favorite sports teams are the knicks the giants and the mets .
also if i 'm awake i 'm usually smoking like a chimney .
i 'm in a long term commited relationship tho so please respect that i 'm only looking for friendship .
any other abdls in nj or just in general feel free to hmu
say i get two mods and they conflict in a small way .
i know i can create a patch to solve the conflict .
but can i create a new .esp that combines all both mods and the patch ?
i do n't know my way around modding but i am learning by doing and mostly by using fo4edit/zedit to create patches manually and merge plugins .
i 'm in the mendon area i 'm 20 years old slightly chubby daddy/dom and 5'8 .
i 'm hoping to talk to someone with similar interests in kinks as me and maybe become friends or more if we hit it off .
i 'm into video games psychology ethics space travel and anime to an extent hmu if you have any questions
and the flux for ultracite 5mm dont know which one it is
safety and security tips https www.reddit.com/r/gwabackstage/comments/98orj8/mod_post_introducing_gwa_backstages_safety_and where we stand on privacy and security and some things to think about for your own interactions
safety and security survey https www.reddit.com/r/gwabackstage/comments/98sii1/mod_post_another_poll_yes_gimme_dat_sweet_data if you want to share your thoughts on safety and security backstage fill out this short and easy survey .
backstage black box podcast https www.reddit.com/r/gwabackstage/comments/blcrw2/backstage_black_box_1_privacy_and_deleted_users covers performer privacy and deleted users
anonymous report form https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlsdyvoqdrgbxt6rxxib8uiwgm-av4sduifyk-mey0iubh8nynq/viewform if you have an issue with a user harassing you in comments or via pm please fill out this form
if you enjoy this community and would like to help make us better join our team !
this post explains both positions and links to their applications https www.reddit.com/r/gwabackstage/comments/dy6cis/mod_and_usher_applications_are_open .
v. gwab feedback form we 'd love to hear your feedback as we continue working on backstage .
please share any and all of your thoughts on our feedback form https docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1faipqlsddxdauhipplramiayxga03sv-pk5wmwqajzoqru3m1iw8dag/viewform .
the backstage workshop this is a place for anyone to drop by and ask questions regarding recording performing writing editing and otherwise .
you may also seek collab partners and get constructive criticism on a script or audio .
have you seen our latest community spotlight https www.reddit.com/r/gwabackstage/comments/aqdekq/community_spotlight_2_littlemako ?
u/littlemako and u/mrliquoricereturns discuss pom poms blanket burritos and more !
• do you have multiple accounts for sfw and audio porn ?
• question what level of specificity do you like in an audio ?
comment your username below to add your name to the ama list we have open spots !
questions will be taken in the post that each user puts up .
when they have posted their ama we will link it here .
they will be in control of it from that point forth .
questions will be taken until december 1 at midnight est .
after this time the ama will be locked and you will not be able to ask any more questions .
if you do not post your ama availability in the time allotted to you your name will be removed from the list permanently .
being capped to 4 armory slots per weapon when the game is so focused on weapon customization seems pretty backward .
at least i am assuming 4 because i am hoping that blueprints gained from missions or the digital download do n't eat up slots as well .
if everything is saved server-side i could understand capping it rather than letting it be unlimited or rather a really high number that most average people would n't hit but if it 's client-side there should be no cap .
i feel at least 10 per weapon would be way more reasonable if there has to be a cap .
on another note we should also have 10 classes it 's annoying not being able to have your go-to weapon classes along with multiple classes for specific scenarios that will inevitably happen like shotgun spam spawning on c flag side of euphrates etc .
and for the love of god do n't pull some bullshit and make us pay for it at worst allow us to unlock more from playing like an unlock token every handful of levels or something but preferably just give it outright .
if you do n't know what i 'm talking about i 'm talking about the custom blueprints you can make that go in the armory with your other gained blueprints like the xrk weapons
my mom is a homicide detective for the police and she got a new job up here .
i 've had trouble making new friends the past two months i 've been here .
all my friends are back in wyoming and everyone is set in their own ways here .
i talk to people but i would n't say we 're friends apart from this one girl .
now she was arrested for vandilizinggt her old works break room .
and now she 's just not talking to me because in her mind it 's somehow my fault because my mom works for that station .
i 've read so many posts on sleep paralysis and also memes about it but nobody i know in person ever mentioned it and i also have n't experienced it myself .
i wonder if it 's just rare and a loud minority or mostly made up .
game works perfectly in normal game modes but on ground war i ca n't get it to 60 no matter how much i lower my settings .
i have a 1060 so i should be good for 60 .
i just bought a t/c compass chambered in 30-06 sprg .
i 'm still relatively new to deer hunting with all the calibers and such but i was wondering if normal commercial 30-06 could still feed with no issue into my rifle .
i loved this song so much i was disappointed to see it was n't on spotify .
here 's a link to the mp3 and the wav .
i 'm on mobile so forgive me if formatting is wrong .
in the last jedi when luke and kylo ren are having their final battle we see a short cut of kylo sliding his foot across the salt fields .
this leaves a red mark on the ground from the layer under the salt .
then we 're given almost exactly the same cut of luke 's foot sliding but there is no red from the salt being scraped away .
after seeing the movie several times the answer is obvious as to why i 'm just ashamed it took so many viewings to catch that little detail .
and well done on the director for adding that little touch .
are there any other small details you 've noticed through the films such as this ?
to me any and every situation is always better if it can be shared with others .
and in a different issue i have a lot of trouble relaxing .
like i always feel like i need to be doing something and when i 'm not i have a hard time enjoying what i 'm trying to do even if i have nothing i actually have to do .
so my current situation my bf is out of town from this last thursday until the tuesday after thanksgiving .
it has only been a few days and being alone on our apartment is already getting to me and i can tell me mood has already gotten a lot worse in the last couple days because i really ca n't stand being alone .
my best friend lives several hours away and all my other friends are either also far away or too busy to do things .
i managed to hang out with an old friend for a while on friday night but most of yesterday was spent doing nothing and the only social interaction i 've had today was going to get coffee and going to the grocery store but those practically do n't count .
but i know the levels of socializing i crave are not realistic to keep up .
i know i need to learn how to slow down and enjoy my downtime .
but i have no idea how to get myself or let myself do that .
this might get deleted because you can blame this one predictive technology or whatever if you want but there is no excuse for this .
i took a screenshot of the search but i 'm not sure how to add it in this sub so if anyone knows please lmk !
i was literally just thinking about making eggs without muttering any words at all out loud .
so i start a google search about different recipes to try for today .
literally only typed the words different ways to ... . when the number one result came up as different ways to cook eggs
now we can blame predictive search engine technology all we want but why is this even possible ? ?
like how does it not freak anyone else out that these devices can literally predict our next moves and read our minds .
always had a bit of a passion for being submissive .
the juxtaposition between my curvy smooth thick assed body getting railed and rutted over and over by a dominant man gets me in heat .
i 'm 5'9 150 lbs with an ass that 'll put most women to shame i recently started getting into the t spectrum by cding and sissifying my thick ass who knew a pair of panties high heels and stockings would make my ass that much more fuckable ?
have a huge cnc and forced fetish that i want to play out .
the rewards are getting super cheap for the monthly tournaments .
the lastest 5 loss sudden death tournament has only silver and gold chests .
on the bonus side only has lightning magical giant and if u make it all the way ... .
i believe the algorithm has cut back the chances of getting a big chest from a regular battles as well .
the big tourney was the one chance to score a couple big chests .
they have to make the tourneys a bigger deal .
i 'm not even going to play this one .
i have a chance if getting a good chest from regular battles .
i 'm guaranteed no more that a gold chest in the tourney ... .
thanks for ruining the tournament i used to look forward to !
before i get in to the meat of the post i 'd like to ask for any data related to rare drafting .
if anyone rare drafts and has been keeping accurate track of how many rares they get per draft please post your experiences below .
i honestly did n't think i 'd ever make it to mythic in limited as free to play but at the start of this season i had about 3k gems saved up since i didnt play much draft last season and that combined with getting a higher winrate than usual got me to mythic .
i love draft but i also do it to build my rare collection so i pick 100 of the rares that i see in a draft .
i highly recommend people do this as it does n't affect winrate as much as people think .
one of the most concerning things about eld draft is that the bots now rare draft way more than they used to .
my rares per draft were a tiny 3.03 despite only missing out on 2 rares because of duplicates which is a full 15 nerf to rare drafting compared to m20 and an overall nerf of about 8 to your rare set completion in total if you use the rare drafting methodology if my experience is accurate .
make no mistake this is a huge reduction comparable to the proposed constructed event nerf which got reversed after massive outcry from the community .
this nerf has been done in a much more stealthy way and so far has n't attracted the attention of the community .
this post would have been more useful before the bots updated as i had some strong opinions on eld draft that differ from the usual narrative but i foresee a complete meta shift now that bots are hating out mill .
i 've done 5 drafts since the update and have faced mill one time and it was n't secretkeeper based but was a control shell with folio as a win condition .
prior to the bots update my favourite decks were mono green mono white mono red and gruul .
i ran them all as hyper aggro almost always with 16 lands and if you want to do this you need to ignore tier lists and pick orders .
mono green is all about wildwood trackers gingerbrutes and rosethorn halberds with higher rated cards like rosethorn acolyte being unwanted .
white is pretty straight forward and gets most of its power from bots underrating guidemothers and flutterfoxes .
red loves weaselback redcaps rimrock knights redcap raiders one of the most underrated cards in the set ferocity of the wilds and barge ins and most of these can be found late or on the wheel with red getting most of its strength from the depth of commons available .
even a 2/1 for 2 mana is an acceptable card in a low to the ground aggro shell although you still want something better ofc .
all these mono colour decks benefit from henge walkers and gingerbrutes wheeling late and picking these up pick 10-14 has been the perfect way to fill the curve .
perhaps where i differ the most from popular opinion is that i think black was the weakest colour in eld because of how aggressively the bots took the good black cards .
i was happy to be black in the mill deck but otherwise was never happy in black and i got so averse to it that i was taking some pretty medium cards over even things like epic downfall early in draft .
while i 'm not 100 sure this was correct i never regretted it .
mill was also overrated it took up 20 of the meta but i think it should have been more like 10 but they were the main reason i would favour aggro strategies .
if i had to guess on the new meta i think mono red is still very strong and i 've also seen some strong mono black decks this evening going heavy on knights including one from dustin stern that destroyed me .
the midrange value decks might be back now that mill is out of the picture .
it took 25 drafts to reach mythic from bronze 1
i 25f am spending the first ever holiday with my bfs 41m family .
his sister is cooking the thanksgiving meal all by herself at their parents house .
i offered to help cook and she just wants us to bring a vegetable tray .
i 'm not sure what else to do to help without being forceful .
i do n't want to be that person to just come and eat and leave .
anything else i can do or bring to be helpful ?
i thought about bringing her a coffee or a pallet of water but she does n't drink coffee and bf says bottles of water wo n't help .
if i put one finger in her pussy it hurts her and i ca n't even get two is this normal ? ?
edit we 're are in our twenties and she 's my girlfriend
hey fellow teenagers i know this is a weird request but i have a biology project on picking a topic that is damaging the environment and i chose showers as my topic .
it would help a lot if you could fill out a google form that asks how long you take a shower for and how much gpm is your showerhead gpm stands for gallons per minute it is usally a small number on the side of the shower head ranging from 0.5 to 2.5 .
i 'm really lookin for a good bloodied vats or bloodied explosive .
metal gear solid v the definitive experience dlc https store.steampowered.com/sub/132479 dlc for mgsv multiplayer
throne of lies® the online game of deceit https store.steampowered.com/app/595280/throne_of_lies_the_online_game_of_deceit
warhammer® 40,000 dawn of war® game of the year edition https store.steampowered.com/app/4570/warhammer_40000_dawn_of_war__game_of_the_year_edition
chronicles of a dark lord episode 1 tides of fate complete https store.steampowered.com/app/336280/chronicles_of_a_dark_lord_episode_1_tides_of_fate_complete
some bigger/unbundled games that i want dragon quest xi bloodstained children of morta 20xx baba is you heaven 's vault ...
my humble monthly referral https www.humblebundle.com/monthly ? refc=tz59r9 https www.humblebundle.com/monthly ? refc=tz59r9 if you 've never picked a humble monthly and you buy it from my link i can get 5 for the humble store !
if you instead want some of your friends to get that money go into your humble bundle account and find your own referral link to give it to your friends .
also if you suscribe from my referral link i could gift you a selected game in return
long story so i have a bad history with people .
i tend to be negative because i feel like all my life people have let me down .
used to be in a semi toxic relationship in middle school .
fast forward i used to be a loner in hs .
met this guy who thought i was cool and he soon became my best friend which felt like i could talk about anything .
we remained this way until he left for the military .
i began to kinda get a weird feeling like something was wrong .
a few months after i stalk his ig and find some porn .
which is something he knew i was strongly against .
also promised me he did n't do those things which is why my trust just went crumbling down .
he went from super sweet to tense and toxic .
one day he told me we ca n't be friends he dips .
he texts me last month asking if i wanted to meet up when he comes back and i ignore his messages .
finally he shows up to my dad 's house looking for me and apologizes to my dad nearly in tears .
i decide to meet up with him the following day .
we talk he cries and apologizes and takes all the blame for our break up and loss of friendship .
we become kinda friends again but i tell him i need time to figure things out .
we started talking like the old days when we were friends .
the thing is why do i still feel scared ?
i do n't get bad anxiety like i used to but i 'm going through a lot of things in life and he wants to be there for me .
he got upset when i told him i wanted space and pretty much said i needed to talk to someone and he wanted to be there so he got frustrated .
he says i ca n't make up my mind about things and he wants to help ?
i want to be his friend but do n't know why i 'm like super hesitant about anything .
i do n't know how i 'm able to stop feeling this way .
i 'm also a controlling person and for some reason still have high expectations from him even though he 's not my boyfriend anymore .
i made a list of pros and cons to this and found i have nothing to lose with just keeping him as a friend but why am i still so hesitant ?
short story my ex lied to me about a porn addiction this causing the break up .
we tried to stay friends and ended up being toxic so he left for 7 months .
came back and apologized and wants to be my friend but i feel hesitant .
i 'm in university and sometimes i hear couples people in relationships having sex .
but i ca n't help but think that at this age early 20s the guys are only in a relationship to get easy reliable sex .
yeah sure they might have some kind of feelings for the girl .
but for the most part these men do n't understand what something serious means .
i do n't know it just rubs me the wrong way .
i know i could get sex anytime i want but i do n't want to engage in it cause every time i have it 's made me feel bad about myself .
the only boyfriend i 've had who loved me i did everything for him sexually and we had sex all the time and he eventually dumped me over a year later for other reasons but i ca n't help but feel used .
i just think sex is a pretty serious thing that allows people to pair bond and if you go from relationship to relationship doing that it 's probably not very good for you .
the act of sex itself makes me feel very vulnerable and degraded .
i still enjoy it but it makes me think at what cost am i giving it out ?
i also do n't get how someone holding off on sex until marriage is a dealbreaker for some guys particularly if they 've already lost their virginity .
sex is just a somewhat enjoyable thing that does n't have much benefit to me beyond doing other sexual things together .
is it really that much different/better to them than connecting and being sexually pleased in other ways ?
i want a boyfriend and i want to have sex cause that 's way better than having sex with randoms but i still ca n't help but feel i 'd be selling myself short .
please do n't be mean i 've had a rough few weeks .
if your answer to that question is no we 're here to help !
our company specializes in kitchen design cabinetry and renovations !
🏠✨ our goal to make every client 's kitchen dreams a reality .
for this client we created a transitional white painted kitchen with beautiful quartz counter tops and a glass back splash .
if you 're interested in starting your own toronto kitchen renovation https www.josephkitchens.com please contact our team for more information !
📍 location 60 doncaster ave 2 thornhill on l3t 1l5
iv been working for the company a while now our boss is very friendly and engaging with his employees .
i have had many conversations with him and i thought we were pretty good pals
now i did n't know everything ... but what i did know is that he was married and kept that part of his personal life private .
he always said out of respect for his family what a great guy ...
i mean he did n't even wear his wedding ring sometimes
so i live in the midwest and close to a major university 's campus needless to say football is a pretty big thing with a lot of people my girlfriend included .
i personally could take it or leave it ... but she likes it and it was saturday ... . so i decided to take her out to a cool little sports restaurant/bar where lo and behold my boss was eating as well !
he saw me and smiled and i went over to say hello and introduce my girlfriend .
shooting the shit and i could n't help but notice the bombshell lady on his arm
i said when are you going to introduce me to your wife ?
i still feel the ice cold look he gave me .
and i think she let out a little gasp .
turns out the pretty lady was my bosses girlfriend who also did n't know he was married .
i went into work today and he did n't even look at me ...
tl dr met my married boss out in public and asked to be introduced to his wife who was my bosses girlfriend who also did n't know he was married .
what books have you all read that you genuinely found interesting/enjoyed ?
i 'm looking to get some reading done but not sure where to start !
or can i as someone with suicidal thoughts with no plan call and chat ?
but i do n't have the money for a therapist and i do n't want to wait for the moment right before i pull the trigger ...
i just like the idea of it being over the phone i feel a little disconnected from the person when it 's just through text .
so here in the uk mandy is predominantly a party drug for me i dont really see the point in taking it outside of dnb raves/festivals etc etc .
ive heard in the usa people often 'roll ' not a term us brits use whilst indoors either alone or with mates almost like a trip personally id rather smoke weed or take lsd .
also ive heard the average dosage in the usa is usually less than uk ?
id say maybeee the average dose i see people taking at raves is like 250-500mg ?
the story is pretty simple i was sitting with him and his friend .
i was bored so i decided to wiggle my fingers in front of his face while he was playing a racing game he then slapped my hand and hit me in the face .
he says this was reasonable and it 's the same as messing with someone when they 're driving .
i think my joke was completely innocent and him hitting me for it is a red flag .
btw this was a year ago and it 's an ongoing argument .
tl dr my boyfriend hit me when i was messing with him while playing a video game .
with all the whole waiting for the megaman news gala and christmas coming up .
i completely forgot that we have n't had any news about the chapter 11 that was teased 2 months back .
plus as of now a new chapter and gala every 2 months are intertwined with each other after gala sarisse .
and it 's normally the characters that have gotten the highlight in the new chapters .
idk what you guys think on the sudden lack of news for the chapter 11 ?
i 'm trying to get into fundies 2 but if i did n't would you recommend it as a comp sci elective ?
from what i heard source 2 shares code with source and it is possible to port source games to source 2 .
hopefully the greater community comes to the conclusion people will start developing mods to update the game unofficially with .vpks and mod launchers .
that does n't mean it 's not poor qc from adidas .
the fact is that we see them with one shoe aligned and one misaligned is a clear insight on that .
tickets to a production at the pikes peak center or the ent center for performing arts .
lucky we get kicked from the room if we have weird names .
it 's not very common to see this kind of perspective towards furries and it is really good to see .
just imagine breathing and then a giant bear chases after after you and pins you to the ground .
you think it 's over for you and then he cuts the wire wrapped around your neck .
that 's what i think the seal was feeling .
actually want to play a video game with this aesthetic now .
the roads are dirty from october to may mainly because of tires with spikes .
in my area it 's investors doing the absolute bare crappy minimum to make a house presentable to flip it .
any house you see that 's flipped is likely complete shit .
i have n't seen one i 'd be willing to live in yet .
and our passport strength index is still in the shitter .
the citizenry of some of the worse off south american nations and a few asian nations with a lot weaker economy and way less influence on the world stage have way easier access to eu/aus-nz/us-can .
but that 's only because their politicians are actually focused on strengthening ties and working out diplomatic cultural exchanges easier work visas and visa-on-arrival instead of my hospitality and leisure funded by the taxpayer money '' .
i 'd say money '' but the price keeps collapsing and i 've got about 800 bars now so my alternative answer is a hoarder hovel . ''
now i only have to floss half as many teeth and i do n't have any tmj either .
bit harder to eat though i 'll say that much .
or instead of commiting mass genocide get your enemy to donate blood every other month and just take that .
if the heavy ar comes back what would a blue ar upgrade to ?
he also was third in prestige leaderboard and 6th or 7th in the world .
the alternative is to fail the author and have to teach him again .
he is the original poster atleast give some credit .
why bother pointing out express lane policy to customers that sets you up for false criticism .
instead just scan their shit and pleasure them away .
let managers deal with the idiots that 's what their paid to do .
poor poor ceaser i hope jesse buys his edible undies for maria .
their 'patriotism ' as a whole is very disturbing and cult like .
in pretty much any populated area of the us you ca n't really drive for more than a minute without seeing a flag .
car dealerships for some reason always seem to have absurdly large flags about the size of a house .
the military aspects of sporting events are disturbing too .
parades of soldiers jet flyovers etc just for a college game that in any other country would not be a big deal .
when military service is viewed as the highest form of patriotism and that is injected into every day life into culture and into the distractions of the masses ie sports ... it all feels ironically quite like what you picture life under the soviet regime would have been like .
i though about gs75 but it is quiet expensive compare to ps63 but i will look at it again .
aww poor guy thinks he 's the victim because his support for traitors and criminals is pointed out .
do n't forget the the insults towards men that 'll be in the movie .
yup it 's much faster once you get the hang of it .
if i were running reflux stuff alot having the electric burners would help but i 'm a pot still guy so good old propane is king .
see the mangas in penis birth '' since there are only 2 you will easily find it .
kids who show real athletic potential are increasingly pressured to pick a sport and start specializing extremely early leading to disproportionate loads on the specific muscles and joints that are used in the particular sport .
the result is way more sport-specific overuse injuries now than ever before .
kids/teens with athletic aspirations are better served to play a wide range of sports not only because its good for things like spatial awareness and hand eye coordination and real-time decision making but also because you diversify the stress you 're putting on your body .
if you blast out 4 aau games a week from ages 12-18 your knees are doomed .
lol i wouldnt feel sick about it but it was a good lesson to learn .
just clean everything well or hire someone to if that makes you feel better and it 'll be fine .
shits been around forever and you only really have anything to worry about if you work in construction or something where you 're always exposed to the shit
wait did goldman almost start to do a trump impression ?
i just went through a similar experience.. which felt so cruel with it being our first cycle trying .
i 'm also very regular and may fluctuate a date or two .
good luck and i hope you get some answers soon !
your submission has been removed for the following reason s
rule 2 please see the bungie please https www.reddit.com/r/destinythegame/wiki/bungieplz list .
asking for non-eververse legendary armor or exotics to be made into universal ornaments is a commonly requested feature and as a result has been retired to the bungie plz .
if you believe this removal was in error please send us a modmail https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdestinythegame .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/destinythegame if you have any questions or concerns .
parents who use spanking as a punishment are shitty .
there 's soooo much research to back up the horrible effects that spanking has .
it is n't effective and generally causes more behavior issues .
if i spank an adult as punishment it 's assault and i 'll be arrested .
but spanking a child who is defenseless is okay ?
upvote this comment if the post is a cursed comment .
downvote this comment if it is not a cursed comment .
if this post needs moderator attention please report this post
i 'm a bot and this action was performed automatically .
if you have any questions please contact the moderators of this subreddit .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcursedcomments subject message=please include the action number for reference .
if you want to talk about the subreddit feel free to send us a message in our official discord server https discord.gg/aaudxtq !
i feel so guilty that i let my son use it for so long .
they were in longer hollow-ish parts and kept sliding around so when i looked in one spot they were already in another .
god i love baseball but i 'm starting to despise mlb and rob manfred .
there is no illustration of her in volume 11.5 i 'm pretty sure the only illustration is in volume 3 .
yeah i know the on/off stats for mitch last year were insanely good relative to the rest of the team .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
no as the usb ports will most likely be powered off if the machine is powered off .
however you might be able to configure an auto on time in the bios .
alright ... but can anyone explain the purpose to what this dipshit is doing ?
it took me a while but i found what mod was breaking my game lol .
i suggest updating all the mods you can and deleting the mods you may think are a problem
i want see how well mourinho does with a non ultra rich team .
when you also taje into account the number of people who will do anything to get attention it is easy to believe they are mostly hoaxes
at least wait until he 's been on the bike for a couple of races before writing him off .
sadly your post has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions you can message the mod team through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/cursedcomments replies to this removal comment will not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
all else aside you should definitely do it when it 's free .
i the base game an event sneakily claims that stress-relief activities are free but the sanitarium is too .
with the dlc there 's a more specific event .
be aware that you can purge a negative and lock a positive in one sitting .
archive link because this one needs to be seen .
dear santas please contribute to my kids ' already big pile of gifts .
do n't know how big his following was before but it feels like he is trying to prove himself instead of just doing a good job focusing on the game and having fun with chat .
some big shot asked mando to bring him a 50 year old target dead or alive the target is a 50year old baby yoda that has force powers .
we do n't know what mando will do next with baby yoda .
also the big shot that asked mando for the baby was working with a doctor that had the emblem of the guys that made the clones so people think he 's probably trying to clone baby yoda or use some of his powers and that 's how palpatine comes back in the rise of skywalker .
no osvald lives in barcelona and english is n't his first language .
i felt it would be inappropriate not to share his name .
is n't it like that or am i missing something ?
later in the video you may not have watched it completly .
there are two possible answers i can think of .
so net aminity could be how many amines are present in some unit of measurement like mol .
2 again netaminity could in fact be two words and you have misspelled it .
an amenity is something that provides comfort convenience or enjoyment .
it would be useful to know the context in which it was used to determine what the word means .
i can relate it 's great you are safe now and made the right choice .
do n't forget the 5x periscope zoom lense with a galaxy mode it 's nicknamed hubble for space photography .
it 's the best zoom module every placed on a smartphone .
i think it 's already fairly justified as uncommon .
it 's a dagger that can be easily snuck into places that would typically have you disarm a meeting with a noble or the local guard perhaps ? .
additionally while it uses an action and bonus action to dispel it and resummon it it does have quite a bit of cool creative potential when it comes to throwing it somewhere and being able to automatically retrieve it .
while it 's combat uses are limited compared to say a 1 dagger of the same rarity it 's still a magic weapon for the purposes of resistances and immunities and one with pretty decent creative potential .
i think it 's a really dang cool and balanced uncommon magic item .
costco regularly sells large packages for cheap and they go on sale occasionally .
my bad i did not know there was a 2nd daylight savings time that went back another 4 hours
i accepted '' a job offer 3 months ago and still waiting for the background check to go through
of course you 're making this something to take offense at .
because that 's the exact flawed narrative that i was talking about .
make everything about offending and science becomes the least important variable .
seriously who would have thought that a vr game would be 1 on trending on youtube and get almost 5 million views in one day ?
i would love to see your math or explanation behind '' just fish '' .
even in season one when they had to pick up trash in mf hope accidental stabbed her foot and it healed.. i was worried about her expressing her pain to ethan because i thought she was gon na heal super fast but then it apparently was n't a problem
oh cool was hoping to get some political opinion out of this photography article .
too bad there was no florida man to rush in there and body slam those alligators to get your phone
this was the study done on beyond meat by the university of michigan .
if you want it fully standalone you 'll need to implement an lcd and input device .
i 've seen it done with nextion touch screens .
your friend is being disrespectful and immature but you still did the right thing and invited him to have drinks after dinner .
he should take this incident to rethink the way he treats people and his close friends and you should n't feel guilty .
it makes me think they 're going to portray diana not..as favorably ...
i 've never used any of these but for permissions try this https www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/thutperms https www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/thutperms and for the tpa and spawn try this https www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/thut-essentials https www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/thut-essentials
the second mod adds all sorts of things like tpa sethome repair rules and more .
you can use the first mod to manage player permissions and specify which player can use which commands at least that 's how the mod is described .
for being part of an international effort to fire the guy that was n't investigating the founder of the company his son worked at ?
firing shokin actually opened hunter up to legal issues it did not protect him .
lol the excuses people will make for players they like .
this link for nasb is dead find them at their fb page https www.facebook.com/groups/northaustinsocialbicycling https www.facebook.com/groups/northaustinsocialbicycling
well is n't the issue that instead of looking for some concensus you just bash them so they no longer see you as credible source of informations ?
you marked them as enemy and do everything to completely remove them from country why would they ever listen to you ?
from their position you are same insane as you just described them .
definitely not long term sustainable position i would say until one party steps back from this militant aproach and actually would try to save the country by looking for things that connect instead of more political ammo .
or ... until some third party arrives and you actually get real democracy lol .
the gem ones i think are too round mine give me the same problem .
look for a plug that ends in a curved t shape instead of a round end .
how can we tell just by looking at the face ?
i did n't even take my husbands name when i got married for professional and personal reasons and because i am a raging feminist haha so who is to say that my girls wo n't keep their last name ?
if only spectrum could make this channel available for cord cutters .
bush regan and w for a short while before 9/11 were all pro immigrant then 9/11 happened
my youtube account is called cs thats it dont upload lol
he could single-handedly usher in the return of the walrus moustache to the modern era as a symbol of virility and freedom !
other than it needs a piano black finnish i like how the dvd player sit on a different level
again there is a difference between those who are indifferent or just do n't want kids or even just find them annoying .
but it 's a huge red flag when it crosses over to hatred .
i 've played roughly 30 games since pre-season launched .
people understand dragons are important and they are fought over ... if a team gets an elder it was probably over before they had that buff anyway .
to add ... this is hardly different than the early years of baron .
if a team got baron it was unbelievably powerful .
people used to ff immediately if teams got baron .
it 's a 45 min win condition it should be that strong .
if this is a dank meme updoot this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downdoot this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downdoot this comment !
we 've got this fancy new web-based call software i guess some sort of voip thing that has a hold button .
that button puts the conversation on hold but both sides are still on the recording .
it took us all of 5 minutes to discover the physical mute button on our headset cables still works though !
lessen the ability of the rich to buy elections and influence .
turn that lessen into complete abolishment and you 'll get my support .
lol i prefer my opinion about price vs content than moronic reviews on o.store that get every single release each week 5 what ever its good or not .
honestly i 'll just be boring and say a regular citizen .
maybe have a pet pokemon but that 's it .
i think it would be interesting to see how day to day lives would change with pokemon around .
they 've had it for at least 6mos but i had to fight with them over false advertising on their install fees via the bbb before i could get it installed
misappropriation of found property is a crime here in ca .
if there 's a similar law where you are sure report it .
sure they 're not fun to play against but at least i can kill them if i 'm careful enough .
i 'm dreading the day people start building sanguine 's on him ... please do n't try it it 'll make me very upset .
it 's just his sustain combined with his damage output makes it not even worth trading with him unless you absolutely know you can kill him in that engage .
remember getting cod xp booster codes with doritos and mountain dew hahaha .
if your handing out jobs i 'll take one lol i need to get out from under the awful awful awful boss i currently have to deal with .
both wavy jacob and assault both have the same binds i do .
crouch on r3 and jump on x. i think assault plays on elite but i know wavy jacob plays standard
what set is this and what did you use to record it ?
all comments from men will be removed and you will be banned .
so if you 've got an xy do n't reply .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/femaledatingstrategy if you have any questions or concerns .
i agree that quest is a huge step forward .
however there is still plenty of semi-mass-market space with the enthusiast crowd .
namely the crowd that buys mid-high range graphics cards .
the gaming pc '' demographic can afford vr and will buy it when the killer app arrives .
the real question is what if aizawa was there when all might fought all for one
here 's to hoping they sell to a good organization/investor group that actually gives a damn lol
should be worded the first time you sell a minion each turn add a gold coin to your hand .
but i think it would be better as an active hero power that cost 0 and was worded sell a friendly minion and add a gold coin to your hand . ''
it makes it a tiny bit better as you get to choose when to use it but the text is shorter and less clunky.it it a powerful ability if you compare it to other economy powers as it is close to getting an extra gold each turn .
my suggestion would be active hero power costing zero that says sell a friendly minion .
reduce the cost of a random minion in bob 's tavern by 2 . ''
returning minions to your hand as a hero power is always going to be hard to balance because of the potential abuse of powerful battlecries .
i like the idea of it being locked in your hand i do n't like needing to have the effect be conditional .
i think i would increase the cost to 4 and remove the non-golden part .
that way it is a little more spendy than if you just bought the minion .
instead of using the term lock '' i would use freeze '' instead as its already kinda understood in hs .
a frozen minion ca n't move around and does n't do anything even in your hand !
so shadowstep 4 return a friendly minion to your hand and freeze it . ''
it is a bit unclear if this means you always get the first attack or if all your minions attack once before your opponent gets to attack the first time .
the first option seems like it would n't be good enough the second seems like it might be too good ?
maybe word it like whenever you summon a minion during combat give it 1/+1 . ''
same effect but i think more consistent with hearthstone standard wording .
if there was anyone who deserved the beating black activists took in the 60s fighting for equality of opportunity and treatment ...
is trying to undo what it took her fathers decades to overcome by planting seeds of vitriol among society .
at a practical lvl tho it should have been a relatively seamless transition ?
the dc taking over the hc with a quick trip to philly for a day ? ?
didnt know you were a baker cause those are some nice buns
if the city team in the last two seasons could n't .
i purchased a note 10 plus from costco today and i did n't need to add a line .
i just use my existing line and i was able to upgrade .
your mileage may vary but the reps at my costco just let me swap the sim out of my old phone into my new one and they still gave me the discount .
anything you may have to activate the sim card that 's in the box but that 's about it .
but despite the colour grey however black and white still exist .
you are telling me that there that there is no difference between a purebred european african and chinese person other than that created by my racist eyes ?
not when their salaries are obviously used to facilitate trades .
the rockets caught shit for that with the nene contract .
this guy is amazing he even included the underwater triangle near lurelin in that one quest
scythe playthrough of 1 remains one of my favorites .
not great in the rest of the souls games though
tyvm i think in a year i 'm gon na be like you once i get started .
before med school/anesthesia residency i worked as an er tech .
during med school i got salmonella was in the ed and needed to give a stool sample .
disabled all the monitor alarms disconnected myself went to take a shit .
arrived back to my bay to find my nurse furious i had touched the monitor .
the attending found it hilarious and was impressed i knew how to adjust the monitor .
handed the nurse a whole container of shit said yeah sorry about the monitor i 'll fix it but she was still pissed at me the whole night .
hooked me up with the mso4 though and i felt much better
compared to the testosterone the estradiol is n't that high .
i would n't say i 'm lethargic just occasionally tired .
io and kairi appeared in the crowd at an njpw event .
a lot of our pain and hardships are internal .
it 's the only true indicator of illusionary suffering and true treaths that have to be addressed .
since we live in a completely comfortable setting we tend to create most of our suffering .
there 's literally no slander or libel here at all .
whenever someone disagrees with him he tells them they have an ego starts claiming he 's being bullied starts calling them trolls and throws a fit when he 's told to cut it out .
a skillshot that he can essentially just bounce off of the minions around him using e .
there is no way this is a serious comment .
you seriously see no differences between a group of people who want ubi m4a and decriminalization of drugs and trump supporters ?
or are you saying the tactics employed the base to advance their candidate are the same ?
if it 's the later then are you saying any dissent/criticism of a msm outlet is trumpian and automatically invalid or something different ?
if it 's something different please be explicit and specific about what it is you 're saying so it 's not misunderstood .
it looks like you 've posted a premise or a question .
for future reference showerthoughts are almost exclusively conclusions and should not be what if ? ''
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
from someone whose walked the streets you da real mvp out here .
you guys do realize that raccoons are very clean animals and it 's a fact .
they do clean there food that there about to eat and they bathe and clean them selfs a lot too .
and they are kind of cute i wo n't mind having one for a pet
no red dead at 60fps has lower latency than red dead at 30fps .
the latency added by stadia simply is less than the latency difference between 30fps and 60fps which is still impressive i 'm sure most casual gamers ca n't even tell the layency difference between a 60fps game and a 30fps which is exactly the point i 'm making .
the lag is there and anyone sensitive enough to pick up on it like for example game reviewers who spend their entire lives playing video games are going to call it out .
ref took away a bit of lane to chandler 's right
please remember to be civil when commenting and follow our rules https www.reddit.com/r/squaredcircle/wiki/index .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/squaredcircle if you have any questions or concerns .
we still need a pick and ban system so i can ensure that i never see that stupid piece of shit kollector
you could play the game where you ask let 's see how close we can get our lips to each other without touching . ''
starting to become a huge fan of theirs now that they have 3 of my favorite songs on beat saber !
0-5 if you want to get into a house probs have difficulty getting approved crap interest rate lmi
5 20 better interest rate approval rates go up dramatically lower lmi by 1000 's .
but how it 's not like they have a bot that runs rampant through hundreds of thousands of videos trying to figure out if it 's suitable for advertising s
partying up requires and invite to be sent and be able to queue and find a match .
wager matches and party game modes all had a party size of 1 .
i was like why in the hell are we drafting a rb .
nowadays just having some youtube autoplaying in some background browser tab is now a premium '' feature i must pay for as youtube loves to remind me when it auto-pauses the music and has you manually re-enable it after dismissing their goddamn popup .
she is our prophet 's sunnah personified may allah bless her with janat ul fridous .
may allah give us hidayah to follow the sunnah like her .
i 'm down to clown and wo n't leave you with a frown 23m
rules reminder r/invites does not allow trading/buying/selling of invites or accounts .
if you receive any messages breaking those or other rules please send the r/invites moderators a message https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/invites with the reddit account names and screenshots of messages breaking rules .
to review all r/invites rules just view the right-hand sidebar or see them here https www.reddit.com/r/invites/about/rules
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/invites if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly man it 's like they forgot we got top grossing on a few more countries after the first time or are just waiting until after the free multis go away to give us stones 😔
if siakam gets traded for simmons right now 76ers are a lock for a championship ...
it is faster in axe mode mode compared to chatheblades axe mode .
evasion window yo is your friend and side hops through attacks at right times help .
but if you look up the new moves it helps with some now evasive attacks and a axe power up mode for part breaker bonus and flinch chances .
instead of building phials u just attack in axe mode to power up the sword but better than that you just morph during combos and build charge from morphing of shearling in axe mode the sword charges on it 's own .
hey guys i could really use your advice right now .
first a bit about me i 'm a foreign student studying in germany .
according to my working permission i 'm only allowed to have one side job and limited working hours .
so since september i 've been looking for a side job at companies which is more suitable and potentially good for my study area .
i soon got an invitation to the interview at this company and also during interview they informed me about one online courses which will be required for the work .
but they also mentioned if it went well and i got the job the company can overtake the cost of this course .
but there was a registration deadline until 18th of november .
until end of october i still have n't got any response so i called them initially asking for results .
they apologized and said because of the vacations and different reasons therefore there is such delay but they will reply within next few days .
finally i got a second interview on 11st of november which was only a week before the deadline for the course .
and during that interview i asked them hr and department manager if i got a confirmation from them that i actually get the job so that i could register for that course .
they give me an oral confirmation but also mentioned they have to discuss this within the works council but they are pretty sure the council would approve this .
so i registered for the course within the deadline with 400€ from my own and let the billing address set to the address of the company .
today i just got an email saying the council decided not to hire me and just let me here hanging .
i do n't think i can refund the money from the course and i ca n't ask the company to pay this 400€ for me right ?
but i ca n't have that fixing to lose my home and the loan place called today and said it 's not looking good for me to get the loan to save my home .
i just got out of a mental hospital and it 's been one defeat after another i feel like i 'm losing it agian but i do n't have that option but i do n't have the strength to fight and i 'm just spiraling down the hole i do n't know what to do anymore
mezu is a money sending app similar to cashapp and venmo .
they will pay you 5 just for opening an account and depositing 5 .
the payout is immediate and the money can be withdrawn to a debit card immediately with no extra charge .
click here to install from the app store https apps.mezu.com/install ? invite=rave183
make sure to enter code rave183 in the redeem a code section
you will immediately receive your reward then just pm me and i can pay via paypal venmo cashapp .
offer available only to legal residents of the 50 united states or d.c. 18 years of age or older who have an account on the mezu app .
the app is available for free on apple app store or google play .
you must create an account on mezu app to obtain an invite code and provide this code to a friend .
friend must obtain the mezu app create a new account redeem the invite code without having redeemed any other promo code or performed any transaction add a debit card or a bank account to the account and complete a give or pay transaction of 5 or more from the linked payment method within 14 days of redeeming the invite code .
once verified you will receive a 5 balance in your mezu app account and your friend will receive a 5 balance in his/her mezu app account .
mezu is not responsible for any technical difficulties downloading app registering obtaining or using funds .
subject to mezu 's policies at https www.mezu.com/legal for questions contact care mezu.com .
sponsor mezu na inc. 101 avenue of the americas new york ny 10013 .
pay to win is it really in asphalt 9 ?
short answer is yes but actually no but actually yes . ''
so yes you can buy a lot of bps/cars for money and it will definitely shorten grind phase in this game .
you will get to about same state as someone who paid 700 eur in roughly year or 3/4 .
and that someone still needs to grind and play a lot .
and still wont catch players that play since start .
so yea you would need to pay insane amount of money to get to same state as ppl that play since day one .
well good car can help you win games but it wont win game by itself .
even if you had jesko playing on td will probably get you second from last spot not first .
of course give me jesko and i will probably rarely lose .
for really good players it can be pay to win if they paid for having really good or best cars .
except majority of them apart me apparently play since day one .
so they already have everything and dont need to pay .
lets talk about knockdowns or simply crashing your opponent .
except it might not always work for you but against you .
landing on enemy car usually ends in kd for them usually .
gentle bumps might end in kd of enemy car also might end in kd of you .
full shockwave into rear is favorite of all corvette and huayra players .
works about this way if your car is higher rarity rating and class you can always kd everything under you .
rarity is rarity of bps you have regular/common bps which are worthless much as cars that have them .
then you have rare like lets say asterion and then you have epic which would be for example corvette .
it works simply that highest rarity makes it easier to kd lower rarity .
if you ever driven lets say vencer a lot you probably noticed its quite easy to remove other players from race .
even tiny bump from merc is end of game for most .
also if you ever tried to kd maxed evo you probably found out that a you cant and b you accidentally crashed yourself .
which comes to rating thats simple 4 digits where higher takes cake .
when its similar then its about class higher class gets some bonus invisible kd rating or rarity .
when difference in all this is really stacked against you then you cant kd enemy car and on top of that you might actually crash yourself while trying enemy car simply is like immobile obstacle crashing you instead .
there are some odd things where it just doesnt work .
namely bugatti is sorta bugged and very easy to crash with everything same goes for trion .
recently i landed with 3,4k car somewhere around nearly full bugatti and he got kd .
or i gently brushed 4,4k trion with my vette and poor guy got exploded .
cause for these two it was like nothing above worked .
there are other special cases like laferrari or fxx which due aerodynamics might instead of being crashed just allow you to jump over them without them being harmed .
better car you have easier it is to crash others and not get kded .
also could be called full retard system '' cause thats what it is .
this is just hidden bonus to make it as stupid and unfair as it possibly can be .
list of conventions has been move a new wiki page https old.reddit.com/r/cosplay/wiki/cosplay_conventions .
if you would like to have one added post a comment with information and i will add it to the list .
note we are starting to see some large events cancel due to the covid-19 outbreak .
if you are aware of a cancelation of a cosplay event please let us know here and we will note it
okay so this was a year ago but it still bothers me .
my family 's not sexist and i think that 's why it bugs me so much .
so last year my aunt and uncle hosted christmas cool .
then we were opening gifts and my aunt said okay then after we finish opening gifts all the women come to the kitchen to help finish preparing dinner .
i have no issues with helping out it was the all the women '' part of it like what about the men are there hands suddenly broken ?
i obviously could n't say that because it would be rude .
that 's what happened too all the women and my cousin male helped in the kitchen while all the men sat on their asses drinking beer .
i 'm not going this year and not gon na lie that 's part of the reason .
all the women '' bleh could have easily been hey then everyone can help finish dinner in the kitchen they have a huge kitchen .
maybe i 'm to angry over this and overthinking it .
so i 'm typically not the kind of person to be super nervous about anything in this nature .
but obviously pokémon has meant a lot to me and assuming they will be releasing the dp remakes possibly even next year with how fast paced their releases have been make me so nervous for the dp remakes .
they were my first pokémon games and the amount of memories i 've had with them as a child are so special .
i remmeber looking up on youtube peoples crazy stories and theories about the old chateau and looking up strategies .
i remember all the memories i have messing around with action replay because i really wanted to get the darkrai and shaymin event that i missed .
it 's been so hard to admit that pokémon has its numerous flaws as of late .
i love pokémon so much so finally admitting that yes the games are not in a good state right now was tough .
so with the state of sword/shield i 'm absolutely a nervous wreck just thinking about the dp remakes coming out in this point in time .
i would be extremely heartbroken to see my favorite and first games be treated as nothing more than a cheap cash grab with little effort .
i wish companies would realize how much these stories and creatures mean to us .
i really want to believe that maybe the remakes will somehow be fantastic .
i only imagine more megas not coming back the world of sinnoh being reduced to linear and simple paths .
i imagine dialga and palkia being gigantimaxed never seeing the primal forms we all want to see .
i imagine team galactic be simplified i imagine all the towns in the game i love losing their unique atmosphere .
i really want these remakes to be treated well .
i can only imagine how the ruby/sapphire fans felt when oras was released with its lack of features .
i would have rather had the remakes occur around the 3ds era at this point honestly .
i feel this is the worst gen for the remakes to happen and i 'm scared only more features that made the originals great will be removed .
i totally understand that pokémon is meant for kids .
but the original diamond and pearl were also meant for kids and look how amazing they were !
i had so much fun and the key difference from the sw/sh is that i can still enjoy them just the same as an adult .
i think that 's what made the games special .
they put in effort and were still catered to kids without sacrificing their timeless gameplay characters and story .
i feel now that pokémon has become even more iconic than ever the games have been treated as simply glorified merchandise .
please please please make good remakes of these games .
so many people had memories and while no remake can ever be perfect i at least want to see more content and effort put in ... i will continue to be crossing my fingers hoping for a solid dp remake .
despite the controversies of sw/sh i have a little bit of hope that the dp remakes at least can be decent enough .
get a 100 bonus when you create a varo money® account and fund it with 200 via direct deposit within 45 days .
varo pays out the bonus within 1 week after account is funded with 200 or more .
if for some reason you do not receive your bonus after the requirements are met pm me with your name and email in which you signed up with .
last week while walking my dog off leash at a state park this is allowed as long as your dog listens we came across a deer and my dog took off running after it .
she usually comes when called but this time she was in the chase and completely ignored me .
i lost sight of her and spent 45 minutes walking around calling for her .
she found her way back to the car somehow and waited for me until i came back .
when i saw her i was so relieved that i just hugged her and did n't really address what happened ... not sure if it was even possible to at that point .
about an hour ago we just got back from the pet store .
i went to let her out of the car and when i did she leaped pass me and took off running into the neighborhood .
it does n't matter that every other time she goes straight from the car to the front door .
i should have leashed her before opening the door .
i 've notified several of my neighbors about her and they are helping me search for her .
i have called the local humane society in case she gets picked up and brought in .
my question is how do i deal with her if she returns on her own ?
so i 've been putting off buying the boxed set since i find retarded that they included just 3 of the 5 novels ...
i already own and love the first 2 books of short stories i suppose the publisher will make a second set with the other 2 novels and the new standalone book season of storms https www.amazon.com/dp/0316438979 https www.amazon.com/dp/0316438979
either way i will buy this set at this crazy good price and i wanted to let you guys know .
if you wan na know a little more about andrzej sapkowski 's amazing work without accidental spoilers check wikipedia https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the\_witcher https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_witcher
i 've run across a bug in gnome screenshot when the screen is scaled in display settings to 200 e.g .
when selecting to screen shot the active window only the upper left corner on the screen is included .
selecting a region or capturing the entire screen works as expected .
i have asked in r/gnome and this has been fixed in later versions of gnome .
how can i best report this to the debian team so it can be considered for a backported fix ?
i was unable to find a bug report so i suppose the fix was performed due to normal testing and may not have been reported .
you might find something you enjoy you never know .
please give my channel a view and sub if you have chance !
so just as the title says i am a 27 year old mother of 3 children .
i have been a single mother for almost 3 years now .
i started dating my bf about 2 months ago .
and things have moved kind of fast but i have honestly never felt this way about anyone .
my children and i have lived with my mother for the last 2 years .
i could not raise 3 kids on my own and pay for an apartment and childcare .
so she agreed to let us stay there rent free .
now like i said i have been dating my bf for the last 2 months but things feel just really right !
he is 6 years older than i and just really has his stuff together .
he is a great man works hard and actually cares about my children 's well being .
asks about them all the time all that good stuff .
well a few weeks ago my parents went out of town .
during that time i took my kids with me to my boyfriends house for a bbq .
the kids liked him but they mostly like his dogs but it was a great night !
well my parents get back and one of my kids told them about it before i had the chance to .
told me how irresponsible i was and all this other stuff .
in the last 3 years that i have been a single mom '' i have introduced my kids to one man .
me and him were kind of off and on for a year and a half .
so i do n't have parades of men in and out of my children 's life .
and i do n't go around making my kids believe that this person will be their new daddy either .
if i want to take them with me to do whatever i want as long as it is not putting them in danger i should be able to !
i am not shoving my kids off on anyone else .
i try to have them with me as much as possible .
and i would rather know that my kids do n't like a person that i am getting close to and could eventually end up being huge part of their lives .
now i know we live with them but they should not have so much influence on the things i do with my children .
so another event came up that i wanted to take my kids to and my mom had my oldest with her that day .
i told her i was picking up the youngest 2 and i was coming to get the oldest and were were going to the bf 's house for a few hours .
she told me why do n't you just drop all the kids off with me and you go by yourself ?
i do n't want them around him because i do n't know him . ''
you should know that i am a good enough judge of character to not put my kids in a bad situation or in any kind of danger .
so i ended up ditching my plans with him because my mom made me feel guilty about the whole situation and i stayed at home with my kids .
but this has now caused me and my bf to not have a whole lot of time together because my mom wont let me take my kids with me but also wont watch my kids for me to go see him .
and when i say she wont let me '' she told me that i could do whatever i want '' but when she says that i know there are going to be repercussions of my actions from her .
she will make me feel like i am a horrible mother and that i am not doing right by my kids .
and she will break me down as she has done so so many other times when i made a decision she did n't particularly agree with .
i do n't exactly know how to approach this with her .
i know she would n't kick me and my kids out or anything for doing something she did n't agree with but she would make my life a living hell .
we are looking for casual active and fun people to join our ranks .
the game is mostly about play the way you want '' and we 'd like to keep it that way .
we keep the guild fairly small about 50 members since we prefer quality over quantity .
we use discord for communication planning events and to post all guild related info .
therefore discord is a requirement to join and stay in guild .
i 'm sure this question has been asked a dozen times but i 'm looking to buy a pen press i 'm just not happy with my woodworkers vise anymore .
i have a 20 off coupon for rockler but the vise they carry doesnt appeal to me at all .
hoping someone has some input on a well tested pen press .
ats nobility is the best project at sector 4 noida extension .
ats homekraft nobility offers 3 bhk apartments only with all type felicities and offers discount book now .
i 'm teaching myself python3 on codeacademy and i 've gotten stuck on this question i do not understand the point of indexing lists and what scenario you could index a list and also the various way you could go about indexing a list i 've attached the question i 'm stuck on can someone please explain to me in simple terms how to answer this question and why you answered the question the way you did .
not sure if anyone else is having issues but any time i go into the game the mouse works fine in the menu but as soon as i load into the game my mouse starts flickering on and off and does n't work at all .
then my keyboard basically stops working and i have no control over my pc .
i have put in a support ticket and have gotten absolutely zero help so i was hoping some people on here would be able to help or at least some have the same issue .
i have played almost none of this game since launch because of this and i 'm starting to get quite irritated that this issue is n't resolved or at least talked about .
not one other game not even gta 5 did i have these issues and i just spent 60 on a game that basically bricks my pc for 5 minutes .
any help or at least discussion of this would be great i know others have had this issue as i 've posted in the megathread a few times .
first time poster here looking forward to sell my htc vive controllers in anticipation of the valve index controllers and i wish to sell them at a reasonable price compared to htc 's website
my asking price is 120 euro for one pair of controllers with chargers shipping being paid from buyer .
this sub exists for photographers of all levels to share their work with fellow photographers and photography enthusiasts .
because it is a place to share creative works we have some guidelines so that it does not become a place where people dump photos and run .
there should be no gear listed no karmawhoring stories and no commentary like my first post ! ''
social media and website links are strictly forbidden from your titles .
you may put this information in your requisite top-level comment or your user flair .
on new reddit you should add your flair before posting .
you can choose from feedback wanted '' or no feedback . ''
adding flair on new reddit https imgur.com/a/vqx2s4o if you are posting from old reddit you will add the flair after the photo has successfully posted .
after the photo has successfully posted you must add a top-level comment with information about the photo what is a 'top-level ' comment ? https www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/comments/41vmzx/whats_a_top_level_comment .
we are not looking for you to provide your just gear and settings .
we are looking for information on why and how you took the photo .
this could be as detailed as lighting set-ups inspiration your full process or it could be as simple as something like the light was hitting the subject beautifully and i wanted to capture that so i angled up on the subject . ''
here is an example of a quality comment https www.reddit.com/r/photographs/comments/b5o0r8/sunset_over_montmartre/ejeok6y .
any posts which do not follow these simple steps will be removed .
sometimes mods miss something so if you see a post not following the rules please use the report function .
original content only you may only post photos which you as the photographer have taken .
if you are the model it was taken by a friend/family member etc .
please note that every element must be your original .
any element which has elements sourced from someone else will be removed .
no unsolicited feedback if a poster does not explicitly ask for feedback please refrain from providing it .
some people just want to share their work without critique .
for the full list of the rules click here .
also since it may not be clear here is how to add user flair
they just do n't know i have changed since i study at a faraway school what do i do to prove that i 've changed ?
seems they want to badly to be the bestest places in downtown which it is n't .
just another reason as to why the director in this place should be removed and have someone who actually cares about a public library than pandering to homeless and make herself a hero of sorts .
if she wants so badly to help such people she should make her own campaign in aiding such at actual homeless shelters not in a public library .
so far i have not even heard of her visiting any homeless shelter or even volunteering just using this building and even goading other branches to do so which further my suspicions on doing it for her own interest rather than anything else .
i had already posted about my experiences with such individuals which includes them bringing in knives into the building to attack patrons as well as huge packages of crap they carry over inside .
the director could care less about such things and the safety of patrons but i am still wondering why anyone would back her up on this .
the building itself is already riddled with rude discriminating and even racist employees who would look at you with indifference as well as acting rude in a variety of ways .
while the director would had paid attention to such unruly behavior and she has failed as she did nothing when said employees and security guard attacked me at a branch she would get triggered as soon as someone complains about such homeless who also bring problems to the whole .
i wonder if feeding her ego is more important than taking action in keeping such places safe .
i hope she gets replaced overall with someone with a whole lot reasoning and logic and who does not care about their selfish agendas .
silencing people for stating their views on a public place is not right .
this is the logic that allows the tip/base pay manipulation we saw in the opm to continue .
they can adjust the base pay to what ever they want .
and say it 's due to desirability and not customer tips .
i have no argument i just want the karma when reddit does that swing thing where it says something 's complete garbage and then someone comes through and says it 's not and thanks valve .
through a perfect storm of a sucky childhood ballet was n't really a possibility .
at 20 years old now i 'll be able to start in a beginner class after new year 's and i 'm so frickin happy ! !
i know ballet is one of those things people usually tell you to start early .
i might be older not as flexible as a 10 year old not super in shape but who cares !
im more targetting those who go out of their way to deter others from buying .
those individuals are self-righteous with a holier than thou stance .
some people need/want dogs that fit their lifestyles with less of a chance of trauma which some new owners are n't equipped to deal with from a shelter dogs .
there are professional breeders out there who are excellent .
they give the puppies proper training health checks return policies they 'll raise the dog themselves and given so much love .
sometimes they do n't even flip a profit on adoptions .
backyard breeders are still horrible though and are adding to a huge problem .
here is the link banggood hubsan h117s zino drone rtf three batteries bag https couponsfromchina.com/go/kh
the average price for one item currently is 312.02 and the lowest in my database is 284.89 on 10.9.2019 .
of course if you want current coupons and e-mail price alerts for hubsan h117s zino drone rtf three batteries bag then you can just go to the couponsfromchina product page .
i 've been feeling better in general but realized that i did n't get much done+felt like crap on days i would partake in pmo .
i 'm hoping nofap could help me not be so horny all the time .
i 'm trying to better myself and would like to focus my thoughts/effort into that .
i do n't want to constantly think about sex .
emotional eating online shopping and pmo are habits i want to break .
those were just temporary fixes that made me feel good for a fleeting moment .
i 'm worried though since i end up replacing one bad habit with another bad habit .
like when i deleted social media i ended up spending all my time on youtube instead .
i was already very tempted to break my one day streak when i woke up but i made sure i got out of bed to do something productive .
i 'm just not sure what to do when i 'm in bed trying to fall asleep .
i used to just rub one out then fall asleep right after .
now i 've just been watching youtube until my eyes ca n't stay open anymore.. which takes wayyyyy longer and now my sleep schedule is fucked .
i wanted to sext back but i knew i 'd end up breaking my streak .
when i 'm horny i try to talk myself out of nofap.. my reasoning is that i 'm trying to focus on myself and do n't wan na be seeing anyone so i might as well just pleasure myself instead of trying to get a bf or someone to hook up with .
i tried nofap before and let myself engage in casual sex but i just felt like shit about myself after each try .
it 's gon na be even harder to resist a meaningless hookup when i have n't been able to fap .
but i 'm determined to see if i can reap the benefits of nofap .
i broke down last night with the only think keeping me alive being skye i did what he wanted me to do .
i texted my mom i wanted to harm myself and now i 'm going to see a therapist in december ! !
here is the link banggood hubsan h117s zino drone rtf three batteries bag https couponsfromchina.com/go/kh
the average price for one item currently is 312.02 and the lowest in my database is 284.89 on 10.9.2019 .
of course if you want current coupons and e-mail price alerts for hubsan h117s zino drone rtf three batteries bag then you can just go to the couponsfromchina product page .
for the gamers in the group have you played the outer worlds ?
she 's a sweetheart and the first grey-ace representation i 've seen in any form of popular media especially video games .
if you 're a gamer and have n't played i encourage you to check it out !
here is the walmart black friday sale ends at what time https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2fwalmart-coupon-code 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcng_flqddnha-yjwkenlooerlxdqyq
it is absolutely the best option to find to the deals sales and ads of black friday of 2019 .
also you can discover coupon promo codes and and discount coupons at this page .
moreover there are cyber monday and thanksgiving deals sales and ads .
there is a top mount option that i 've never tried .
previous owner did n't include the original screws but did send over screws that can be used for top mount config if so desired .
i 've never tried topmount myself though as the softer landing of the gasket is more to my liking .
name badge was personalized for original owner as well .
zacian will trade my zamazenta for insurance that i will trade it back
also im willing to trade these back but if i could keep some to breed or evolve that would also be fine
can anyone post photos of antoni 's turkey mac and cheese recipe ?
i 'm making it for thanksgiving and left my cookbook at school .
i set up two medium engines going into a 2:1 and then 9:5 gearbox setup each box facing towards the engine .
when i make a test engine and spawn it flat on the ground it works perfectly .
however when i spawn the same boat in the water and start moving turning on the gearboxes inevitably kills the engine .
iii also activated 2fa via qr code as 3rd method
iv login via mail.tutanota.com https mail.tutanota.com '' always worked flawlessly asking yubikey after login .
i i have recently set-up a custom domain and logo .
ii upon login it then defaults to 2fa 6 digits code as a request with the additional message
your security key is not registered for this domain please login at https mail.tutanota.com https mail.tutanota.com ''
how do i get tutanota to have my security keys activated for the new custom domain as well ?
going back to login settings under second factor authentication there seems to be nothing specific to link the security keys yubikeys to the new custom domain .
i would just be repeating what i already did not knowing how to have the security keys point also register the existence of the new custom domain .
nothing in the faq that i could find on the subject .
i know tuta staff is super diligent answering on this thread .
my international grocery has two aisles of filipino groceries so i am fairly confident between it and mail order i can find authentic ingredients .
how would you compare the lifestyle of arlington tx to plano tx from an indian and pakistani standpoint ?
i have an offer for a job from these places and want to move my family there .
its night i 'm on 90 ug of lsd i plan on watching the office .
what if the deep sea that aldrich dreamt of while devouring dark sun gwyndolin is the sea where you fight the orphan of kos in bloodborne ?
my husband and i were playing settlers of catan at a friend 's house .
standard game we all know how to play we are playing the 6 player expansion version .
they have come up with some ridiculous house rules that i thought i 'd share here .
some of these rules they swore were in the rule book spoiler alert they are n't .
you can not place your first house on a port at the beginning of the game .
you must immediately play all victory point development cards .
trades in advance but these are legally binding and must be fulfilled .
once you reach 7 victory points you can not make any trades .
it 's possible to tell total victory points because you 've revealed all development cards immediately .
if another player plays the monopoly development card and you do not have that resource you must show everyone all of your cards to prove you do n't have the resource .
if two players both are trying to make the same trade with you you must choose the player who first said they wanted to trade .
when a 7 is rolled on the dice you throw away cards if you have 7 cards you throw away half and round up official rules state you round down .
eta when we asked for the rule book they conveniently lost the book .
i think i 'll print them one from the official game website and email it for christmas .
i realize that it 's highly unlikely but where would a noura win rank among winners ?
she is so different and out there that it seems so hard to judge her .
she would be such a different character than anyone we are used to seeing win .
you can draw some comparisons to nearly every other member of the cast as far as winning styles but she 's a class of her own .
so hypothetically where could she rank if she went on to win and how would you compare her to others ?
i 'm looking for an artist to do a simple work for a character i 've been working on .
subject vitalized incandescent artifice liquid v.i.a.l is a genderless and featureless human shaped being made entirely out of swirling colours .
originally created by a powerful artisan wizard vial assisted in creating some of the worlds most historic artworks .
it would follow the artists instructions to the letter .
however the vessel containing this creation has recently surfaced and due to the unique nature of the being it will follow any instruction given to it .
a string of targeted killings has occurred using subject vial .
witnesses have reported a liquid form of colours coalescing into the shape of a person it murders .
looking for colours like the art provided coming together to form a featureless human shape .
three months ago i was all like yeah i 'll just cancel it when it 's up .
do you serve everything in tin cups around here ?
if i fall into a food coma do n't save me
have a great night everyone remember to sort by new
is it better to stretch my body part the night before i do resistance work on it or on the night after the workout ?
night right after increase blood flow reduce post workout tightness better recovery
my weight is 55kg are 5 risine seeds enough to kill myself ?
hello everyone i am looking for some advice particularly surrounding getting yourself to practice an instrument mine specifically is guitar .
i love guitar to the point where i think i might like to try to make it a career in the future but even though i do enjoy it i still have the inscrutable issue of being unable to get myself '' to practice .
some of it is just being busy i am a university student so i have a lot going on but i have tried some other methods most recently i am in an ensemble band class '' which i entered to have accountability but i still barely practice but nothing seems to work and everything makes me feel super guilty and upset with myself over it .
i was only diagnosed with adhd about a year ago and with the diagnosis this struggle made a lot more sense but i am still unsure how to tackle it and many of the things i have read do n't really apply to me as they generally seem to be directed at parents trying to help young children .
does anyone know any strategies that might help me be able to practice ?
i have very large breasts and they 're breaking out more and more lately .
i 've started a job that requires a lot of manual labor so i 'm sweating more and i 'm breaking out all over .
some of these pimples are seriously big and i am so embarrassed to be naked in front of my husband at this point ... what 's the best way to keep this area as clean as possible and help my bumps go away
where does all the information that we have regarding cesar 's assassination come from ?
i know that the romans were fairly ahead of their time when it comes to record keeping but is a lot of this written or is it word of mouth ?
i m24 have been talking to this girl f24 for about two months now .
every day that we both have off we spend all day with each other and have had a blast .
i really like this girl and have n't felt this way in a long time about anyone .
i 'm a very guarded person and i 've opened up to her a good bit .
however last weekend she took a trip north with this guy that she had met about a month before we started talking .
they went to one of his family members weddings and spent about 4 days there .
the day she came back she sent me a message asking if i would be okay with her dating someone else .
that broke me i talked to her about it and told her that her happiness was all that mattered .
she told me that she had pretty much made up her mind and was leaning more towards the other guy .
the next day she said that she had never made a decision and did n't know who too chose .
i hung out with her a day or two afterwards and talked to her about it .
she says she does n't want anyone to get hurt and she listed off all the things she liked about the other guy but would n't list anything about myself .
today however she 's said she 's not worried about it anymore and will decide when she decides .
i feel as if she 's already decided and is just scared to tell me .
she is much more withdrawn physically from me wo n't hug or anything for that matter .
by playing along the normal story my pokémon 's evs are all over the place even though they 're fully trained up .
is it strictly berries that will work or will getting them to 100 and hyper training overwrite the incorrect evs ?
i really wish there was a competitive pokemon hack '' maybe there is and i just do n't know about it .
women would be ideal but open to talking to men as well .
i like talking to older people too over 30 .
if you 're a mom or dad it is a big bonus too .
i want to talk about situations you have been naked in family college party locker room bathroom at home and more !
if you have been naked in a group setting i 'd like to hear about it .
'' eventually one day somebody will pray for a miracle pray for something to save them to whatever gods are nearby .
and that prayer will be answered because you 'll show up .
that 's how it works that 's what a champion is .
the day after the raven queen ascended three of her champions were given the task of dealing with one of the heroes of the war and his body could not be maintained within a city for reasons that are lost .
these three champions were named clay stone and dust .
stone said that they should give him to the air so that the beasts of the realm may carry his memory .
clay said that they should give him to the earth that what grows from him will be a monument to his glory .
dust said that they should give him to the fire that from the ashes great works would arise .
and they prayed to the raven queen for guidance in these early days and the raven queen eventually answered .
she said that she had already taken what belonged to her and that these three champions were to find the wildmother and ask her guidance for what to do with what was left .
they traveled far into the woods and waited for their visions and eventually she spoke to each of them in turn .
she told stone that he should take the limbs of this hero and walk the plains until he found an oasis in a red and gold veined cave and that beasts would gather there that he would feed the limbs of this hero to the beasts that would water there and upon that site would be a menagerie with creatures that would be a gift to the changebringer from the wildmother to remind her that nature is infinite .
clay entered into a forest until he found a spring of water surrounded by crystalline stone .
and there he should put the head of the hero that upon that site will be a garden whose flora shall be a gift to the archeart to remind her that nature is beautiful .
and then dust took all that was left and walked into the mountains to the north found a cave with a black onyx pool of fire and magma and was told to burn what remained that the ashes would be mixed into the brick and ink and steel and everything that is made there will hold that hero 's mark in this kiln would be the creations as a gift to the allhammer to remind him that nature is the origin of material .
and these three families have guarded and accepted the dead for all this time in these three temples .
caduceus clay https i.imgur.com/rouk1hw.jpg has for all his life been a caretaker of the sanctuary and graveyard called the blooming grove but in recent times a strange plague has begun to impact the forest surrounding the grove .
fearing for the wellbeing of this holy site each of caduceus ' brothers and sisters left home to search for a solution .
caduceus was the last one to leave waiting for a sign that he should go out as well .
and he found his sign when a group of adventurers having just lost someone dear to them came to the blooming grove seeking his aid .
feats marked in bold are from officially produced but dubiously canon animation .
amulet of proof against detection and location https roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/amulet 20of 20proof 20against 20detection 20and 20location content
periapt of wound closure https roll20.net/compendium/dnd5e/periapt 20of 20wound 20closure content
takes a hit from a blast of water that could send him flying back 20 feet .
in a cavern and hit by a fireball that singes the surrounding rock .
takes several punches to the head from beau who was trying to knock him out .
beau is strong enough to smash a gnoll 's head to pulp .
skids on the surface of lava though was protected slightly by protection from energy .
gets full-body slammed and knocked out of the air by a large statue though one constructed in cognouza giving it questionable material .
stops a dozen zombies in their tracks with a wave of energy covering them with fungus and mushroom .
sets a dying person to start rotting speeding up the death process .
able to begin the process of rotting away demonic bodies from another plane of existence .
sets a pit of bones and corpses to start rotting .
causes a decapitated head to decompose to the point where reanimated it could no longer talk properly .
causes a large creature https i.imgur.com/sl3tflb.png to wither and dehydrate to the point of its softer parts turning to dust without hurting veth who was currently in its stomach .
starts spreading decomposition across a city trapped in another plane of existence .
drains the life force from an enemy and heals himself with vampiric touch .
kills a couple of gloom stalkers by eating away at their flesh with radiant insects .
lifts two deep scions off their feet one of whom was grappling yasha and skeletonizes them .
closes and heals up a wound from a crossbow bolt .
heals beau after being more or less flash frozen .
closes up an axe wound to the back of the head .
cures a tropical disease in beau over the course of a few hours .
completely closes up several stab wounds in an instant .
sets and then heals up a broken leg from a man who jumped from the crow 's nest of a ship good as new .
heals nott from a toxin that paralyzed her body and caused it to lock up .
burns the poison out of a person 's system .
with jester 's help heals caleb after he was stabbed in the lower throat .
restores two of his family members who had been turned to stone .
refeathers a bird after a strong blast of wind defeathered it .
brings back both fjord and orly from the brink of death .
brings a child back shortly after he had burned to death also healing his burned skin .
removes a cursed object of power from fjord 's body which had been absorbed into him .
heals a person who 's memory had been removed via magic .
is able to keep a person in this case himself up and conscious past a hit that would 've ko 'd him with death ward .
is able to double the damage done to a target .
renders a magical flame spewer useless with dispel magic .
removes a mind controlling brand from the back of yasha 's neck .
causes all the doors on a ship to slam open .
shakes off the effect of a harpy 's hypnotic song with calm emotions .
it 's also good for calming people in tense situations .
can sense the presence of undead with eyes of the grave .
able to create food and water with create food and water to be able to spend as much time at sea as need be .
briefly causes a three-mast pirate ship to go at speedboat speeds with control water .
creates a whirpool in the water that slows down a 40 foot dragon turtle .
expulses a ghost attempting to possess beau with turn undead .
explodes and disintegrates though not immediately a horde of zombies with turn undead .
allows the group to shoot to the surface of the water from the bottom of the ocean in seconds and then stand on the water 's surface like it was ground .
melds into a stone wall can not move within the stone but uses it to avoid being on fire .
collapses a 10 foot wide tunnel with 5 feet of stone .
can infuse a weapon with holy magic including beau 's fists .
can track a person 's general location granted that he already knows about them with locate creature .
can use locate object to track a nearby object even up to an object which has had its essence absorbed into a person .
can learn about the history of objects with legend lore .
is able to sense the source and identify magical sources .
creates a sphere of silence to stop the laughing hand 's laughter .
gives beau the ability to see beneath magical disguises and secret passages .
gives himself protection from energy which protects him from the cold of being 100 feet beneath freezing water .
allows beau to continue running at her full speed even when she 's been magically slowed with freedom of movement .
can teleport instantly to a preset temple of the wildmother with word of recall .
is very perceptive of his surroundings immediately notices an almost imperceptible cache .
able to immediately discern the hidden emotions and motivations of a man he just met .
able to spot a 6 foot sea turtle under the ocean water in the wake of a boat going full speed .
can talk to plants https www.reddit.com/r/themightybox/comments/ccjhlh/cr2/ewxb57b and animals https www.reddit.com/r/themightybox/comments/ccjhlh/cr2/euxmxx2 though can not understand them in return .
keeps a swarm of flesh-eating beetles in his staff .
the beetles bite through the hide of a creature with a rock shell surrounding its body that was able to partially deflect slashes from fjord and completely deflected a bullet .
blocking an attack with his shield causes the attacker to take a blow that sends them flying back 20 feet .
sends a doppelganger flying back hard enough to shatter a floor-to-ceiling mirror .
blasts a large but heavily injured creature with a crustacean-like exoskeleton to chunks .
can ask the wild mother for information about people https www.reddit.com/r/themightybox/comments/ccjhlh/cr2/exd3ayw places and events .
the wild mother shows him a vision of the origin of a creature from another plane of existence though this is rare to the point of being comparable to a miracle .
in a similar circumstance because this happens an odd amount around caduceus he was able to return a lost soul fragment back to it 's body several minutes after death .
guys in gold fever can we get wands while attacking dungeons ?
with having published myriads of reports for global clients future market insights exhibits its expertise in the market research field .
our dedicated crew of professionals ride the wave of advanced technologies such as artificial intelligence and big data analytics to project the adoption pattern and consumption trends regarding the market .
a three-step quality check process data collection triangulation and validation – is paramount while assuring the authenticity of the information captured .
the latest business intelligence study by fmi suggests that the global market size of coating additives market reached us 8,851 mn in 2022 with a cagr of 4.8 from 2017 to 2022 forecast period .
the research study focuses on the drivers restraints opportunities and trends impacting the coating additives market .
request sample copy of this report https www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-275 https www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-275
all the relevant vendors running in the coating additives market are examined based on market share and product footprint .
key players include ashland global holdings inc. asahi glass co. ltd. evonik industries ag lonza group ag akzo nobel nv arkema sa. basf se and others
purchase reports by today to avail discount offer ! ! !
the coating additives market research also takes into account the important countries that hold significant share in the respective regions .
get full access of the report https www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/coating-additives-market https www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/coating-additives-market
what does the coating additives market research holds for the readers ?
market segmentation assessment including qualitative and quantitative research depicting the impact of economic and non-economic factors .
breakdown of each coating additives market player as per mergers acquisitions r d projects and product launches .
leading regions holding significant share in the global coating additives market alongwith the key countries .
critical study of each coating additives market manufacturer such as market share regional footprint and product innovations .
the coating additives market research clears away the following queries
why region holds the largest share in the coating additives market over the forecast period ?
why are stakeholders shifting away from conventional methods for manufacturing coating additives market ?
in which year the global coating additives market has the lowest y-o-y growth rate ?
at what rate has the global coating additives market been growing throughout the historic period 2012-2016 ?
by end use segment which segment currently leads the global coating additives market ?
the redhead huffs idly planting a kiss to to the pale smooth skin of the other girl 's thigh .
you always win wonder-girl this is just-you must be cheating ! ''
her huff blows warm air across a pale sack cradling eagerly productive nuts .
she states calmly as her erection throbs idly in the air .
comes a little mumble while asuka 's hands slide up and spread those pretty legs as she plants a kiss to the winner 's sack .
she murmured giving one of the orbs a small suck before spitting it out to speak .
and i 've not even gotten a handy in return ! ''
she pouted as she drew her tongue across the join between cock and sack .
you have never asked.. '' comes a murmur from the red-eyed girl .
asuka made an irritated noise as she slurped at the side of the shaft .
her own length throbbed between her thighs as she slid her tongue across the underside of rei 's length .
rei said without a hint of smug but a small smile on her face nonetheless as well as a faint pink to her cheeks .
she hissed before planting a kiss to the fat pink tip .
rei groans a little delight on her normally stoic face .
just because your-schwanz is bigger than mine and your-score somehow always jumps just in time to get this-fucking blowjob . ''
despite her anger she was delicate and eager when her lips descended down the first few inches of rei 's shaft cheeks hollowing and tongue stroking at all those sensitive spots she 'd learned the doll had .
she mumbled around rei 's cock even as a hand came to rest in her long well maintained crimson hair jostling her nerve-clips .
rei murmured with a little moan as asuka started to bob her head one of the girl 's manicured hands coming up to cradle rei 's heavy nuts .
it was a good day in rei 's dingy concrete apartment .
in the prompt i 've got them set up as having a mild bet going back and forth with blowjobs as the prize and asuka poor asuka happens to have never won one !
from being smaller in endowment to being out-preformed in piloting the poor girl has yet to have another person so much as touch her !
obviously greatly au both characters are 18 have dicks and are ... perhaps a little more stable because of the weird totally not affection '' that 's been growing between them !
i 'd kinda like some unintentional '' size-teasing or mild accidental boasting from rei to rile asuka up but do n't be overly mean !
as a note these two do n't have vaginas i prefer my futas the more 'shemale'-ey variety !
futa oral breastplay handjobs outercourse mutual virginity teasing cumplay lopsided pleasure receiving ala asuka 's sucking !
trying to remain vaguely in character for the characters potential cuckoldry mild embarrassment and size-differences in manhoods !
i 've got a few ideas to go for this but please bring your own !
i love to hear what other people find hot and incorporate kinks by them into the play !
please do n't send me chats reddit pm only !
guys and gals welcome so long as you play a rei with a rod and do n't mind getting your dick sucked !
open to m/futa futa/f any combo that has dongs really !
whats the diffrence between ssl g and e chanel strip ?
note the reddit redesign disables our shiny icons please visit from http old.reddit.com/r/acc .
friday at 12:00 pm vtech 24 virginia tech|at uva virginia 2.5 abc abc
saturday at 12:00 pm clemson 3 clemson|at southcarolina south carolina 27.5 espn espn
saturday at 12:00 pm georgia 4 georgia|at gtech georgia tech 28.5 abc abc
saturday at 12:00 pm louisville louisville|at kentucky kentucky 3 sec secn
saturday at 12:30 pm wakeforest wake forest|at syracuse syracuse 3.5 accn accn-x
saturday at 3:30 pm bc boston college|at pitt pittsburgh 9 accn accn
saturday at 3:30 pm miami miami|at duke duke 9 espn2 espn2
saturday at 4:00 pm notredame 16 notre dame|at stanford stanford 16.5 fox fox
saturday at 7:00 pm unc north carolina|at ncstate nc state 10 accn accn
saturday at 7:30 pm fsu florida state|at florida 11 florida 18 sec secn
this is the final week of the regular season !
next week we will have a thread for the various college conference championships and eventually a thread for the bowls .
every abc and espn game can be streamed on espn.com/watch .
http www.espn.com/watch accn-x refers to acc network extra and is primarily an online stream .
altcoin comedyheaven bcash to go up x1000 envisions it 's ceo https reddit.com//r/bitcoin/comments/e2w0qf
we 've been thinking about some possible changes to the way we tackle games but wanted to run it by the community first .
there are 2 options when it comes to the future of ready games and we 'd love it if you could vote for option a or option b
option a more repetition of good games '' less variety of new games that would have better performance and more refinement .
option b always new games independent of quality '' 3 new games each week as per usual that might have different levels of performance and refinement .
share your username and we will add 2 lives to your account on friday tomorrow as well .
so i started if 16:8 about 2 weeks ago .
i would have never thought i could even make it through the first day since my main issue is over eating and lack of control around food .
after the first week i noticed my appetite decreasing .
i was n't hungry at my normal eating time so i shortened the eating window a few hours .
now when i eat i try to include mostly vegetables leafy greens and proteins limiting carbs .
the problem is i get full pretty quickly which i 'm amazed at since i would eat soo much like multiple helpings and dessert/snacks right after .
when i log my meals mfp says i 'm not eating enough .
i 'm also working out so that 's a factor but even when i do n't i ca n't get to the goal of 1200 calories i get to about 800-900
part of me is proud that i even have this problem to begin with but i 've been reading that too little calories can actually deter weight loss .
should i add anything to my diet without increasing the food volume ?
i 'm really new to healthy eating so any tips would help .
an easy way to make them become valuable would be to add some sort of epic pack for like 10 million
got paired 5 times with 3 worker bees iii i 'm an elk v. 4 out of my 5 matches could 've ended up tie but no because someone wants to be a hero and do the save instead of escaping .
one could 've been a 3 escapee but no this enchantress followed the hunter in the hopes of saving me when i 'm instantly dead she got detention instead we have two remaining at the gate which is opened but these two was just running back and forth like thinking whether to save the enchantress or not bq uses her mirror and caught them off guard they all died .
i kited for the last 2 ciphers we need and they just threw the game like that sad .
last but not the least a match that could 've been a tie but this seer did not answer my portal we were both at each gate and we were opening it i summoned my portal just incase the hunter teleports in one of them .
but he did not freaking answer my portal i was opening the gate when the hunter comes after me .
while making my way to the other gate one of the walls on the church did not allow me to place a portal i got hit instead .
and the seer just left me did not even ping me anything .
sounds like music from an anime or from a japanese game soundtrack .
i just played 3s with the most toxic player i 've ever met .
the opposing team started off getting a kick-off goal and my m8 immediatly started spamming gg '' and what a save ! '' .
i told him to stop complaining and play and then he went off .
joined '' the opposite team within the first minute and started mocking me saying he was so much better .
i told him i would report him if he continued and then he started saying he did n't care cause nothing was going to happen anyway .
finally he started saying he wish my parents would die of cancer just so he could exhume my mom and shit down the throat of her corpse .
that 's literally what he said among other things .
i know it sounds ridiculous and of course he 's a troll but i was just really taken aback that something like this can go unpunished .
i just enjoy playing this game so much and was looking forward to playing after work but now i do n't think so .
the games i played afterward i just could n't stop thinking about what a shitty person he was and that ruined my performance and made my team mates lose a match they otherwise maybe would n't have .
i do n't think you psyonix really realize how much it affects the community that this happens .
i know it 's unrealistic with perm bans but maybe for a couple of weeks ?
i just do n't see why you have n't taken this initiative long ago .
i 've reported so many players like him not as bad though and many of them say the same
i saw a video couple months ago not sure if that is the release date it looked amateurish but not so bad that you would think it was taken with a nokia 3310 the guy that holds the camera is filming a girl that masturbates and slowly teases the guy with the camera .
i think they had a relationship like one of them is girl/boy friend of one of their friends or something like that .
eventually girl tells to guy to get naked or come here or something like that and she sucks him a little then carry on with it .
the whole video was probably shot in one room which was close to gray or at least dark tan color and she was on a grayish couch .
i remember somethings like guy holds the camera angle to various sides of the room and things like that and they talk the whole time even when the girl was masturbating alone and such .
i ordered my kit on monday and got shipping confirmation email the same day but all i got in it was an order number that i ca n't use to track my order .
it 's been 4 days and i have no idea where my order is or how to track it .
i am in sweden so the package should arrive in 2-4 days total .
i had gotten vr a when ago and a friend tried it and instantly bought one problem is we do n't know what games to try
the answer is what the narcissist offers to people by playing on their fears and making false promises .
he refuses to bow down to adam alayhi salaam because he believes his essential nature is better as is captured in many verses of the quran like this one
allah said 'what prevented you from prostrating when i commanded you ?
you created me from fire and created him from clay . ' ''
he deceives us as human beings by playing on our greatest weakness that there is some way we can circumvent what allah has decreed for us .
the satanic deception comes into play through the poverty illusion as voiced in this verse
shaytan threatens you with poverty and orders you to immorality while allah promises you forgiveness from him and bounty .
we do not need to resort to underhanded techniques to get ahead in life .
he makes us think that sin is the part of the path to worldly success .
he was able to fool our father adam alayhi salaam in this same manner by convincing him that life could be better than it is the poverty illusion through achieving immortality .
all adam alayhi salaam had to do was disobey allah to achieve this .
we know that the army of shaytan is comprised of both jinn and humans .
i am convinced that the human shayateen are what we would refer to as people diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder as well as the other cluster b '' diagnoses in psychiatry borderline and antisocial personality disorders .
this is done by first playing on their fears you want friends right ? ''
i mean how will you get ahead without my help ? ''
and then making promises of deliverance once the target does the narcissist 's bidding which is always immoral .
the secrecy fear mongering double speak of the narcissist simply can not exist in a society that does not prop him up .
in a society of true believers that know with certainty that their provision romantic financial social bodily is only from allah the deceptive tactics are destined to fail because they just wo n't work .
consider the example of vaccines and ironically anti-vaxxers are flourishing in an age of unprecedented narcissism .
we need enough believers who trust in allah first and foremost that the power of such deranged people is extremely limited .
she was taking questions so i asked her some easy ones first like how her day was and all that but then i asked her what the square root of 7 is and fucked up her whole day
then i went to work bc i feel so useless if i do n't do anything important '' .
i 've work this weekend and next time when i have freetime is 12/21
i have 17 ha corsola breejects that need to go to a good hole for the holidays .
i 'll be on for about 30 min to send these out .
if any of you happen to have a darumaka with its ha that would be nice but if not that 's ok
this is my first giveaway so let 's see how it goes .
if you pm me i can message you when i 'm back .
sorry if i missed any of you i did n't have that many .
but i 'll be doing another set and some ha darumakas later on if you 're all interested .
i 'm employed on a temporary contract advertised as £9/hour and 21 hours/week .
i joined on november 4 and will have worked 84 hours so should be getting paid £756 .
however my company is giving me less than that on the grounds that i joined four days into the month .
however as i 've worked all the hours for four weeks ' work i do n't see how a pro rata amount can be fair when the only rate specified on my contract is an hourly one .
looking for zombie farm free app that has been removed from app store .
using ios 12.1.4 iphone xr with app sync unified .
any help finding it or tutorial links on this ?
groningen province used to be more thin and horizontally shaped than it is now which consequently means it did n't reach this far south .
the east of groningen now extends so far south now that it reaches the frisian-flevolandian border the region i was raised .
i was surprised to find this out and thought it was just a common misconception something i did n't pay enough attention to but i 'm a geography nerd and the whole province seems to be a bit thicker in general so when i found out me i realized this is probably one .
even moreso the extension of groningen southwards means that the eastern border of drenthe province right below groningen with the german state of niedersachsen is much shorter nowadays .
this was maybe even a bigger surprise to me when i first found this out the drenthe-niedersachsen border used to reach significantly more north of emmen now its not anymore because groningen starts there .
i once had a comment chain with a fellow dutchman me'er and he also recalls it
this evening i finally drawn a mapnrecreation of how i remember groningen https imgur.com/gallery/lpxyvu0 .
its not perfect for instance i also recall winschoten was north of groningen city but i ca n't exactly recall how it used to be at least this map shows how groningen used to be shaped and located on the southern border .
and for those who want to know here 's https www.topomania.net/sites/topomania.net/files/mapposters/groningen-friesland-en-drenthe 1280x1024 .png how groningen looks now .
no i do n't have the scrips to get giant crane fly and i would rather waste my time with red balloons and mooching to prove how dumb fishing is .
perfect conditions clear skies next one in over an hour real life time .
misses window entirely due to blue medusas and getting three more nqs with hooksets .
time to level an alt character while i wait for the next clear skies .
i 'm looking to get into drones and want to build one .
i 've been watching some videos about all the different parts and their roles and have developed a very basic understanding of building your own drone .
i 'm aiming for something i can just have some fun with fpv freestyle is what i think i want from the videos i 've seen .
i appreciate anyone answering one of my questions or all of them !
i want to build something like this compiled parts from misc youtubers such as uav drones and drone mesh and those banggood sale spreadsheets
stack|mamba f722s and 506 https www.banggood.com/mamba-f722s-betaflight-flight-controller-osd-59v-2a-bec-506-50a-3-6s-blheli\_32-dshot1200-fpv-racing-brushless-esc-for-rc-drone-p-1490805.html ? p=cs101558118042016088 utm\_campaign=mesh utm\_content=tanghao cur\_warehouse=usa https www.banggood.com/mamba-f722s-betaflight-flight-controller-osd-59v-2a-bec-506-50a-3-6s-blheli_32-dshot1200-fpv-racing-brushless-esc-for-rc-drone-p-1490805.html ? p=cs101558118042016088 utm_campaign=mesh utm_content=tanghao cur_warehouse=usa this is both the esc and the flight controller in one package ?
motors|racerstar racising edition 2205 2300 kv 2-4s https www.banggood.com/4x-racerstar-racing-edition-2205-br2205-2300kv-2-4s-brushless-motor-for-qav250-zmr250-rc-drone-fpv-racing-p-1066837.html ? p=cs101558118042016088 utm\_source=youtube utm\_medium=cussku utm\_campaign=mesh utm\_content=tanghao cur\_warehouse=usa https www.banggood.com/4x-racerstar-racing-edition-2205-br2205-2300kv-2-4s-brushless-motor-for-qav250-zmr250-rc-drone-fpv-racing-p-1066837.html ? p=cs101558118042016088 utm_source=youtube utm_medium=cussku utm_campaign=mesh utm_content=tanghao cur_warehouse=usa on sale for 26
camera|foxeer razer micro https www.banggood.com/foxeer-razer-micro-13-cmos-1\_8mm-lens-1200tvl-43169-ntscpal-switchable-fpv-camera-for-rc-drone-p-1578758.html ? p=cs101558118042016088 utm\_source=youtube utm\_medium=cussku utm\_campaign=mesh utm\_content=tanghao id=6269620530498 cur\_warehouse=usa https www.banggood.com/foxeer-razer-micro-13-cmos-1_8mm-lens-1200tvl-43169-ntscpal-switchable-fpv-camera-for-rc-drone-p-1578758.html ? p=cs101558118042016088 utm_source=youtube utm_medium=cussku utm_campaign=mesh utm_content=tanghao id=6269620530498 cur_warehouse=usa on sale for 15
props|racerstar tornado 5046 5x4.6 5 inch 3-blade propeller https www.banggood.com/4-pairs-racerstar-tornado-5046-5x4\_6-5-inch-3-blade-propeller-cw-ccw-for-rc-drone-fpv-racing-p-1598512.html ? p=cs101558118042016088 utm\_source=youtube utm\_medium=cussku utm\_campaign=mesh utm\_content=tanghao id=515405 cur\_warehouse=cn https www.banggood.com/4-pairs-racerstar-tornado-5046-5x4_6-5-inch-3-blade-propeller-cw-ccw-for-rc-drone-fpv-racing-p-1598512.html ? p=cs101558118042016088 utm_source=youtube utm_medium=cussku utm_campaign=mesh utm_content=tanghao id=515405 cur_warehouse=cn on sale for 2
antenna|realacc pagoda rhcp antenna 65mm 5.8g https www.banggood.com/realacc-pagoda-antenna-6\_5cm-65mm-5\_8g-5dbi-panel-plate-omni-directional-fpv-short-antenna-p-1174479.html ? utm\_campaign=5635792\_1001216 utm\_content=1081 p=cg24181822629201506n id=224523628 cur\_warehouse=cn https www.banggood.com/realacc-pagoda-antenna-6_5cm-65mm-5_8g-5dbi-panel-plate-omni-directional-fpv-short-antenna-p-1174479.html ? utm_campaign=5635792_1001216 utm_content=1081 p=cg24181822629201506n id=224523628 cur_warehouse=cn if i buy two of these will it work with the goggle thing i linked below ?
vtx|eachine nano vtx 5.8ghz https www.banggood.com/eachine-nano-vtx-5\_8ghz-48ch-25100200400mw-switchable-fpv-transmitter-support-osdpitmodeirc-tramp-for-rc-drone-tiny-whoop-p-1525228.html ? p=cs101558118042016088 utm\_source=youtube utm\_medium=cussku utm\_campaign=mesh utm\_content=tanghao cur\_warehouse=usa https www.banggood.com/eachine-nano-vtx-5_8ghz-48ch-25100200400mw-switchable-fpv-transmitter-support-osdpitmodeirc-tramp-for-rc-drone-tiny-whoop-p-1525228.html ? p=cs101558118042016088 utm_source=youtube utm_medium=cussku utm_campaign=mesh utm_content=tanghao cur_warehouse=usa on sale for 12
since i am just starting out i do not want to dump extra money into goggles .
for now i think i will just try out these really cheap and i 'm sure very crappy diy goggles https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=oopnkebdajw https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=oopnkebdajw .
if i find i really enjoy flying i will upgrade but i 'm keeping myself to a budget for now .
i 've seen some videos not show a receiver ?
is it built in to anything in my build ?
also does anybody have a recommendation for a relatively cheap beginner friendly transmitter ?
finally do i need anything else other than some battery connectors ?
i already have some of the hex drivers a sautering iron and wire strippers .
also i read something about a smoke stopper to save me from magic smoke ?
what should i look for in one of those ?
can i build my own cheaper than the 10 one i see on amazon ?
not sure what the tradeoffs are for size but i prioritize flight time over speed if that means anything .
is there a way for me to pull important creatures for my prowess monks out of the grave ?
if cards like soulfire grandmaster or monastery mentor do happen to end up in my grave yard .
is there any way for me to get them back into the fight ?
having trouble finding a way to do so just in case i am unable to protect them on the battlefield .
you would go in 1v1 with me and if you win auto join and if you lose i 'll see if you are skilled to see if you can still join
the grocery store i work at is thankfully closed on thanksgiving but we 're open for most of the other major holidays .
it 's really frustrating to hear customers say that .
they 're all buying their beer and burgers to go out to the lake and we 're here busting our butts to help them .
hearing them say it 's a shame we 're here is really disheartening .
i 've been playing on steam through new light for a while now and my friend who is a big destiny geek wants me to join his clan on ps4 so i can hop in on raids and stuff .
this is the black friday bundle ps4 too so i have last of us remastered in a physical case as well as download codes for dad god of war and horizon zero dawn complete edition .
and another friend says that titanfall 2 will be free to download next month off plus .
even though we are on a 8 game win streak i much preferred earlier in the season when we were good defensively .
these last few games without avery has been tough to watch especially on the defensive end .
i never would have thought an extended conversation about fish could be so filled with dread and unbearable tension .
getting rid of the inferior fleshy vessel to enter a world of bliss ?
that 's literally what about every religion ever promises when rl delivers on that sign me the fuck up .
for what its worth obama spent 12m more on total travel costs for his entire family for official and unofficial buisness over 8 years .
there 's nothing to explore everything is mapped out .
every inch of this planet is visible on google earth .
every landmark every scenic spot has been photographed thousands of times from every conceivable angle .
that said i do n't mind visiting another place .
i 've only really travelled within europe except for one trip but i do n't really know where to go next .
i 've been following this sub for a while this is the first post i 've seen that reflects a deep questioning of why we are addicted to buying makeup .
for me it is a problem because it consumes so much time and energy and it 's time energy and money wasted because it does n't get me any closer to feeling good about myself .
this post also reminded me of a book i bought about 10 years ago called shrink yourself by roger gould md .
it 's a psychotherapist 's guide to overcoming compulsive eating .
the essence of the book is that addictive behavior is a coping mechanism and that we must resolve the underlying problems in order to stop needing the coping mechanism .
it was actually too much for me at the time and i had to put it aside .
now 10 years down the road i can begin to see the root causes of the compulsive eating and obsessive/compulsive shopping .
i 've made progress in recent years but i still have more a lot more work to do .
not everyone can afford therapy so sometimes we must travel this road alone and just figure it out .
the solution may be to find the love you have for your plain flawed self and stop searching for the thing that 's going to make you feel worthy and whole .
or at least to understand that growth happens when we are not mindlessly filling ourselves up with one thing after another .
just to stop for a while and reflect can be a big step forward .
here are a few tips to minimize your risks when trading in let 's go pikachu/eevee !
most scammers place other users in private situations to avoid having their actions seen in public .
also note that for your trade to count for flair every part of the conversation should be public so that all details can be confirmed .
since another random player can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner is using it is important that you double check that you are trading with the right person .
if you are trading shiny pokémon please make sure that your post and other users ' offers contain the full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules .
this is to provide more visibility so you know how the pokémon you are trading for was obtained .
if you see any posts that do not have the full details please report it so that the moderators can be aware of the situation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
are we unable to save him from his woodenness ?
mostly to do with aging process any cuban you buy these days in my circles is suggested to sit for a year in your humidor at the minimum .
nothing can be done on the fermentation part but a little massaging can make it a little better .
imo cubans are not the best cigar you can smoke i would n't call them bad though .
i have n't had every cuban made but there are plenty of fine sticks out there .
from moment one of the pilot lynn has been terrible .
she is an idiot that always makes the worst decisions and is a clearly shitty person .
i do n't understand what jefferson sees in her and the show would be dramatically better without her in it .
yes you should because i 'm not reading anything longer than garen 's abilities
19 yrs old if that affects anything and i did put those into zwift .
and the vast majority of my childhood was riding bikes if that 's what you meant with being fit before hand .
i 've been into fitness and have had a relatively strict/healthy diet for about 2 years now .
the first 1.5 years had a main focus on powerlifting/bodyweight stuff .
and the only time i 've ever had flat windless conditions i was going about 24-27mph pretty sustainably .
road wasnt long enough to go for a full hour but the pace i kept very likely couldve though my road bike is pretty cheap 400 so idk how much that factors in .
i figured that a smart trainer power meter would be more accurate .
but im wondering how big is the margin of error between what i 'm using and that ?
my main goal was to verify that est 224w from strava bc i feel like that 's a really good starting point .
i screen recorded recorded the test if that might help with anything .
dry wall has something sweet that apparently dogs love once they chew it !
i recommend creat him while you are not home and get him tired by gave him a job i thought mine to hold and drop now i walk him and his job it 's to hold a stick that he is allowed to pick or one i choose but the whole job it 's to take it all the way home !
it 's not as polished as x3ap but i think its better .
my biggest concern is the fleet combat you do n't have quite the same effect as far as ship classes go .
but it 's definitely worth the price tag for an economic simulator regardless .
next to no combat not much variety in ships but the economy is there .
i think of x4 as a bigger and better helium rain .
i hope so too i also hope it comes with the new tire model
most of the northern area will be fallow within the next 3 to 5 decades and a massive amount of the sahel zone has already fallen fallow extremely expedited by old agriculture not fit for this many people subsistence on large scale over too little area in heavily stressed and damaged environment
there 's most likely also going to be war over a few of the water 'conservation ' projects that are going to keep downstream countries from getting enough water .
a third of all large rivers did n't manage to end in the ocean in the seventies already the time my 2000 school books were from i wonder how that number has changed since then i know that quite a few rather large lakes have completely vanished and even aral was n't the first to vanish .
i doubt the population trend will live up to 2050 because shit is going to hit the fan on a massive scale over basic necessities .
wow that 's a name you do n't see often nice work !
2nd person went for a save did n't realise he had insidious .
3rd person went for a save did n't realise he had insidious .
so i decided to go for a save too because there 's literally nothing else to do in the game other than go next lmao
he obviously could have foreseen negative consequences of his cheating .
are you trying to assuage your own guilt here ?
your comment about the response scaring you ... i feel the same way about you .
i dont even understand how someone could come to the conclusions you do .
i thought it was chris woods her current partner at first but the timeline does n't match i do n't think
lock screen me and my cousin+sister outside of some restaurant late night .
home me and my mom right after graduating high school .
i bought this one off ebay a few months back it 's a maurice stamped piece
does it show up shiny during the raid or only after the catch ?
this warriors team is so bad i cant even put it into words
34 is low for him i 'm surprised he did n't go for more as he was on fire in the first .
i hate how he draws fouls but he is seriously talented
i 've watched the video many times i even memorized the link
we definitely did n't see the ferry itself at the garage sale darn .
if the gunsmith returns the gun to anyone but the owner then the exemptions do n't apply .
sucks that the gunsmith either does n't know the law or does n't care .
i can help you out with anything you need if you have bird and dino fossils .
i was just saying to me it seems plausible that it 's staged .
i have no evidence other than hunches to be totally clear .
and the question was just to provide context about why i thought the blocking was odd .
build the second tie link with new brunswick and increase hydro power imports from quebec
in the low carbon scenario there is 200 mw of capacity available via interconnections to new brunswick based on the presumption that the second intertie will be built a project of both direct and indirect value in the decarbonization of the nova scotia grid 11 .
as noted in the method section imports via new brunswick are applied as needed in our analysis after nova scotia 's domestic renewable resources and power available through the maritime link have been fully utilized .
the flow of electricity via new brunswick therefore varies in the low carbon scenario from zero to 200 mw but averages 115 mw .
in terms of energy imports of power via the new brunswick intertie increase by 0.6 twh bringing the total to 1.0 twh in 2030 all of which is assumed to be a combination of renewable hydropower and wind power from hydro-quebec 's existing system .
the 1 twh of electricity from hydro-quebec is well within hydro-quebec 's existing generating and export capacity .
it represents 2.7 of hydro-quebec 's total 2018 export sales of 36.1 twh and less than half of one percent of hydro-quebec 's annual generation of more than 210 twh .
the eu is about to spend a whole bunch more on local police and military .
if i ever get a girlfriend i would just hold her and be happy to have someone .
it 's not much but i like simple stuff .
i thought for sure they would turn down my request .
his message is gone his last workout and was a stunt to get his hype back up to sell shoes and make money off people suffering .
he does n't want to come back if he did he would n't of move the workout that soon before it was going down with shitty atl traffic lol
i guess at least we 're spending some time in o-zone
most of it is damn near impossible as a solo survivor
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link karma and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
esh i 'm thinking less about what the father wanted vs. if the mother could have used the time to make peace on her deathbed .
this didnt start at the hospital he was excluded well before then and only found out via fb that she was on her deathbed .
did someone ask the mother then if she wanted to contact him ?
it 's hard to make this call when you 're unconscious on a deathbed .
even through the recent overshadowing bad moments and the discounting of he legally had to help he 's still married '' when he offers to help .
he was at least attempting to make a shitty situation work with someone who he may still consider to be a great friend .
you even mentioned how horrible he looks which is n't the act of someone who does n't care any more .
i do n't think that type of caring is one sided after over two decades of marriage .
it 's hard to be objective when you 're the son very closely tied to one side over another as well .
this is a moment that the mother never got to have .
ultimately it 's meaningless to call anyone a son of god '' because they also claim everyone is a child of god '' it 's a meaningless turn of phrase tossed around .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
this being down all the time until the 4th quarter thing is guaranteed to lose us a few games we should n't
this is the story about how the highest dps became the second highest dps last night .
depression for me is mostly trying to get by and trying to get out of stuff .
it 's also trying to share something real on reddit and being hounded for being ungrateful told to kill myself or just flooded with suicide hotline numbers .
i do not feel seen or known and when i do i feel worse .
so in luke 7:34 when they call jesus a winebibber they just mean the guy that 's going to clean out your caprisuns if you let him in your house
this is a place for republicans to discuss issues with other republicans .
out of respect for this sub 's main purpose we ask that unless you identify as republican that you refrain from commenting and leave the vote button alone https www.reddit.com/r/metarepublican/comments/5t017a/this_sub_is_for_republicans_if_you_do_not .
non republicans who come to our sub looking for a 'different perspective ' subvert that very perspective with their own views when they vote or comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/republican if you have any questions or concerns .
he was for the first half not in the assist column but he could n't get a shot off .
flip em over and u got a couple upside down l 's
maybe find one specific page or document that tells the story in order from start to finish .
edit i do n't know any myself but there 's bound to be some .
i had a pair of bic pl-980s and thought they were pretty fun .
at a subpixel level the tops do n't align perfectly ui designer
i hope you 'll get better at handling those i think i used to be pretty insecure myself when younger .
did n't do very well in a lot of areas .
oops that 's my 15 lb bag of flour and vinegar sorry .
i love keeping up with people in mid range sports cars with that thing in gta .
i think because it 's the easiest for me to replicate .
i play acoustic guitar but i do n't have one of those powerful pop voices .
i also feel like because they 're not going for mainstream it 's more genuine rather than sex sex sex current global issue sex .
you 're right i guess i should just do that instead of seeking solace here .
been eyeing these for myself but i never tried rw 's chukkas and i do n't know how they fit .
are they true to size or should one undersize these also ?
checkers are weakly solved by ab engines thus they ca n't win or lose against each other or any other player .
i did the same in high school started taking little things from people and small things from stores i had no need for .
the adrenaline was enough to keep me going ... almost got caught with a full bag of beauty products at kmart .
then someone i knew noticed i had her hair scrunchie and i hated the confrontation so i stopped
rocket league is only hopefully set to grow as an esport .
it has the potential to become the biggest as well .
going pro in any sport or esport requires sacrifice because the people who are prepared to become the best make sacrifices in their lives .
this is a decision for yourself to make would you rather make large sacrifices in your life social life possible education opportunites etc and risk it in becoming pro or would you rather play it safe have a good social life and go to uni etc .
i would try military surplus group/forum if you believe it 's a military patch maybe even a military surplus firearm group/forum because some of those collectors collect it all .
i think you 're still a bit young to appreciate it fully .
but your capacity to appreciate good manga and more generally good stories develops while reading good manga not reading crap .
in my opinion it 's the kind of manga whose enjoyment is decreased by binge-reading .
a lot of mangaka have a wide culture regarding comics across the world and regarding literature .
knowing and appreciating classics will make you love good manga even more the drawback mediocre manga wo n't be enjoyable anymore but it 's a small price to pay .
the bang in big bang is kind of a misnomer really .
it was more of a rapid expansion or something .
for 4 the players did n't demand an aplogy stream cvmax contacted griffin to talk to them and griffin management demanded an apology stream .
cvmax rejected and got in contact with the players anyway .
for the anonymous player that we all know is sword he reportedly told cvmax that the only reason doran chovy tarzan did n't say cvmax 's coaching was abusive was because they wanted to get fa status and cvmax would be useful at that point .
lmaoo imagine these hackers ai n't hacking shit they just have people in the inside
speed boots and id personally go double chest and gloves hp on main stats try to get speed/acc/hp on sub stats but def sub stat will do as well
skate 3 definitely until sessions gets released on xbox which could be anytime now
ok got a 4iv ha love ball sinistea if thats ok with you send me code when ready
lovely i 'm a solid 2 inches shorter than this guy
you 've mistaken me for someone that cares mr. astronot .
15k caps and 15k 556 pink asylum outfit 2 executioners explosive handmade 3 be fr pipe-bolt action rifle 2 bff gatling gun 2.5k lead
we spend money on a morally bankrupt insurance system .
the profits from which are ... 0.5 of healthcare spending .
keyword there ‘past ' funnily enough we are discussing the present ...
the fall to the dumpster below did n't kill him but parkour on trash day was a poor choice .
as jake felt his body contort in ways that he never thought he could bend the excruciating pain of being compacted caused him to black out .
jake woke up with a pounding headache on a heap of garbage .
realizing he was still in the dumpster his heart started racing .
he felt his thoughts getting smaller as if pushed to the back of his own mind much like the compacter did to his former body .
get out before the dump truck gives us a darwin award ! ''
nobody is dumb enough to not at least think that far ahead . ''
as he made his way down the road familiar shops and landmarks passed by yet the language seemed foreign .
how could he read and understand a language he 'd never seen before ?
y'know it weirded me out a bit at first too . ''
odd he swore the voice came from right next to him .
even more worrying was how his body kept moving when he clearly wanted to take his time to look for someone to ask a few questions .
good luck with that '' the voice spoke again this area is pretty much a ghost town at this time of day .
you 're a fresh death so i do n't expect it all to settle in right away .
you probably still think it was a bad dream .
tell you what this body actually made a decent attempt at parkour .
caught the ledge with his hands and somewhat gently fell to the dumpster by choice .
not sure how you went but the way our head is ringing i 'm sure you went splat ! ''
jake was so startled by the voice he did n't have the nerve to respond or cut it off .
when it set in that he actually just died he responded i landed in the dumpster !
the truck driver never checked the bins and unknowingly ... killed ... me . ''
the realization that it was n't a dream was made a little easier by the other voice .
yeah i 'd probably give you a hard time for going out the way you did but my death was not all that flattering either .
when you decided it was a funny idea to pee into the snake tank and the rattler did n't take kindly to that .
in my universe the best doctor was off for the day and second place just could n't cut it . ''
jake cringed at the memory mine had its venom sacs removed so it hurt like hell but did n't kill me .
how does me being dead explain any of this ?
well apparently it 's not all animals and babies and aliens but your soul 's self defense mechanism .
i did n't make it but this body did .
my soul is still alive and just sitting back seat to this universe 's version of me .
only difference is i can help persuade us to be a little more sensible in decision making .
never had a full on conversation before but i think he knows what i 'm thinking .
he could n't grasp the situation and went off the deep end .
not like souls have anywhere else to go . ''
tell your roommate sage cleanses and gets rid of bad and good energy it 's cleanses everything .
so you have to invite good things back in or it can backfire .
you cleanse and the you invite good i to your home so the bad ghosts vibes or whatever have no chance to come back .
and twice a day is much too often just once in a while you shoul cleanse or when you had a bad day and it just clings to you you shoul do it on yourself .
so in short cleanse with sage and invite good things into your house .
and you can burn other things after that attract good things like lavender or camomille .
i would suggest focusing on ottawa if you want to make sure to get there
i had tc when i was 20 24 now .
lost one have a surgery scar and a bunch of black scars on my stomach from my dog scratching me on a bleo week .
confidence is key-develop self esteem love yourself and move on .
i 've never had anyone notice or mention my one ball or my scars was never a factor unless i brought it up .
95 of people are much nicer than you would assume and would n't mention it unless it was a real problem .
get it out of your head is my best advice
my mom family and yes even former gfs what the heck no celebs or ppl i dont know personally btw
well yeah and they 'd probably run out of fuel before they even put a dent in a ship the size of an imperial navy vessel as well !
personally i like to think about a battle barge vs. a borg cube .
those things are ultra scary and badass in trek but i 'm pretty sure a battle barge would just ram it then disgorge a bunch of terminators .
it does n't take very long to level any skill to 20 .
imperial bow steel arrows can easily take out a wolf with the first damage perk .
plus the 30 extra starting health is a lot one hit on a bosmer can put him under 30 health where you get move speed penalties .
a nord would be fine he has enough health where he can live through a regular blow without dipping in the dangerous threshold power attacks will kill you regardless .
50 is barely enough to not get murdered by your friendly crypt ice squirting draugrs .
i also have to point out sources for mid-late game frost resist nightingale has none ancient db has none guild master has none .
you can get it on boots sure but you also have other resists to worry about .
imo bosmer shines if you want to also use magic .
for a non-magic archer nords are better past the very early game .
nobody cares about actually raiding a city it 's about never being safe inside a city/settlement .
not talking 4k hd gaming just 1080p and medium graphics at max .
i had a 450w but it was pretty close to the edge of my power limit so not sure how many watts needed on average .
oh god this picture has been reposted so many fucking times
the few things destiny managed to get in demonstrated a blinkered view of politics .
be sure your thread opens up conversation maintains a positive atmosphere that encourages users and yourself to participate .
here are some tips to help create a well rounded post
provide context in the submission text that directly relates to the title .
open up conversation for users to comment it helps to ask leading questions .
a post can be as mundane or extravagant as you like but it must have enough substance to spark ongoing conversation .
if you 'd like to edit your post with the above tips please message the mods letting us know you did so we can help you get it approved .
it takes two to have a conversation so it 's highly frowned upon to abandon your thread .
when making a thread keep the conversation going by commenting .
we 're here to talk we do n't want you to make a thread and completely ignore it .
you are required to reply to any top-level comment within the first 3 hours .
do n't make a thread if you are going to be away and not able to participate in the thread .
if you are back and are willing to reinvigorate the post please reply to as many comments as you like then message the mods .
be sure to reply to some comments before you reach out it 'll give you a better chance to get it approved quicker .
if you have any questions we ask that you message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/casualconversation subject=my submission was removed message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission 28https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/comments/e3bw9n 29 .
rules https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/rules etiquette https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/w/etiquette prohibited posts https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/prohibited subreddit directory https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/directory support https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/support message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcasualconversation
also if you sign a contract to a new club but you only join the club at the end of the season you start learning the language immediately .
aw that 's too bad good luck with the search tho
and honestly at this point noura is n't a goat so yes he was incorrect there .
that 's very early on when they were still trying to figure out the character and also does n't say it is weaker they are talking from a writing perspective not his actual power set .
later in it is established his spider sense is actually stronger than peter 's .
swiss army knife nay ... .except the ability to use it as a power bank .
that 's a nice emergency charge for your phone feature i 'd actually use .
have never tried an mvp but have dug innokin stuff in the past .
i 'd choose black if lucky enough to win .
this guys feed is a treasure trove of fox news esque bullshitery .
anything that can be flipped to a anti murica stand point he shares it .
thanks for the help but i think this should be tagged as spoiler as i didnt know that will happen yet
the gate is a vegetarian and vegan restaurant there 's a few different locations iirc but they 're not a chain .
i can only vouch for the one in angel but really good food .
check sea of thieves on the xbox store then expand the extras for the game the black friday gold sails are available there for a short time !
you ca n't buy them in-game it has to be done at the xbox store-front for sea of thieves .
and this is why redditors should read the fucking article before shitting out their own shit one-liner witty '' reply .
no one i know is culinarily educated but me on the other hand with how much stuff i watch i practically am
also i ca n't really remember my settings i had on set but there was definitely a green tint to the lights .
your submission was automatically removed because you linked to a banned site .
if you believe this was an error please contact the mod team .
a full list of the banned sites can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/formula1/wiki/banned-sites .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/formula1 if you have any questions or concerns .
correct and that money was received by ukraine right ?
after trump caught wind that a complaint had been filed .
if you released the hostage after they were reported missing would you get off the hook ?
i 'd like to see the exact law because that will answer pretty much everything i have question-wise concerning the whole impeachment proceedings .
i will execute the office of president of the united states '' does n't specify a crime so it would have to be ones opinions on that matter whether that was breached .
because you are n't faithfully executing the office if you are acting not out of national interest but personal political interest .
my issue was your private comment about emoluments and bribery .
i do n't think those crimes have been sufficiently laid out but as you said if trump broke a law that he had to release aid passed by congress in a specific amount of time he can clearly face impeachment because this would be similar to what happened to andrew johnson when he did n't follow the tenure office act which has now been repealed .
the bribery is if he was holding up that aid specifically for leverage in seeking this investigation .
and that 's pretty much undeniable at this point .
right again that would be based on ones opinions .
unless you can clearly show how the president is being erratic and doing damage is a result of him not upholding his office then it would just be opinions and more than likely partisan opinions at that .
i do n't think we need wait for trump to make a worse mistake than actually has more serious consequences .
he 's shown no regard for even the appearance of ethics .
the only question comes down to one of strategy which is to say i 'm not sure mike pence would be much better .
some have made the case the only value in the senate impeachment trial is forcing vulnerable gop senators to take a stand on trump once and for all .
heals just took a good 30 seconds explaining that pakistan havent been bowling at off stump
what would you do if they made him get ohko from spikes or objects crushing him like in his games though ?
i have stopped voting r or d long ago and i hope you will join me in that as well .
those guys are all after the wrong things and it has bloated our government to its current state
please check the masquerading settings for the wifi guest network 's internet rule .
make sure you either have load-balancing selected or the active isp interface .
have you considered starting a live cam account where viewers can request stuff for tips ?
i just bought some property .. not much .. but enough where i can fill it with plants ..
i 'm especially ready for ones that produce food.. berries.. tomatoes .. vining and flowering fences ... hopefully i can develop my gardening skills too .
i would have let the clam right on in .
why do people put so much stock in leaks ?
anyone can make something up and claim they got it from an unnamed source and call it a leak .
done that twice but still focuses a lot on the main compound movements .
i 'd like to put on muscle doing more isolation work .
particularly after the checkpoint i think you should make a whole level based on that section .
he 's such a mush and loves her so much 🥰
i never put words in your mouth i didnt quote you lol
you 're too dumb to even read the username of the people you reply to
this is the worst i 've seen the cowboys in a long time .
with the exception of hellenized syracuse and western anatolian cities the greek colonization of the antiquity was limited to few town along the coastline of the mediterranean sea .
the hinterland of colonies were usually left to the natives and the natives used greek ports as trading posts .
the actual map should be few dots on the coast line .
mattheo der überhaupt keine ahnung von cod hatte hat aber ganz schön rasiert '' .
kiara wird dafür in den youtube kommentaren gelobt warum auch immer .
idk if the skyblivion folks are looking to add too much new artwork rather than stick with the classic oblivion stuff .
but it 's be super cool to see a stand-alone oblivion or skyrim mod with your artwork .
and his is why you treat the game as a service instead a product and make accounts and the characters in them personal and nontransferable .
it 's funny yet charming at the same time .
stop spamming on reddit and work if you need money so bad .
one of my family members got into a rant about their daughters constant seizures and got on the phone with some random guy at the table .
hug the booty and kiss smack that phat booty cheeks 😍😉 look up hi beautiful
i 'm laughing at the weak vs strong thing since a fat elderly man with a gun could make any pro fighter his bitch .
the rifles in my experience they are generally pretty good guys and they currently have a battalion in the special infantry role training allies and the like which is the closest you 're likely to get to real action outside of sf or the sfsg .
however they look fucking stupid when they do drill .
the paras 'aly ' as fuck but the ones i 've met are pretty much universally loud violent and prone to acts of casual homosexuality .
1 para are in the sfsg though and the other two regular battalions are likely to form part of the tip of the spear on any future war-fighting operations .
piss-taking aside though they 're both solid infantry units and you can have a good career in either .
dennis slipping in and out of street talking is always fantastic .
sure looks like wades man i can eat the veggie plate with dessert and need a nap .
in no part of the article says that ice accepted a payment also it does n't say they arrived from outside of the us to study into this particular university ! !
they can cut off toes but generally wo n't .
but the force required for it is several times the force needed to completely crush your toes to paste .
the simple fact is that the force needed to ruin your feet is way higher with steel toes as you said .
hey tymerover looks like it is still bugged i just checked and i do n't have my c8x available to spawn .
please make sure and watch at least two minutes or youtube will delete the sub .
adam looks like he 's about to put some cole in someone 's stocking .
i found this back in the ps3 days i do n't know how but it was amazing when it happened .
no i would n't call it a new genre .
i 'd say it fits the open world survival genre pretty closely
certainly though the story and setting is unique in terms of a completely different kind of post apocalyptic environment .
not your average nuclear winter or zombies or robots gone wild .
i really do appreciate just how insanely unique and imaginative the setting and story is .
to bad he is wasted on a crappy team .
even better you get to execute wounded nato soldiers .
you 're god damn right i shot every last one of them for invading altis .
probably has more to do with dak than him .
they were so preoccupied with whether or not they could they did n't stop to think if they should .
that 's ok they can just play star wars battlefront for all the accomplishment they could hope for
on duolingo for pc there 's a lightbulb icon in every lesson that 's the grammar .
despite it 's importance people often do n't realize there is a grammar section in duolinguo in each lesson .
let me guess joker 's gon na win because reddit has a hard-on for joker even though the meme is n't that good
the post says 250 copies where did you see 30 ?
but it should n't be a corvette suv just use the blazer name again and make a high performance version mqybe use the new menlo as a base give it more powerful batteries and redo the front to look like the blazer .
reading everything about hong kong makes me go wtf .
i did that and my family still texts me on it .
when you cos and go home port it to your new carrier .
and i thought it was only here in the us that people wrote unreadable gibberish like this .
a tsdz2 is not going to have close to the power you want to haul 300 kg up hills well at least not with any kind of speed .
the easiest thing looks like it 'd be a mid-drive and/or front hub motor .
in the pic with the motor it looks like they have mounted a gear on the disc brake mount .
the issue with that is you need a hub that will fit in that small spot and with proper alignment .
england four down at close of play after surprise new zealand declaration . ''
les aconsejo que lo visiten y que tomen unas fotos de recuerdo mientras puedan .
why ask if you 're prejudiced to miss the whole source out of hand ?
what grounds are there ‘now ' to re-examine the evidence ?
you say this as if new evidence has come to light .
well the fact that it turned out there never was trump russia collusion is a pretty big freaking deal .
in fact democrats laughed that russia was an issue .
they 've known about these russian attacks on elections for over a decade .
well around winter 2015/2016 we got british hq/cia spying on trump and justifying it as russia '' issues .
funny how zero of the proof '' of trump russia collusion predates spring 2016 .
in fact none of the proof '' predates the accusation .
then around the same time alexandra chalupa and obama admin fbi doj nsc started showing a lot of interest in manafort and getting ukraine to re-open an investigation of manafort did n't nts say that 's immoral ?
who was by then linked to trump and apparently angling for a trump job which he secured a month later .
so basically trump announces page and manafort and immediately fusion gps zeroes in on their pre-trump russia issue in early april .
lo and behold concerns over russia interference '' becomes a big issue by late april .
it 's not just russia interference but trump russia .
russian interference that no one publicly seemed to give a shit about for a decade becomes a major issue '' and look at that .
during all this they are running spies against papadopoulos to entrap him then in june a russian directly connected with fusion gps is run against don jr. that also looks like a trap .
welp now they just got ta '' investigate trump .
fast forward to spring 2019 mueller brings it all to a climax no 3 c 's .
so now everyone is saying well wtf was it all based on then ?
what was all this spying and accusation throwing early 2015 to spring 2016 predicated on ? ''
so it 's become time to re-look at it all .
but how did a normal issue with russia become trump russia ?
not that many players playing it these days ... ..maybe ?
he worked hard to get where he is after being overlooked .
he probably wouldnt be where he was without hyping himself up .
why hate on that when he 's on our team lol
well i did play the game 3 times first account is well day1 of the game then lukiel update and 2 more accounts which 1 with lukiel and 2 ships while the other one is servia and smile .
then i went crazy on first account and got smile .
yes all 3 account with lv 60 i did play the game 3 times over that 's why no reroll on som this time because if i did i would rather quit the game than 4th times lol .
but i think i 'll play 2 accounts until update is over and use my ssr ticket as deciding factor since prim and andi i like both and lukiel account has me spending the most time ...
what are some health complications you have had to adapt to ?
ca n't blame the kickers missing with all the wind in the stadium
romo is really great at what he does because i would not understand what the bills dc did .
he baited cowboys basically and now knows who has who covered if i heard him right .
