i plugged my level 1 provided charger and the app is showing it 's pulling 229v and 12amp .
the outlet is normally used for a pools pump .
just wondering if the provided charger is rated for that level of voltage ?
so i 've had iphones since the iphone 4 .
i have an 8 now but when it 's time to get a new phone i really might get a pixel instead of another iphone .
i 've been looking into them and they seem nice but obviously a few reviews online from someone who has only had it for a small period of time is going to be vastly different to the thoughts of an average user who uses it from day to day and has used it for awhile .
i 'm a little hesitant to make a switch when i 've exclusively had iphones so i want to get as much information as possible on this .
to all of you who use the pixel any version of it what are your thoughts ?
how 's the battery life and overall battery health ?
any annoying little problems that keep rearing their heads ?
just generally what are your thoughts both good and bad about any iteration of the pixel ?
any information you can give me as someone who uses it day to day is useful so i really appreciate it .
disclaimer this is going to be a long post as there was a lot of action in the world of dbd this past year so if you 're one of those who does n't like long posts move along to the endless supply of memes and shitposts and have a happy new year !
now i play both killer and survivor an equal amount so i 'm going to cover both sides as best as i can .
i also play on xbox so certain topics like dedicated servers are not going to be covered as i have no direct experience with them .
the freddy rework all in all i thought the changes were extremely great .
freddy went from the bottom to near the top with this rework and that 's a great thing because the more good killers we have in the game the more variety we can get from match to match as survivor .
however this certainly came with a downside forever freddy .
even after his slowdown add-ons were nerfed forever freddy remains obnoxious and that 's in part due to the lack of good variety in his add-ons .
from a useable standpoint freddy has 2 types of good add-ons slowdown and dream pallets and frankly the dream pallets really are n't that good when compared to the utility of the snares .
the block add-ons are laughably bad and the pill bottle and class photo add-ons are useless so forever freddy becomes the default choice simply because his other add-ons are n't worth running .
it 's unfortunate that it drove out a lot of nurse players because now they have to put in some effort to use her well because like i said above variety among killer is a great thing and instead it led to a spike in my next 2 topics spirit and ghostface .
spirit even post-nerf spirit remains obnoxious because while the nerf took care of things like prayer beads and her previous lack of a vault animation it still did n't do anything about her number one issue the inability to reliably counterplay her power .
if you 're in her terror radius and she 's standing still you have no idea if she 's phasing or not until it 's too late and that 's too much of an advantage for any killer to have .
even nurse has audio and visual cues as to when she 's going to teleport and when you 're looking to nurse for an example of a fair way to use a phasing power you 've got yourself an unfun and obnoxious killer .
ghostface the issue with him is the drawback to his stealth ability is extremely inconsistent and oftentimes a massive benefit to him .
being able to pull him out of night shroud varies from near-impossible at point blank range to unknowingly simple when hiding behind a wall .
the latter ending up being a total benefit to him as it completely gives away the location of a hidden survivor often time without them meaning to give away their position .
pig has to either uncrouch or use her dash attack both of which gives a survivor some kind of last second notice to try and run and wraith has to uncloak by ringing a loud bell with the exception of an ultra-rare add-on .
ghostface on the other hand has no drawback like this which i think is an issue because it makes him too strong right out of gates as there 's no learning curve with him like almost every other killer .
even nurse and spirit require a reasonable amount of practice in order to use them to their full potential and again if you 're looking at nurse as an example of fairness you 've got yourself a problem .
the legion bwhahahahahahahahaha ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
what a shitshow this killer has been and it does n't show any signs of stopping being a total shitshow any time soon .
legion and by extension deep wounds was by far the single worst idea dbd has had this past year .
the sheer volume of changes that have had to be made because of this shitshow only for it to remain a shitshow are proof of that statement .
for all of the problems and controversies spirit ghostface decisive strike more on that in a minute and adrenaline have caused they can all be repaired .
legion however is the humpty dumpty of dead by daylight .
decisive strike ds remains a problem even after multiple changes this past year .
when you can jump into a locker right in front of the killer 's face and the killer is helpless to do anything about it you have a problem .
i 'm all for ds being an anti-tunneling perk but it 's not being used that way in it 's current form rather it 's now become an offensive weapon that survivors use against killers and that 's not how anti-tunneling '' perks should be used .
frankly after enduring was updated to no longer mitigate the ds effect which i am totally ok with by the way ds should have had how it 's triggered adjusted as well .
the end of insta-heals long overdue and a welcome change .
springwood i love the rework as well as the maps that have followed .
having more pallets but with most of them being much more unsafe is a perfectly fine trade-off .
the proliferation of slowdown perks this has definitely become a real problem as the year went on because while using multiple slowdown perks on killers like clown doctor and leatherface who have no map pressure at all and are n't able to reliably get quick downs against good survivors is really not that bad because they 're shitty killers in general having them all being used on the killers that do n't need them like freddy spirit nurse and billy is creating an unfun environment that is starting to border on oppressive .
i was recently watching a morf stream and he had an idea that i really liked categorizing perks by their function and only allowing one perk from each category to be used .
this should definitely also extend to survivor as the overuse of 2nd chance perks is equally as ridiculous and unfun as the overuse of slowdown perks .
just like having killer variety is a great thing to strive for perk variety on both sides is also just as good a thing to aim for too .
mettle of man wow this one was a mess .
this one should never have left the design stage and definitely needs to be fully reworked from the ground up because having a perk nerfed into uselessness is as equally unhealthy as having one be obnoxious and oppressive .
the archives and tome challenges a welcome addition for the most part and i look forward to seeing tome ii next week .
the downside has been some of the tome challenges that encourage scummy play from both sides .
most notable has been the six feet under challenge that has been talked about ad nauseaum but there have been plenty of others like the spine chill one that encourage totally selfish gameplay that is detrimental to the rest of the team and in a teamwork-based game like dbd it 's not the kind of gameplay these challenges should be encouraging .
that aside i like the rift and all that it has come with it like the charms and the unique skins .
having some expanded lore for the older characters is a great addition too .
as long as future challenges are made with the fun of both sides in mind this is the best addition dbd has made in some time .
demodog plague and oni all perfectly fine killers and fun to go up against .
i 've seen nothing actually wrong with oni post-nerf as the onis i 've gone up against as survivor have pretty much all done very well against me and my team so i do n't get all the complaining .
i have n't played as oni myself so i ca n't directly say how he feels to me as a killer but i 've certainly seen no shortage of good oni players out there .
demodoggo and plague are great fun to face and provide some fun variety to the killer roster .
dcs in short it 's a really shitty situation as the implementation of a dc punishment system has been way too slow .
while there was the test run on pc this month it was just a brief test and did n't cover console where dcs still reign supreme unpunished .
this needs to be addressed and addressed soon as it 's been a serious problem since the summer .
the endgame collapse this was a great change and finally added a true sense of urgency to the endgame while finally putting in a mechanic to end the endless durdling that would take place at the end of the game .
so while there has been no shortage of problems with the game this past year the game in general is in a much better place than it 's ever been and is constantly improving as time goes on .
i do wish the developers would be a little more transparent and a little more timely with communicating with us but i also know their hearts are in the right place and they will continue to make this game a better place for all of us to play in so for that i thank them .
i came to this game a couple years ago after playing f13 where there was little to no communication from the developer team and was then left to die so i do appreciate the effort and love put into this game and want to see it succeed for years to come .
anyway if you made it this far thanks for reading and see you in the fog in 2020 !
edit forgot to mention the endgame collapse so added it in .
i was with 3 friends and 2 of us tripped .
i just got a feeling that i wanted to put on headphones and sit in a dark room and listen to music .
i listened to the whole album straight through without using my phone .
i just sat there and let the music take me .
it felt as if i could make them continue .
it feels like there are n't enough words in the english language to fully explain how it feels to listen to them .
plus i put my headphones on a concert hall mode so it felt like i was actually at a concert .
my tv has earc and so does my new receiver .
i have a 7.1 setup currently any reason not to use earc if it does n't cause me any issues ?
also planning on switching to atmos 5.1.2 in future can i also run earc for that ?
what does everyone use to make their classrooms smell a bit welcoming ?
i prefer to not use anything electric as i had an accident with one before .
i use those glade twist things right now but it takes about four to get a good scent and then they only last about two weeks .
my students always tell me my class feels homey '' and i want to enhance this !
what large scale updates do you hope to see within the next 10 years to the game ?
i 'm asian-american and my gf is white and christian .
we 've been together for 3 years and we usually spend the christmas break apart .
she goes to her family and i go to mine even though we do n't celebrate christmas like really do n't not even a tree .
a few weeks ago she asked me to buy her family presents this year so she could bring it to them .
she said her sisters new bf who 's jewish will send presents to their whole family even tho he does n't celebrate either .
i say that 's great for him but unfair to place that expectation on me .
she says that 's not the point and accuses me of being a cheapskate since i receive christmas presents from her whole family every year .
i say it 's their choice and while i appreciate the presents it 's not right to force me to practice a tradition i do n't believe in .
my family celebrated the lunar new year and i 've never expected my gf or her family to participate in our traditions .
i would definitely join in on christmas if i shared the beliefs but i do n't and i did n't think it was so unreasonable to not want to participate ?
does anyone know if this game will be released on consoles ?
i do n't see why it could n't since it seems to be just another minecraft game but i ca n't seem to find any info whether or not there is console talks .
i know since the release will be sometime in 2021 that if it does come to console it will be on the next gens but just curious to if anyone knows anything .
also does anyone know if there will be rentable servers ?
i 'm applying for a master of arts in pastoral studies .
i 'm a pro life catholic woman meaning that i oppose abortion and euthanasia/physician assisted suicide .
i was wondering if any chaplains on here have ever experienced a conflict between pro life beliefs and their work as chaplains .
i 'm concerned about a potential conflict of interest with more and more states legalizing assisted suicide and more hospitals performing abortions .
i play with wifi but on pubg it has one bar and always disconnects and lag due to connection problems
i ca n't believe the earth is almost 2020 years old .
welcome to the kxsh store i hope you find something you like and im trying to get more and more stuff to sell and as always have a nice day
dont get scammed with ncvr trades here is some info for new traders or beginners
there is a new stuff section here which means all the item i got the last couple days it will always update
thank you for looking through this looooong list hehe i hope you found something you were looking for and if not then its okay im trying to get more and more stuff ...
essentially you have up to 12 gestures you can customize total .
six on the right and six on the left edge of your screen .
here 's a demonstration of what i 'm talking about .
a killer that digs beneath the ground to get increased movement speed and can emerge like wraiths reappearance or go into the air 10meters from underneath the ground and aerial bomb someone close for one hit down .
while underground he is very loud and you can see where he 's coming from from the ground cracking and directional sound .
edit i was thinking a mole monster thing or person figure with really powerful auger to dig through ground
was interested to know how databricks stacks up to big n and other unicorns ?
do n't make much but i figure a few small donations are worth what i 'll receive in this mans benefits when he 's our chief
so there 's this girl i like and i wan na shoot my shot as like a new years thing .
and being my shy ass imma do it with a poem .
but inside matters most your heart strong as a wolf pack
that i go silly which of my symptoms is the least
do you love back or is my love all child 's play ?
it was an hour ago my brother found him .
my mother had been in the hospital and me and my 2 brothers had been trying to call him .
that 's when jim drove over to check and found him .
truth be told i do n't miss the guy that much .
since that moment the focus has been 100 on mom .
we had to tell her the next morning in the hospital .
she 's legally blind hard of hearing can not dial a phone and naturally at this point suffers from depression for which she 's unmedicated due to heart disease and copd .
i love her dearly and do and will always do anything to help her daily life .
and when i 'm with her she 's sad .
because she knows she needs the help but never wanted her children to worry .
i 've been smoking weed daily for 8 years .
i 'm miserable and i 'm bitchy and in a vicious cycle .
i promised my husband that it 's gon na be a sober 2020 for me .
i want it to be but the anxiety of putting up the weed and now having no alcohol in the house is getting the better of me .
want to get to know everyone else a little bit better ?
new and old community members can use this thread to get to know eachother a little better .
she 's too stupid to be related to him .
i hope to god it wo n't get worse .
google play has the complete series digital copy on sale right now for 50 instead of 140 .
my wife and i fall asleep to this show every night so i 'm super excited to have found a good deal to be able to continue the endless binge !
author note this story is connected to the oh this has not gone well https www.reddit.com/r/hfy/comments/61ya08/oh_this_has_not_gone_well universe multiverse .
calvin said it was fine to write spinoffs which might or might not be set in a parallel universe to the canon timeline .
the story will deal with some heavy topics tags and warnings will be applied where applicable .
first time writing and all that let me know if you spot any typos or whatever .
it 'll probably start a bit on the slow side but the story is most certainly going somewhere i got most of it planned out and worked out i 'm just filling in the middle with the correct level of hfy .
got a few chapters written out ahead of what i post i 'll put the first three on today and then try to post 'em with some regularity though i 'm not sure how smoothly writing will go .
inspiration is a fickle thing the first 4 chapters are actually almost 2 years old by this point .
written around the same time as chapter 30-40 of thngw along with most of the planned storyline .
also still messing around with the reddit formatting it 's a little more picky than i expected .
chapter 1 ca n't see the forest through the trees .
the leaves softly rustled on the trees and birds chirped their songs on that beautiful spring morning otherwise all was quiet in the forest .
the last tendrils of fog burned away by the hot morning sunlight .
i was stalking through the forest taking extra care not to step on branches or other noisy bits for i was hunting deer .
not because hunting was really necessary there was plenty of other food in the outpost but it had become something of a tradition to hunt one down every now and again and this time it was my turn .
i kind of dreaded it but at least i was a decent shot with the bow and arrow since my dad got them for me and got me some lessons .
a quick death would at least be merciful for the deer and then i could go home and read .
about an hour earlier i had found some of the spherical deer droppings quite fresh .
i was following a game-trail tracking a deers split-hoof-prints in the loose sand fresh enough to where they had n't faded at all .
luck had it that what little wind there was was coming in the other direction so the deer would n't be able to pick up on my scent .
i walked up a small hill and as soon as i could see over the top there it was a big buck standing in a meadow at the bottom of the hill chewing on some plants .
oops better not startle it before i shoot it or my work tracking it would have gone to waste .
i pulled an arrow from my quiver readied my bow took aim at the buck and pulled back the arrow .
just as i let it loose the buck was startled by something and took off into the brush on the other side .
the arrow missed by a hair and instead slammed into a tree farther along .
damnit ! i could n't help but yelling the only thing that could go wrong just did .
it was only moments later that the first raindrops started falling .
quite unexpectedly too since the weather had been nice clear blue sky warm and since it was barely noon it was n't one of the typical end-of-the-day rain showers either .
within minutes the sky had turned grey and overcast and the rain was only getting worse .
now that would n't be so bad if i were dressed for rain and since the weather had been great before i was n't .
the sound of thunder in the distance made me pick up the pace i really would n't want to get hit by lightning and everyone knows trees attract lightning so i needed to get out of the forest and under shelter fast .
the lightning came closer at a rapid pace the sound of thunder now arriving from every direction and i started off on a dead sprint in the direction of the outpost .
i turned my head to see if i could see anything of the storm cloud between the trees .
big mistake i snagged my foot on a tree root and smacked down on the ground hard .
it was good to be in the forest again fresh air mountains trees .
time to get away from everything the busy city the demanding people .
time to let it all go time to enjoy myself i really needed some time off .
i stopped to check the map on my phone .
this should be far enough from the road nobody will notice if i camp out here for a bit. i said to nobody in particular probably more to justify it to myself than anything else .
i dropped my bag onto the ground along with the box of camping supplies i had carried from the car .
time to put up the tent and gather some firewood for a small campfire before it starts raining again .
it was after all fall and this area was rather well known for having lots of rain and very suddenly shifting weather so it would probably be quite a rainy weekend but that would n't do much to dampen my spirits right now .
setting up the tent was the easiest thing in the world open the bag unclip two buckles and let it go .
it popped open and floated down in the small patch of grass and moss between the trees all else i had to do was put in a few stakes in the four corners to keep it in place and stuff my bag and supplies inside .
time for a little walkaround see what else is in this patch of forest maybe gather some sticks for the fire .
i set off on a course even farther away from the roadside where i had left my car parked .
lets hope nobody comes to investigate that the last thing i need is getting yelled at by some authority figure for illegally camping but it should be fine for a night or so .
after about an hour walk i was still smack bang in the middle of nowhere the terrain was pretty spectacular with hills rocks and further off whole mountains everything covered in mixed loaf and pine forest .
i had been following a little river for a while with no intent of crossing it .
i guess it 's time to turn around and head back .
i thought to myself while checking my phone again to see if there was a shorter route back to my tent .
hmm if i cut through here instead of backtrack i 'll get there in half the time .
not long after i decided to go back it started raining .
i was prepared for rain and pulled out my poncho and put it on .
i picked up the pace a little not that it really mattered much i was n't actually getting wet after all and the sound of rain and the smells of the forest were quite calming and nice .
a little while later i reached a small clearing in the forest and looked up .
the clouds had gone from the patchy grey they had been all day to dark grey with strange green hue it really started to look like storm all of a sudden .
the distant rumble announced that this was indeed a thunderstorm and suddenly i was n't so sure if being anywhere in the forest would be safe .
i checked my phone again to see if i was going in the right direction for the campsite and considered hiking to the car instead cars being faraday cages after all .
i considered running then again that would totally be the prometheus school of running away from things and the tent was n't going to protect me from lightning or falling trees any more than standing outside was and the car was even farther away .
whatever will be will be i should dodge if the hair starts standing upright. i mused to myself .
with that i continued my trek through the last bit of forest towards my campsite while the space of time between flash and thunder was getting awfully short .
a loud thunderclap made me jump and look around .
out of the corner of my eye i saw something else something red flit between the trees .
wait is there someone else out here in the forest ?
i decided to deviate slightly from my path to go look .
i did n't have to go looking far until i found someone face down on the ground .
wearing what can only be described as some sort of merida cosplay outfit .
green dress bow and arrows the whole nine yards .
it was most certainly bright red but cut short in a sorta 80 's pixie cut .
oh and she was face down on the ground next to a tree completely ko .
i quickly checked to see if she was still alive pressing a finger against her neck .
ca n't just leave someone out in the forest to die of exposure .
guess i 'll bring her to shelter first then look if she has any other larping friends or whatever out here .
i carefully rolled her over and picked her up .
carrying someone who is n't cooperating is damn hard work if you 've ever tried and after messing about for a bit i decided over the shoulder would probably be easiest and its not like she was protesting that decision right now .
i set off in the direction where i had left my tent to get under cover quick because the rain was absolutely pelting down now the lightning seemed to have passed as quickly as it arrived though .
like the title says i 'm looking for a roleplay where you play a hung black man or multiple black men .
i do n't have any particular role in mind but i 'm sure we can figure something out .
some roles i throw around quite often are robber/homeowner groundskeeper/homeowner neighbors masseuse/client and physical trainer/client .
some of my kinks include group sex lots of cum public non-con/reluctant rough sex cheating and big cocks .
full kink list https m.imgur.com/xhuekzs limits are playing with or as characters over 50 feet play toilet play gore excessive blood and extreme pain .
any role that does n't include one of my limits is one i 'm willing to do .
please send more than hey in your first message that would be appreciated
i prayed for a good 2020 but i have no clue what it will bring .
i honestly do n't feel i do n't deserve anything for 2020 as i am now so i pray that i change that .
as other mx have pointed out to me you earn happiness in life and i am far from that as i do n't have a damn thing to offer right now .
i know i can convince everyone else on the planet they 're a great person other than me right now .
hi thanks for taking the time to read this .
as the player character what in game changes from picking different alignments ?
i image there are different dialogue choices to be in character but for example is there different endings ?
did my monthly cross the bridge into dt and gastown .
then this woman not in good shape grabbed me and said she did n't want money but she needed someone to buy her shampoo and soap at the store because the shelter would n't let her in without it .
this sounded off base to me but i felt like a dick saying no .
has anyone heard of this happening or if what she said is the truth ?
hello and again welcome to the aperture science computer-aided enrichment center .
we hope your brief detention in the relaxation vault has been a pleasant one .
the enrichment center is pleased to present the january 2020 r/portal test chamber showcase .
here you may post links to up to three chambers or one collection .
you may post your own chamber or someone else 's chamber but if it was made by someone else please be advised that aperture science regulations require you to credit the author .
if you fail to do so you must disregard any undeserved praise .
feedback and discussion about chambers you have tested in this thread is highly encouraged as it helps creators to improve their work .
find the best fire fighting training in vadodara india .
get name address and contact details for best fire fighting training in baroda india.when it needs.get contact us at 8306435499 .for more details http www.aimfire.in http www.aimfire.in
best fire fighting training in vadodara bestfire fighting training in baroda best quality fire hydrant system in vadodara best quality fire hydrant system in baroda fire fighting training in vadodara fire fighting training in baroda.best fire fighting training in vadodara best fire fighting training in baroda fire risk assesment in gujarat fire hydrant system in gujarat https preview.redd.it/wmy7tslmz3841.jpg ? width=750 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=5a8d968b28c62bd7116c8ec6370c71e163f17f3a
managed to get 2 of 'em but i do n't really know if i should increase her really low 35 hp to 40 or increase her insane 40 res to 44 .
her res already gets boosted by her skills so i do n't really know if i should increase it further instead of her hp .
also between a hp velouria or a res velouria which is better ?
today i hopped on to my world after over a year .
i 'm happily greeted by my super messy inventory just like i remember it .
you have to understand that until now i had been playing tons of minecraft due to its revival .
in mc holding the shift key while interacting with a chest will move the items into the chest quickly without the need to drag ... you can see where this is going .
i open a chest to throw some junk in and instinctively held shift and clicked and i happened to also click my spectere armor since i was wearing chlorophyte ... . that hard earned armor along with other rare items went down into the deepest depths of the trash can instantly ...
i guess this is karma for playing the other game
how will some of the old school winners who have not played the game in over a decade most notably amber ethan danni adapt to new school survivor ?
these winners played in seasons before idols advantages were even introduced into the game .
this is the 20306th time i made this shitty comment .
a thread for new collectors to ask basic questions of the community and to find links to the subreddit faq and sidebar information which are more difficult to see when using new reddit .
a longer version of the subreddit rules is here .
for questions specifically concerning bootlegs or vendor legitimacy please ask in the bootleg megathread .
for self posts include a bolded nsfw note next to links in that post .
for links to sites/images if the figure is nsfw or the website has any nsfw content including ads be sure to tag your post nsfw and use the appropriate link flair .
specific spoilers s buying figures will drain your wallet ''
any collection posts containing bootlegs comments advocating buying bootlegs or links to sites selling bootlegs recasts or unlicensed merchandise will be removed .
my figure collection http myfigurecollection.net it 's like my anime list ... but for figures !
so i just got done uninstalling my amd drivers and installing my new graphics card msi gaming z 2060 and got all of the drivers installed but when playing minecraft my taskbar is no longer there .
using my amd card i had my task bar show up where it took up everything but that one part of the screen where my taskbar was .
however using this nvidia gpu it does n't let me move my mouse freely like my amd card .
does anyone have any ideas on what settings i can check ?
i have gone and put my original amd gpu into another computer and minecraft runs no problem taskbar is there seems like borderless window mode i can move my mouse to and from other monitos so i do n't see the problem here .
and get affected by myc after unhooking do you do gens or hide ?
in my 20s i managed to get married get proposed to not by the guy i married 😅 get divorced discover my independence and stumble into an actual career .
i 'm happy be ming alone/single i 'm not focused on finding my person but part of me hopes it 's not too late to find the real deal.
i 'm curious used anyone you have also been told by a close family member that it 's good you 're independent because relationships are solely for procreation so you do n't need a relationship considering you do n't want kids. got ta love the holidays it really brings out the romance in everyone 😂
when looking at yeezy 350 v2 i come across two that seem to be of the highest quality pk basf and gd versions .
can anyone enlighten me on the differences between the two and if one is clearly stronger than the other ?
if so can anyone based on their experience recommend one over the other ?
all of you suffering right now your problenms will fade away with time but you have to stick with hope and focus on improving i wish you a very happy new year .
i 'd post it on r/harvard but apparently they do n't welcome prospective students .
but when i have those dark and dreary days i literally go to bed with a smile on my face knowing i will never force another human to go through the daily stresses anxieties ups and downs etc of life .
he or she will never know about traffic jams being bullied in school anxiety for math tests losing close friends having to choose a life path at 18 working a retail job as a teenager dealing with horribly mean and demanding people fighting with siblings and parents worrying about money worrying about the future being forced into a religion he or she disagrees with feeling alone and isolated late at night replaying embarrassing moments throughout his or head dealing with a grueling daily grind at a bleak and gray office .
i am actually ok with my own life now but people are deluding themselves if they think there is more pleasure than pain in our lives .
when my mood starts to sour i really do get this genuine happiness and inner peace knowing i will never make another human have to endure this thing called life .
arms of the kraken dragon issue 305 august 2002 .
do they have a different perspective of storytelling than the chapters ?
also while we are on the topic i would like to know about the thre targ novellas .
i read that they are covered in fire and blood .
however what i would like to know is how they differ from the content of f b .
they say f b is from the perspective of some maester .
do these three novellas contain the feelings of the characters and if they do is it also there in f b ?
i am not just interested in the events but also in the what the characters were going through emotionally through the novellas so if i wo n't get that bit in f b i will also buy the novellas .
tl dr my ex of 3 years just broke up with her girlfriend and i want to try to reach out to her again .
how long should i wait and what should i say ?
so i can only interpret from what i see on social media but i am pretty sure that my ex girlfriend is now single .
ever since we separated i have found it difficult trying to stop thinking about her .
she was my first and only gf and we were together for almost 3 years .
since the break up we have texted/seen each other 2 or 3 times a year in a casual way or at school events but now that i am pretty sure that she is single again i would n't be able to forgive myself if i did n't try to reach out to her again .
the problem is that i worry that during the holidays she will be going through a rough time with her recent breakup and the last person she would want to speak to would be her ex .
with no possible opportunity to see her in person again how long would any of y'all wait after her breakup/the holidays and how would y'all try to position yourselves in my situation ?
i have always felt like she was the greatest person i have ever met and i really would n't want to mess this up so i am looking for additional input from reddit .
i have tried changing the gamma with xrandr however all the colors change as expected except for white which remains exactly the same .
do you know a way to change color temperature that does n't require something like redshift ?
it pulls too many dependencies and has a bunch of features that i do n't need .
i recently updated the covers created hard-cover options and performed minor edits on my award-winning supervillain-focused trilogy the chronicles of fid descriptions below .
i am of course proud of the new versions .
i love the new art and i am positively thrilled by how the newer books look on my shelf .
however ... i have boxes full of copies with the old covers left over .
right now they 're just sitting in my storage locker unloved and unread ... and that makes me sad .
while supplies last anyone who responds to this post with the name of their favorite character from a work of superheroic prose can also send me a pm for free signed copies of all three paperback books with the old covers .
i will take care of the cost of shipping if you live in the continental us if you live elsewhere we 'll have to work something out .
fid 's crusade https www.goodreads.com/book/show/40527043-fid-s-crusade follows the adventures of a notorious supervillain as he becomes aware of a world-threatening conspiracy and is drawn into conflict with local authorities heroes and other villains .
i often describe the tale as being one of grief rage guilt and violence .
in the sequel behind distant stars https www.goodreads.com/book/show/41126719-behind-distant-stars the powered-armor-wearing supervillain known as doctor fid is tempted to take on a new role .
can he give up his decades-long quest to punish the unworthy or is he forever trapped by his own past ?
new threats arise and old alliances are tested and in the end ... the choices doctor fid makes might shatter worlds .
in starfall https www.goodreads.com/book/show/44686338-starfall a new tragedy threatens to fully unleash the mind and will that had left behind a decades-long trail of blood and misery .
the aging supervillain must face his own inner demons before the old madness swallows him whole because to prevent a repeat of his own painful past the doctor fid of yesteryear would have been willing to sacrifice anything or commit any horror .
even if it would have meant pulling the stars from the sky and tearing the very universe asunder .
edited to add the 'old ' covers that i 'm referring to are the ones displayed on goodreads .
to see the new covers find the books on amazon .
i 'd love the advice of anyone that has had any serious surgery on one of their legs .
some background at the beginning of 2016 while long-boarding i had a bad crash which caused me to snap my fibula and tibia in my left leg .
it was pretty bad when i woke up in the street my left leg was almost completely bent at a 90 degree angle from the mid shin down .
after all was said and done the ortho put a titanium rod from my knee to my ankle along with two pins in my knee and three in my ankle .
since then my left leg has never been the same i use my aw s5 to give myself inspiration and push to run but i 'm afraid to sometimes because i do n't want to trigger even more pain .
i do n't have full range of motion in my ankle in the direction of up and down due to the pins and the scar tissue .
so has anyone out there experienced the same things i have ?
if so what did you do to reclaim your once active lifestyle ?
how did you keep yourself fit active inspired and healthy ?
i would love any and all advice guidance or tips please .
join us swifties in clownitude 🤡🤡🤡 we will accept you with open arms as long as your streams make mama swift more money
today i 'm looking for a woman to play my mother in an incest scenario .
i will be playing a 19 year old guy who is just returning home from college for the weekend you will be playing my mother who was alone in the house after i left .
maybe you have been incredibly horny and have been starved for sex since my father left .
or maybe you have had plenty of partners since i 've been away and wanted to give me a try .
if you 're interested message me with a pic or description of what you look like and how old you are .
do we know if milkstone have stated how long they 'll support the game for events content updates etc ?
the difference between ai and machine learning how ml differs from ai and the role it plays in your day-to-day life .
i 'm watching season 5 of bates motel right now and ... .
i was just talking to my girlfriend about how deep and interesting this show was and then chick gets shot in the head .
idk why but he just felt super deep and interesting and i was like well maybe chick wrote the show or whatever but nope .
i am arriving in saigon this evening and would like tho schedule a guided walking tour .
there are very few good options that i have found and i have emailed them but as this is very last minute i 'm not sure it will work out .
are there any lesser known companies or people i could reach out to ?
looking for a tip based service but willing to agree to an amount before hand .
is there a more active english speaking community elsewhere online ?
in my opinion she 's being led down the wrong path .
her raw sounds is what got her traction.not this over-produced over-structured cookie cutter bland pop sound .
an entire acoustic album from her would perform so much better in this music climate .
you have to remember there 's a big vacancy in the music industry in regards to emo/gothic sound after the passings of juice wrld xxxtentacion and lil peep .
not saying she needs to become the face of emo now but her ability to make raw emotional music with lofi emo-esque sounds is what could help her gain a mass following .
if you think she 's headed that right direction with this over-produced pop sound think about how much support she has had from the industry whether it be from big artists or big tours or big television performances and she 's yet to really get poppin .
again i love clairo i was attracted to her from her soundcloud stuff .
i think she 's incredibly talented and has the ability to make her mark on music .
however she has to be aware of what direction she 's going
this little one was a city work truck and got her at 39k on the odometer in 2012 .
since then i 've put a lot of miles on her from college years and my daily drive soon to be project car .
has an oil leak around the pan but it dribbles currently and i just refill when needed is it worth fixing ?
quoted 1600 at a shop for the fix ... .
intake manifold gasket replaced after it started slowly leaking .
anything that would be a needed look at or replacement ?
want to make her last as long as possible .
i 've always liked sewing and i 'm pretty good at it .
i 've been making skirts and simple blouses for myself for years along with some more complicated costume pieces as well .
anyway hubby got me a dress maker 's form for christmas and i have been sketching designs and drafting patterns ever since !
i 'm super excited and want to make a collection for myself essentially .
i 'm focusing on feminine details high quality materials and elegant silhouettes .
do you like to use existing patterns or draft your own ?
what kinds of things do you focus on including when you make your own pieces ?
i 'm gon na be playing my first srd 5e campaign and i 'm going with something completely out of my wheelhouse multiclassing and magic .
going for a paladin warlock but i dont know where to start .
at what point should i start multiclassing for 3 levels of warlock ?
sadly de hears content drought '' much more loudly than hey polish that til it 's great '' we are very much the minority here and it does n't help that de is owned by chinese overlords either .
i know the business model is not supposed to influence them but you can bet your ass it does .
they may not have a literal gun pressed to their heads but the metaphorical one is already cocked and loaded .
our team is still very young and we 're missing drouin which when he 's on his game is our best player .
we 're missing armia which as been absolutely vital to us .
byron even if he struggled could definitely help the pk .
but seriously we 're a young team and i expected us to be bottom feeder to 2-3 years after we drafted kotkaniemi and we 're ahead of that .
it became more enjoyable once i actually had sex .
i 'm not even a fan of blowjobs in real life .
oh and i like watching boob jobs because it 's the shit irl .
i 'd love to hear more about how you build your influencer programs outside of facebook then approve it through creators .
also is there any reason we could n't just reach out to local brands ourselves and work with them independently or is it best to handle it all through the proper facebook channels ?
i might be high but at first i thought it was some kinda sport bike
you 're definitely someone who does n't know much about pcs but still want to convince yourself that they 're not better because you are in denial .
well the seasons with brock as a main companion is what i meant .
i actually captured a ghost while videoing at the glennsheen mansion .
i did n't see it in the real though .
long story short it pulled my mind into a state of paranoia fear and anxiety .
at this time i was n't practicing the dhamma .
however what pulled me out was practicing loving kindness mediation toward the ghost and asking the buddha and christ you help me .
now i do n't care if the ghost was real or created by a hacker/hoaxer .
what matters is liberation and knowing i am on the path and ghosts just become another phenomena that seeks to distract .
besides you were doing your job so blah blah blah .
if managers end up being ridiculous like this i usually just email their own superiors .
kattappa suddenly turns to bahubali 's back who is fighting goons voilin starts playing https youtu.be/hst0sugxicm ? t=8 .
it will begin with our revenge on our enemy 's soil .
here are minor suggestions for wording so that a statement starts with your main skill and then the results .
an employer would be looking for certain verbs so it 's better to mention those verbs at the beginning to capture their attention then present how successful the outcomes were .
led a 6-**person front-end team to use es6 javascript react redux ... to create a project ?
translated react components to typescript thereby reducing type errors by 80 .
taught my team over 10 tutorial hours to enable them to use typescript .
optimized the time to interactive '' from 7s to 2s with lazy loading and tree shaking in webpack .
there are skills you list but do n't mention under projects/experience e.g .
while it depends on the kinds of positions you 're applying to it does n't hurt to back up what you list by specific examples or references to projects so that an employer can see how well you can do them .
it looks as though it may be one of the more commonly asked questions around the sub which are well covered by the faq the sticky thread or by searching the subreddit .
the submission has therefore been removed but it has also been marked for review by a mod so if this removal was made in error a mod will approve the submission as soon as possible .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/yoga if you have any questions or concerns .
for beginners/afraid of astral projection quick-start astral self-defense guides https www.reddit.com/r/astralprojection/comments/c2nsl3/psa_astral_projection_resources_quickstart_guides
friendly reminder read our post flair guide https www.reddit.com/r/astralprojection/wiki/flairguide and flair your post properly ignore if you already did .
browsing on desktop/laptop pc more functions visible wiki https www.reddit.com/r/astralprojection/wiki/index links work as intended .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/astralprojection if you have any questions or concerns .
this reminds me of the seat down the third base line at fenway that 's directly behind a steel pillar .
you have to lean on your neighbor to see anything between the mound and warning track .
this game did seem to publish with less polish on resolving bugs than previous games so that would make sense .
ca n't wait till i 'm the next best candidate they have .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
this is why i now do one on one .
my days of waiting for dogs to be picked up are over !
sounds like 50 of those polled in this highly scientific process would buy that 's like 3.5 billion customers .
i 'm imagining you do n't own a bunny and do n't exactly know how this one got here but he 's chill and it 's easy to clean up cocoa puffs so you 're not asking any questions .
i just wan na hug him to bad the internet is n't that advanced yet
why does everyone think sydney is so sweet and innocent ? just bc she was a virgin til marriage and doesnt talk about penis size like.her sister ?
lol jess claims shes never been jealous of her but i really doubt that .
i think sydney was calculated in who she wanted to marry .
let 's just say ... if ab wasnt a.pro athlete i dont think she would have decided to meet a total stranger lol
half a chocolate glazed cake donut is still better than none of a chocolate glazed cake donut
your submission appears to break our rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and has therefore been removed .
important please read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety before messaging the moderators .
enquiries which have already been answered by these pages will not receive a response .
please also do a google search http www.google.com for your thought to ensure that it is both original and unique .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
he would n't have a penny to his name if it was n't for his father and the many millions i believe well over 100 million that his father gave to him .
he also made some very poor investments that resulted in bankruptcies .
before entering the 2016 election his main source of income was licensing and managing his name not in development at all .
it is and that 's what i plan on doing here later the next time i fight them .
that last bit you said was exactly what part of my rant was about lol .
i 've got to alter my build now to cater to this specific boss just to be taken off afterword like you said never to be used again .
that or the fight is hard as shit not using the things listed .
i would like the bosses to remain hard with out having to use a very specific strategy to win if that makes sense .
just a criticism of an otherwise solid game in my humble opinion .
well to be honest what took time wasnt even the restart but clicking on mails
naturally i need a lot of human contact like hugging cuddling etc .
unfortunately my so is on the spectrum so does n't share my need .
i bought a dog for cuddling and also tend to get touchy '' friends who like hugging and sitting near to me .
when i am at home and neither dog nor so wants my company i usually find a big friend in chocolate .
have to admit it 's not the wisest way to deal with it .
it 's not that they 're closeted it 's that insecure people hate on secure people .
notice how many of them will tell you how they do n't care about gays as long as it 's kept private .
they hate those who can actually be brave about who they are .
why are we stripping and fuckung the new year in together ?
he is either a total dumbass and you 're better off with someone with an iq higher than a potato or he 's just looking for an excuse to dump you .
dogs and cats suck keanu reeves should die shrek is horrible and disgusting along with danny devito .
nightmare of mensis will be the next story area !
your submission contains a common typo or spelling error and has been automatically removed .
you may proofread your submission and attempt to post it again .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
overclocked to 4.2 stock is 3.6. it 's definitely possible that i messed something up while overclocking
it does not suggest completely end single family homes .
it suggests allowing developers to build higher density and single-family homes as opposed to zoning for single-family homes exclusively .
as much as reddit annoys me sometimes here is why i keep coming back i started reading these comments and had a sudden boomer moment no i 'm not one thinking how is 7am early ? ? ''
and you 're seriously complaining about sleeping for only 6 or 7 hours ? ! ''
it 's not these damn kids these days and their lazy ways .
it 's that we are all eventually indoctrinated into the wage slave mentality where the norm is too little sleep on a schedule that is n't natural for many of us .
yet i drag my ass out of bed at 6am or earlier because they make me .
and i 'm not going to let myself start judging other people for not voluntarily conforming to that like my boomer parents did .
9-10 is subprime rate so that 's perfectly in line with expectations from a dealer with mid-tier credit .
anything above 11 is entering sketchy dealership out to screw you over territory .
but yes people need to always get as many quotes as possible .
try credit unions chase capital one and pick the best .
your brain is n't developed enough to do anything until your pretty old and you 've only spent 8 years in 2000-2010 so you practically did n't experience that
honestly up to you and the situation you are in .
chimeratech will definitely make your might value look appealing to lfg groups looking for high-end clears and gives lowen more damage but 4t3 is functionally more useful as a healer because it gives him a potent single target heal that is helpful for healing a blueberry that likes to get hit a lot .
want to call bs as it looks too perfect .
how are you getting burnt bubbles without a super hot pizza oven .
if thats for real your making better that every remaining pizza shop in our area .
idk why your getting downvoted that 's the truth .
i also had a colorforms set of these guys.. one of my favorite disney cartoons.. hoping it comes to disney !
idk man being this much of an entitled fool regarding vaccine requirements is pretty trashy as far as im concerned
all i can find is some low quality youtube video on the promo .
why the hell is n't amc releasing a good quality version ?
does it start out as just a head with no tentacles ?
if the tentacle tokens are attached to the kraken 's body why do n't they go away when the kraken dies ?
if each tentacle token is a free-swimming organism how does it navigate without a head ?
if i had been responsible for this card i would have had it make octopus tokens instead i think the flavour would have made a lot more sense that way .
and it would n't have required creating a new creature type .
why whoever did this is an inbred cousin of a vietnamese baby with ptsd who wears a mickey mouse has mask and tortures kids for fun in a nightclub full of drunk teenagers
because trying to go back to that is painful and boring baring nostalgia .
what causes the gas to slush out the filler neck when i fill up ?
most of these videos have that 15 sec forward-reverse feature so i keep going forward until it 's done and the actual good parts start .
he does but it does n't tell the time .
it does n't change or match the actual time in game
i would love for the ability to activate her alt midair .
i think that would add a lot of options and viability to her alt like being able to throw it over the edge of the map and activate it pulling people with it and then dropping them
get a damn arrow and meet the main cast for the storyline and try to support the crew .
i do n't really like mecha or isekai that much but if they 're popular or if people say it 's good or if a good anime studio 's producing it i 'll check it out .
i 'll only watch cgi if it 's done by studio orange
i try not to drop shows mainly so i can level out my average rating on mal
if i see aki toyosaki or kana hanazawa it 's an immediate pickup
well akchewally ... decades go 00 to 09 10 to 19 etc etc .
centuries go 1901 to 2000 ... we call the decade the 60s 20s etc not the decade the 80s and the random year 1990 '' then the next decade the 90s and the rand year 2000 ...
i lean if we consider knowledge to be experience then i 'll be 5 in 1st grade and will advance in all of my classes and be sarcastic as hell so why not
it does n't really feel like a splinter cell game to me .
sam 's character is totally out-of-whack even ignoring the change in voice talent and it does n't have the light and dark '' gameplay that i prefer in the series instead going for the much more fast paced parkour stealth '' style of conviction but deeper .
that being said i think it 's a phenomenal game probably my 2nd or 3rd in terms of pure fun '' when playing .
yeah but if you know the slipknot i 'm talking about there is a part where it breaks down to literally like digital static at one point and it 's pretty killer .
dude comes into my work drunk all the time he gets sent home once every couple weeks cause the idiot cant stand half the time
i thought the training had to start from a young age .
or do you mean if the parents change their minds soon ?
does n't sound like fears anymore as we 're deploying several thousand there now .
if you keep tossing it and hitting her in the head she 's not learning that it 's her opening her mouth that is the key .
she opens her mouth then you toss the treat in .
then she does the rest which is hopefully closes her mouth around the food .
not mexican but puerto rican and cuban and god damn did that movie hit the feels .
who would have thought a movie about death would be a downer ?
what did not help was recent deaths in my family back when i watched it .
i recommended it to my mom but she did not want to watch it because she is a very emotional person .
if i were juve i 'd do this deal in 2019
i was worried about this too but i found that almost all of the a p i actually needed to know babe back to me with a little studying .
i also keep my a p book handy even though my nursing textbooks give an overview of the a p i need to know related to each body system or topic in studying .
finally when i write up a description of the pathophysiology related to the patient and his or her chief complaint i always start with an a p overview in my own words .
for example for a patient recently diagnosed with a solid pseudopapillary pancreatic carcinoma i wrote the pancreas is an important exocrine and endocrine gland located posterior to the stomach .
the head or largest and widest aspect is tucked into the curve of the duodenum .
the duodenal papilla is also located here which allows for exocrine secretion of pancreatic juice .
this juice which is made up of pancreatic alpha amylase pancreatic lipase nucleases and proteolytic enzymes allows for breakdown of chyme as it leaves the stomach and enters the small intestine .
without these important digestive enzymes the breakdown of partially-digested food into components the body can absorb would not be possible .
the body and tail are located distally to the head trailing off laterally .
the other role of the pancreas is endocrine it produces insulin in the beta cells and releases it into the bloodstream allowing cellular uptake of glucose martini 907 . ''
you have to know what the normal function of each tissue organ or system is first so you can consider what happens when things are out of whack .
besides a google home j do n't own other electronics but will be buying a tablet and laptop soon so i 'm kind of using this phone are the tipping point to picking an ecosystem to run with .
i know both android and ios pretty well and both have some good and bad i just ca n't decide .
google has its freedom and is cheaper but iphone is more minimalist and smoother
the only way humanity will ever achieve any of these goals and avert disaster is if places like india and china are deindustrialized .
i 'm a very forgiving person my parents are the reason she 's alive today .
they literally got her and her sister out of a very abusive family and they were both extremely malnourished etc.. after cps took her we fell out..
i 've tried really hard to look past her extreme ignorance..mostly because i thought it came from her shitty life and poor education but its only gotten worse over the years as she allegedly finds god.. when she like worships to fucking joke osteen .
you can buy a pos honda for like 500 and learn on that .
she 's a very humble and honest person who does n't fish for compliments .
and yeah i 'll definitely compliment her in person rather than over text .
how many people havent watched kaguya-sama love is war yet ?
i am also very tired so part 2 tomorrow would work for me !
here 's some things you might be interested in and honestly you 've already given me so much that i 'm willing to give them to you as gifts you do n't have to give anything special in return !
once again i 'm fairly certain i have all of these on-hand and ready for you so if you give me a second to get them all together i could theoretically give them all to you tonight !
people have beliefs and many times they ca n't state why .
i think i may use it as a place mat on my side table .
i may not even bind it ... .ugh lol so lazy
or you could just stop being a whiny baby and take responsibility for your actions .
if you 're not enjoying the game quit instead of moaning about it online .
check out grateful picks on instagram hes got the whole thing up
currently goal is to look the best i can before february as i want to increase my self esteem confidence as i sign myself to do the undie run .
long term goal is to pick up a new skill .
probably more than he 's done to the countless child molesters huh ?
you 're right i am willing to write it off .
he may have succeeded at conveying something but he utterly failed to make it an enjoyable song to listen to .
i also want music to be enjoyable to listen to .
for me you ca n't just do one without the other .
maybe it is surface level but if the music behind your art/message sucks than yeah i dont really care what the message was .
and especially when it comes to an album survivor i 'm absolutely gon na go surface level .
pinocchio story is the last song on this album that i would ever find myself listening to
ethiopia is now a failed state after receiving some capitalist military organization freedom and democracy
it was in bootcamp so my bet is he gets to go to chow first and gets 10 extra minutes to finish
i 'm telling you guys that costco socks are on another level of comfort and durability .
man he 's clearly super in love with danica .
weird to be rooting for a stranger 's relationship like this but i 'm happy he 's found someone to share life with .
could some jp players please share some advice on whether it is worth it gameplay wise rolling for np2 of hokusai ?
i 've read that it is worth it for np looping shenanigans but also saw hokusai is on the middle-to-lower part of the appmedia memelist .
if so you can change it by lobby settings and if not you are just really un lucky with the map
the us really fucked up with the prison system .
such a high rate of people committing another crime because they do n't really help you it 's just punishment
multiple decades of personal experience and a still perfectly functioning nes library .
but really the onus is on you to provide proof of a claim not on me to unprove it .
and please do try a little better than you get it wet and gross and it will rot the connector ! ''
but if you do n't that 's fine too .
this issue is n't one of life 's big ones .
same scenario with me and my girlfriend 4 tetras from a batch of 6 jumped to their deaths out of the top of our tank because they were stressed out .
we were trying our best to take care of them and give them the good life .
now we have a golden mystery snail named snell and people always look at us like we 're crazy because we 'll say how much we love our pet snail .
in short the smaller the creature is the less value its life seems to have with people .
poor word choices i meant that the eu is important to me again not that crucible is .
i 'm re-reading them again and saving crucible for last so i have n't read it yet .
it wo n't overwrite your current save it will create a new save so if you do n't like it you can go back to your mourning family .
a canadian medical student would get prime not sure if a us one would qualify .
if td refuses try rbc they 're super experienced with docs and have special programs for them .
do not speak for all people of a gender .
do not generalize across all people of a gender .
do not ask for us to defend or justify other women 's behaviors .
do not assume that all women do or think something .
do not ask for male equivalent '' '' female equivalent '' as these would not exist for most things due to different cultural processes .
http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/askwomen subject=why+was+this+removed ? message my+submission https old.reddit.com/r/askwomen/comments/eibzw5 was+removed+and+i+do+not+understand+the+reason+given+by+the+mod+who+acted upon+it .
if you are messaging about your removed comment or post please include a link to the removed content for review .
i had an ipad with the old version of ios so i could have an old version of the game with the 911 still in it so i bought it on there and transferred my account over to my phone haha
vancouver is very temperate and in the summer it 's most definitely warm enough to swim .
you see if you do something healthy it makes you go in the opposite direction .
idk if you stop smoking for example arent you making your life a little bit longer ?
i 'm trying to find a beat slide and get it lasered
as a uk resident this is very confusing is n't a hot dog just a sausage in a bun with some sauce not a whole salad ?
i think that 's the one thing i 've enjoyed about living in these places i 'm not from .
we were military we moved a ton and i 've actually enjoyed .
we are new to rtp i 'm loving going out and knowing not a single person !
i get in walmart and get back home without more than a thanks to the cashier !
wait you got a certified pre-owned car extra warranty and a 6 year loan on a used car for 7.5 and paid 19k for that ?
you could 've bought a new car for less like a mazda 3 or something with a better interest rate .
that 's because of the hidden camera on top of the medicine cabinet
my backlog is 78 games right now but i keep falling back to s.t.a.l.k.e.r anomaly mod lol
tsai is another great model but not the same .
• in 2016 there was a total of 54 shootings
• in 2015 there was a total of 43 shootings
• in 2014 there was a total of 30 shootings
• in 2013 there was a total of 23 shootings
• in 2012 there was a total of 38 shootings
• in 2011 there was a total of 31 shootings
• in 2010 there was a total of 37 shootings.
100 increase in 7 years in peel peel police is n't as transparent with data though so it 's hard to tell what 2019 is .
you can see toronto 's stats here though http data.torontopolice.on.ca/pages/shootings shooting victims up 350 from 237 in 2014 to 766 in 2019 .
incans are a poor example because they are one of the only civilizations without a writing system .
or not it does n't seem to be a place you would want to
be or where you 'd want your daughters to be for that
in to rt«view for a lob that pays 16 '
called vector bc she received a letter in the mail
thank god i told her to reschedule and she did n't .
as someone who is living with ptsd i know how difficult that can be so i hope you 're able to overcome it .
maybe do n't party so hard that can cause problems in your overall mental health .
but these are just things the docs have told me .
you should probably see a counselor on your own they 'll let you know what you need to do in order to heal up .
it 's just as much the mistress 's fault as it is her husband 's .
it 's bad enough she 's married and you think she has any right to leave unscathed because she decided to go with it ?
op has every right to sue her for criminal conversation or alienation of affection.
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
until lucas walked back some things in the pt .
if you are asking a question please copy and paste your submission to today 's daily q a https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3a 22daily+q 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day or resubmit a thorough and detailed question including your stats sex height weight age .
if you are posting an achievement sv/nsv please copy and paste your submission to today 's feats of the day https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3afeats+title 3aof+title 3ansv+title 3asv sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day thread .
if you are posting in regards to your day 1 please copy and paste your submission to today 's day 1 start your journey https www.reddit.com/r/loseit/search ? q=title 3aday+title 3a1+title 3astarting+title 3ajourney+title 3ahere sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/loseit if you have any questions or concerns .
the one and true god sent his only son to die for our sinfulness .
he did n't come to condemn us but to save us ... bc he loves us so much ! ! !
do n't beat yourself up just throw yourself into god'a hands .
i mean which of the sale packs would be the best
i 'm back into my old bootcut jeans with bedazzled-ish pockets etc .
i hung onto this stuff in case i every lost the weight but now i do n't want to wear them ... definitely time to donate .
i might be that size pant again but carry my weight differently these days
i am resting very well i been betting long all year on this deal
i did n't realize blade arc applied flat stuff cuz it does weapon damage .
still niche but i guess it at least does something !
not if you 're home and alone and do n't know how to protect yourself but if there 's a lot of people in the house sure
we 've come full circle back to comparing him to hitler .
yea especially for a guy with multiple head injuries already .
if they keep up with these sexy goals i 'm gon na need a tissue
im not high on herbert either but i would absolutely take him over eason or hurts
is there a reason steph is n't getting any shit for just sitting out the season when he does n't need to ?
this sub seems to be very fickle about when they care about it .
not even saying i 'm personally upset but it 's odd i do n't see anything about it .
it 's like it 's okay to sit when your team is n't a contender i guess .
but he still has time to be the steph show later in the season .
i 'm a licensed medical massage therapist so not always .
posts that do not contribute to the subreddit in a meaningful way will be removed .
content containing images of serious injury gore or dismemberment must be marked nsfw '' and context must be provided to how it is relevant to emergency medical services .
some websites which might be considered on-topic are blacklisted by default .
according to the local media guys it sounds like there 's some bro love thing going on between him and kerr so the warriors will be able retain him next year cheaply because he really wants to stay .
and the warriors see him as a shaun livingston type of high-character drama-free role-player for next season so there 's mutual interest in retaining him .
hear that people who have a gated driveway large enough for several cars ?
just a tip never ascend an ascended tier hero like gwyneth .
they are much rarer and worth a lot more late game .
hope you have a good day too and god bless you .
leroy is not the worst that t7 has ever seen .
t7 has had multiple versions that were super unbalanced .
jdcr talked about it a bit and said that t7.0 shaheen and vanilla akuma were more broken .
the community complained hard about geese/akuma the same amount as leroy .
even knee tweeted about how much stronger 2d was .
i 'd be surprised if they really hurt leroy .
i doubt he drops from the top 10 though tbh .
poking is inevitable but some characters have to do it significantly more than others .
but yea if you think that drag suits you the best then go for himself .
you already have a top player to watch and get tech from lol .
even if this was true it 's hard to sympathize with him .
he has been given an amazing opportunity and squandering it none the less
as an australian i much prefer being able to wake up to a celtics game every second day than having to wait a week in between hawthorn games .
i have a crazy long comment i posted in this thread so if you want you can check my history or the comments here for it .
the gist of the comment is that bounties especially repeatable ones are crazy good .
they are usually pulled from a pool of about 5-6 bounties and some like the gunsmith or eris bounties are mind-numbingly easy .
i also got a crazy amount from grinding crucible bounties and gunsmith bounties simultaneously then using dawning essence to craft about a million cookies for everyone and cashed in those repeatable bounties like a homicidal space santa .
the enemies will focus on the buildings until you engage them .
use that to your advantage and make sure you and your lance is in a good position to engage before you open fire .
it 's a pretty good sized base it can handle drawing fire for a bit while you get into position .
i had a brawler orion when i did it 2xsrm4 1xsrm6 lbx10ac 2 mlas .
victor 's lose a ton of firepower if you blow off their right arm or right torso .
most of your lancemates should be close range or direct fire longrange do n't bother with lrms in this mission .
they suck even more than usual in such tight quarters .
skirt around the edges of the city do n't fight inside of it .
the ai sucks at piloting in urban environments so you want to have the enemy inside the city with your own mechs outside .
go on 4anime you can watch it online for free
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
if this is your first post please be sure to check out our rules in the subreddit sidebar .
if you are on mobile they can be viewed by tapping the ⓘ symbol
• if you are posting a look haul or flatlay please be sure to include a product list complete with shade names within 20 minutes of posting .
• also please ensure your pictures are not edited or filtered .
this includes automatic beauty modes found on many phones and newer cameras .
• lastly our helpful guides for navigating mua https www.reddit.com/r/makeupaddiction/wiki/helpfulguides in the sidebar explains some of the basics of the community as well as commonly misinterpreted rules .
before you make a post search with reddit 's search feature or use this handy customised google search .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makeupaddiction if you have any questions or concerns .
rare films where mise en-scene was captured perfectly throughout the whole film .
i 'm going for van der saar just for the link to vvd .
no intention to do this in div1 for those cards just doing the offline objectives
nta i got bullied a lot too when i was a kid .
i sympathize heavily with your son and i understand why he did what he did .
schools are daft and context is lost on them .
taking your son out for a fun day away from those pressures sounds like an excellent idea .
kids are cruel and family support and love really is an impactful thing especially at that age .
you 're an excellent parent and i hope both you an your son have an excellent day together .
i think it would be good to find clarity on whether you are unhappy due to something he is doing or not doing or due to something within you that is about yourself .
are you happy with yourself and wanting something more in the relationship ?
or are you not happy with yourself that is making you think you will be happier if your situation changes .
people curious about finding happiness eventually to turn meditation .
1 get corbyn away from the party as soon as possible if not sooner .
3 reevaluate the old school socialist ideals of corbyn and momentum by listening to the grass roots .
4 move the partying to a more centrist position .
it 's not going to happen like that because the party is a confuses mess of early eighties socialists who 've lost touch with the voters .
whatever your opinion of corbyn having him hanging around is not helpful to the future of the party .
the brand needs to be cleaned before there 's any chance of unseating the tories .
300 quartz and 30 tickets got sanzang martha marie and in the final roll finally got hokusai .
i 'm really happy for the result since i do n't have yet any of the golden servant i just got .
and hokusai answer my summon within 300 quartz which i target for .
now i got another 300 quartz and 30 tickets for scathach lol .
and sorry moriarty it seems like i have to give up on you for now .
though all your future banner is near to another banner that i really want .
and bunch of my 3 star is now np5 .
that 's a powerful straw man you 've built up .
i simply think that bot lane should have the class diversity that every other lane in the game has .
adcs should still be a relevant pick but other stuff should work as well and not just cheesy mage picks like heimerdinger .
it is kinda annoying that any discussion on removing this inherent staleness from the bot lane is met with you 're bad and learn to play around range. it stifles the conversation and makes it hostile when it does n't have to be .
pulled like 5 of him in this banner as i already have him in the last banner he got dropped and it gon na like i am starting to hate him because i always think it is gon na be nobunaga but he cockblock me instead .
as far as floki knows askeladd was the one responsible and he 's already dead .
tom howard has openly admitted to focusing on a shovelware pipeline for their studio rather than fixing and upgrading their game engine .
no joke the only real upgrades that they 've pushed into the creation engine lately is with fallout 4 .
otherwise the main upgrades from fallout 3 to skyrim are actually thanks mainly to obsidian who upgraded parts of the engine for new vegas .
it 's because of this that certain physics and lighting glitches still exist to this day such as flying across a map clipping through doors and walls and getting infinite sprinting nevermind item duping .
they have become lazy and if it was n't for them outsourcing to other studios there would be maybe a quarter of the refinement that we see today in their products .
do not buy their shit do n't waste your money and wait until they finally get the message that their shit does need to evolve to maintain relevance and favor .
if anyone gets a shiny it would probably be steven since there was that event shiny metagross that was his in or/as .
there are n't really characters in the games that have shinies on their teams .
that pussy is exquisite and it looks like the warranty is still intact i would love to make 20 20 the year where that warranty it 's no longer in effect because you got some good miles put on that east coast here
edit it is a thing to be proud of not lament .
i 'm sure a lot of people planned based on their previous tweet saying it would go on as planned .
how early do people show up to get the best spots ?
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 because it did not end with a question mark .
you must post a clear and direct question and only the question in your title .
do not include answers or examples in the post title .
you can post answers as comment replies when you 've reposted .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post that fits within the rules .
if you feel this was removed in error please contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=rule+1+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed+rule+1 please+review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/eig6lu/dear_future_psychos_of_reddit_how_would_you_kill .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
seriously though you do n't bust a man 's bust !
to stop being relevant religions do n't need to go extinct they just need to loose the majority of their followers .
by the way i would say most of my friends i 'm a millennial are atheist or at least non-religious .
i dont believe you need medical school to be a paramedic .
a 5 course tasting meal at one of imo the best restaurants in my city .
particularly special as me and my girlfriend are transitioning out of the service industry and into our careers and this is the first new year 's in 5 years i have n't worked until midnight .
i do n't wan na end up in a different country ...
i 'll just drink myself to sleep with the help of ghb and hope i 'm not too weird in the morning
from nz and not a thunder fan yet know steve in real life lol
a valkirye who saved rita when she was a child from a honkai attack which killed her parents and was an inspiration for rita durandal and himeko .
also she was most of the times dressed like a maid which inspired rita to do the same the idea being as how ragna was pointing that you need a way to make men to tell all their secrets well obviously in the case of otto still does n't work because i do n't think that rita knows that otto does n't try to save the world from honkai but he tries to revive kallen using the honkai .
but it 's a worthwhile sacrifice if the rest of levelling is significantly faster
one of the best things johns has done the feels are real
i might be wrong but for the extensive amount of articles that i 've read mainly from alelec the best recommendation is to upgrade the software from lower version one to the next one .
but in a specific way for example every time you change the software then you reset the unit god .
i still have n't been able to change it cause i run linux and i 'm stupid .
i ca n't wait for the poor idiots in the south who voted for trump and see them complaining when his food stamp cut happens .
and they 'll use one or more of their profile pictures to showcase the dog .
if remy has to stay hidden i dont see how he could win the final challenge where he has to be a head chef and give directions or go the whole show without being caught .
if everyone knows remy 's deal and they work with him on how to communicate he can win easily he 's a like a 3 star michelin chef he could go head to head with ramsay himself .
i think we played a gig with them in 2018 !
he 's karma whoring the fella has every right to be negative
too many words for a no u '' again .
i do n't know about that but those drone shows are getting pretty cool .
i mean gigli or however you spell that bullshit jlo and ben affleck movie
labor for installing emt inside wood walls is probably triple the cost .
i would just tell them i did n't like anyone .
even though there was a boy i really liked .
taylor could make an incredibly low effort knock off version of fpsrussia called fpsbelarus .
i think he 'd make it very funny and could pull off the absurdly low production quality and overall effort i want from it .
can anyone tell me how difficult each of these two classes are ?
i 've been playing rocket for a while on and off but only on my xbox .
i just started getting really into it the last month or so and have been thinking about switching to pc .
are the extra fps and response time worth the switch ?
i really want to get some of arizona baby merch but i dont know if they still sell them or something
so ive watched alot of anime since i first became aware of it back in 2011 when i realized my favorite shows werent cartoons but the two i just cant stop thinking about after watching them are eva and gunbuster i know they came out in 1995 and 1988 but thats not when i watched the so im counting it .
idk what it is about these two but they 've left a void in me i havent been able to fill since 2013 .
hideaki anno and gianax will always have a special place in my heart
back from my uncles ' home after new year !
first drawing of 2020 and first colored comic i 've done in ages !
i also think i 'll rename her fish-eyes '' fits her better .
also yeah the colors look a lot more messier especially fish-eyes ' green skin which i 'll be making more lighter from now on because the page got all dirty my constant curse with all my drawings .
is there any conservancy owner who can share the experience of upgrading which projects are worth upgrading and which are not worth doing ?
mods please extend this event for a few more days .
four days is a short amount of time and this event is very relaxing and enjoyable .
it 's so nice to see so many players together in one place enjoying the event together .
i 'm looking for a nsfw online game that does n't require downloads ... .that is multiplayer as well .
i am using a computer that is n't mine and i do n't want to download anything on it !
i just want a multiplayer one to chat with others on with an avatar or whatever .
i already have biology 151 so i 'm trying to find a psych major course that is n't too difficult but most of them are full .
acquired a quark ultra high performance spinning top from a family member .
ca n't find a whole lot of info on it .
it 's still sealed in the box and all but i 'm kind of curious to break it out and give it a spin .
i like my 2016 honda civic but i 'm looking for something a bit more exhilarating around 40k in the us .
i want something still practical but a bit more fun .
i really dislike the unresponsiveness of certain cars where you steer the steering wheel and it seems the wheels turn seconds later or you step on the gas pedal but the engine kicks in seconds later .
or the worst one when you step on the brake but it feels like there is a delayed response in when the car actually starts to slow down .
what other cars are out there that are better than the civic in these regards ?
i feel like the more reactive the car the more fun i will have .
as they are running out of the theatre right after the swat guy was reverse-shot by the masked guy one of jdw 's teammates now dressed as the passenger '' says that was n't one of ours '' and jdw shouts something back .
what does jdw say right before throwing the bombs into the upper deck ?
sounds almost like love ya bailey '' or obvi bailing '' .
clearly it cant be that but anyone catch it ?
with that out there i 'm working on a lbx rp with someone and we 're looking for players .
it 's gon na be a play-by-post rp set some time after lbx retsuden history of justice or whatever the last installment of lbx is cos i only looked at the wiki and know as much as that does .
the plot it is 2060 four years since world saber had attempted world domination .
as a countermeasure to lbx-related terrorism protocols were installed into lbx skele-frames to prevent use outside of battle boxes and regulations were reinforced .
this did not stop the rise of the new night raisers led by kurtis kole .
with aims of eradicating humanity who will rise to protect the world ?
when i was away for college i left my leopard gecko in my mom 's care .
my lizard is an old girl she 's 21 years old and will sometimes stop eating .
while i was away she stopped eating and my mom used wax worms as a solution .
now she will only eat wax worms any advice ?
should i refuse to give her any worms until she 'll eat a cricket ?
she is with me college thanks to advice of comments she eats superworms and crickets now .
refusing wax worms for almost a week and tricking her did the trick
i am a sophomore in college about to start my second semester .
my high school friend i am talking about is the same year i am in school and we went to the same elementary middle and high school together .
she and i were close in middle school and decently good friends in high school .
we graduated high school in may 2018 and the first events of this story are in august 2018 .
my friend is not from a rich family having been raised by a single mother who was a teacher .
my own family is a little more fortunate so when her mom texted me out of the blue asking if i could lend her my old 2015 macbook pro 13in 8gb ram 128 gb ssd i had just gotten a new laptop for myself from some scholarship i won for college i was happy to lend it to her .
her mom came by my house the next day to pick it up .
of course as soon as her mom gave her my laptop she texted me to thank me and she genuinely seemed very grateful .
about a week after that i decided to visit her in college my own college was n't starting for another few weeks and a lot of my friends from high school went to her college so i got to visit lots of them .
during my visit while texting i offhandedly said that she could keep my laptop since i did n't need it for the time being .
however a few months later in october 2018 i found that i would be expecting to need a bit more computing power for the engineering courses i was taking in spring 2019 .
because my old laptop had pretty decent specs i texted her to ask if i could get my laptop back .
she said that she had just spent 600 repairing my laptop because of some monitor issues it was having and that she had spent all her savings to fix it .
i was a little surprised since with 600 you could probably buy a pretty decent laptop with that money .
i told her i would get back to her about the laptop later .
eventually i managed to figure out some other ways to get the computing power i needed for my courses so i never got back to her about getting my laptop back .
she and i have just made brunch plans for next monday .
my father just passed away in december 2019 and he was the one who had originally bought that laptop for me .
i would like it back since it holds some sentimental value for me .
i just looked online and saw that my macbook that i lent to her can be purchased at a price less than the 600 she repaired for it .
i am not entirely sure if i should ask for it back since i did accidentally say that she could keep my laptop and whether or not it is reasonable to ask for it back since it has been a while and she did spend some money to repair it .
should i ask for it back and if so how should i approach her about it ?
hi there i 'm knitting my first sweater petite knit no frills sweater and i 've started over several times .
i finally understand the german short rows and the increases ... everything looks perfect except that the m1l raglan stitch m1r which makes up the raglan seam at the beginning of the round is offset .
it appears that the m1r is on the row above the m1l .
now work the short rows and raglan increases in 3 steps as follows
step 1 rs k the raglan st m1l k the sts of the right sleeve m1r k the raglan st m1l k
step 2 ws p back to the beginning of the round m1l p the sts of the back m1r p the
raglan st m1l p the sts of the left sleeve m1r p the raglan st m1l p 2 turn .
step 3 rs k back to the beginning of the round .
is there a trick to aligning the increases german short rows at this seam ?
so i got that alphacool ddc pump in the eisststion reservoir .
the only way to connect the pump is either molex or single wire leading to 3 pin connector .
now on my motherboard strix e x570 i have only 4 pin connectors .
can i just plug the single wire 3pin into the 4 pin marked as pump or should i connect it to psu ?
how come that dale and monophilia say they are running at the drug selling at their parents mazzaradi dealaship even tho only one of monophilias parents runs a mazzaradi dealaship ?
we are the leading construction renovation and residential company in new york .
we offer kitchen remodeling bathroom remodeling apartment painting and more helping you transform your home into the one you 've always imagined .
we are a full-service construction contractor specializing in residential renovation services in new york city https agalliucontracting.com/residential-renovations .
reach us online to know more about us or to take consultancy .
however the more i look at it the more i feel it looks off '' even for a design as such .
yes it fulfils its intention of being overly loud but it achieved that in a rather distasteful way ?
i guess i find it a great concept but poor execution to the point where it almost feels unironically nonsensical .
i would feel stupid wearing it and people knowing that i paid money for this .
here is a picture of the cap https i.imgur.com/fs5se8u.png it spins freely currently but nothing engages when i attempt to press down while turning .
have been trying to get into our oil tank to check the level recently moved in with little details provided on the status of the oil level big oversight before home purchase i know would like to get an idea of the level before we go through the expense of calling out one of the local companies but i have been unable to open the tank .
i 'm new and i already know about engagement and bots but is there anything else i should be conscious of ?
i 'm going to proceed to explain my story so
tl dr i 've lost my focus my drive my energy .
everyday i just want to sleep because dreams and nightmares are way more thrilling to experience than real life .
i trust no one and feel like a completely shallow and empty person .
i want to get out of it but everytime i try coincidentally incidents have happened proving me i 'm not in the right environment.i just want to be erased as if i never existed .
i 've never asked help from the internet because how will the internet understand from just text and stories .
my story i come from a middle class family .
money is not a big issue but it is to be valued a lot .
since birth i can remember my parents telling me about their childhood and how poor they were and how hard they had to work to come out of it .
naturally a lot of pressure was put on me to be perfect and become richer than them.but i had a huge problem .
i got angry quickly and when i saw my friends do something that was not considered perfect by my parents i would get angry and lash out at them.my parents would scold me and slowly i started resenting them just as my friends would start resenting me .
when i found out that my friends secretly hate me i felt ashamed and regretful and the only solution that i could think was to supress my anger .
soon i saw my parents stop loving each other and become completly cold to each other .
the only reason they stay together is for me and my sister 's sake .
i cant help but feel absolutely guilty about this.on the other hand in the name of concern and love they have done acts that i now find unforgivable .
then as i grew up i stopped talking to my friends who i grew up with .
word on the street is that they find me odd and refuse to talk to me because they are afraid of me.in school i was a completely different person .
i was popular in school as i had won various trophies for them but i never had friends just acquaintances .
i was never invited to birthday parties or any occasion and i cant be bothered to know why.all i know is for unknown reasons i was isolated by everybody i know and to distract myself i started playing video games and fell in love with it .
but my father was n't pleased with it and instead of offering a solution he would just berate me for my faults .
i 've even have had people telling me why i try too hard its not as if i have friends or anything '' .i know i should n't be affected by such cliche comment but honestly my whole life i 've never had a coping mechanism .
after school i made sure to take a college far away from my home and school.far away from all the negativity .
boy did college kick my ass.to join clubs and all we had to give interviews about ourselves .
questions like tell us about yourself and what do i value etc .
and they wanted personal responses and i could n't honestly answer .
college became a place where i put up a persona for everybody and i didnt enjoy it .
i still did n't have any friends because that works on popularity on instagram and snapchat and facebook and i did n't have one because i never got a reason to get one .
not only that people formed groups of similar liking and i guess i am different .
the only thing i did for fun is browsing youtube and watching from veritasium to ksi to james charles .
obviously now my parents enter the scene but to my shock they took it as me rebelling because im in that phase ... ..what ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! !
anyhow we did go see multiple psychologist but failed .
in the end my education is more important than my health .
now i 've applied to go abroad for my higher education but i 've given up .
no one has time or patience to listen to me .
while i was in therapy i got into drugs .
i 'm no more the perfect person i was and no one cares if i succeed or fail .
i hate myself for what i was and what i 've become .
my whole life feels like a waste of opportunities .
why do we have to try everyday to love but disgust just comes to us naturally .
i just want to close my eyes and imagine the world is empty with nothing present .
my self esteem has become very fragile and screaming help doesnt work .
i 'm very fearful of what i 've written and i apologize if i offended you
early mason 's children casey jones black peter mama tried hard to handle cumberland blues cryptical envelopment drums the other one cryptical envelopment cosmic charlie
late uncle john 's band high time dire wolf easy wind china cat sunflower i know you rider good lovin ' drums good lovin ' me and my uncle monkey the engineer dark star st. stephen the eleven turn on your lovelight
set 1 truckin ' sugaree mr. charlie beat it on down the line loser jack straw chinatown shuffle your love at home tennessee jed el paso you win again big railroad blues mexicali blues playing in the band next time you see me brown-eyed women casey jones set 2 good lovin ' china cat sunflower i know you rider good lovin ' ramble on rose sugar magnolia not fade away going down the road feelin ' bad not fade away encore one more saturday night
mobile friendly m3u playlist links below usually stream uninterrupted by sleep/stop issues on iphone .
i 'm working on making a full transcript of the game and having that file would be a big help .
yo guys so something crazy just happened and no it was n't that i still have n't broken up with my bf lol i was just passing by school lol and i saw this abis thing lol and i like stared into it and stuff and then like idk how to explain it but the abis stared back at me lol so i just went on home and btw that song by billie eilish is so cool lol random af i know
i decided to make a spider-man costume as diy as i possibly can and i 'm wondering what material should i use .
i 'm planning on buying a full body suit with a mask a blue and a red one and ofc spandex is the go-to option but to be honest it looks kinda weird on pictures .
are there any alternative materials i can buy a body suit in ?
i 've never bought a dslr before and am considering buying a used one but worried it 'll turn out to have defects .
i was wondering what signs of damage i need to look out for if testing one ?
i have a question regarding the above topic and finding a way resources to do this .
i want to develop a small game part of which i already started watching some tutorials .
i want to implement and train an agent to play that game .
how rewards should be given and how can i drive my game using python script ?
if ben was never bad then i am guessing he would of became a jedi knight while training with luke and other padawans .
he would probably be one of the most powerful jedi that ever existed and probably close to anakins strength .
also rey would of probably of never became a jedi because ben would of been training with luke instead of trying to find the map to him .
so the map would have never been hunted by the first order so rey would never meat finn and she would just stay on jakku for the rest of her life .
the wiki one is n't in a great format to be printed .
i 've managed to overcome a lot of my disassociating and be authentic and feel fully .
i feel so far from what 's close in reality .
cuz i remember coming out of a bad bout of ptsd flare up and re ... uh ... awakening .
learning to live without the triggers constantly pushing me away from me .
at this point i might be in an alternate place but things keep moving at the same pace .
i do n't recognize these hands or this face .
but i know this place is where i reside .
and see this person who ca n't see me .
but i do n't feel like i am me .
anyone else feel themselves float away anytime someone expresses love or sympathy and ca n't stand intimacy ?
cuz that 's how it 's going and even music takes much listening before anything resonates .
it 's hard to be having a likeness to my feeling when my feeling is a lack of feeling
united states citizenship and immigration service is a government agency that supervises the immigration procedure to the united states .
an approval letter from the uscis is a significant milestone for every immigrant planning to move to the united states .
however getting their approval is easier said than done unless you get proper guidance on how to go about each procedure .
the immigration officer in charge would obviously prefer a document translated into english than in a foreign language .
it will be useful while doing a verification check for the immigration process as time is of the essence here .
this will only result in the application being put on hold as the next customer with an already translated and certified document comes in .
if an immigrant is planning to shift from a country where english is not the national language and the certificates issued by the governing authority are in a foreign language to the u.s achieving this milestone is going to be a steep uphill climb .
the uscis office is quite a busy place as the officials there must ponder upon more than 26,000 requests claiming different immigration support take care of refugee application of nearly 200 people per day help to shelter about 45 people who are already in the u.s and try to protect around 146 people who fear persecution if they are to ever go back to their native country .
the immigration officers must check and confirm whether all the documents and proofs of the immigrant are valid before they can issue an approval letter for immigration .
the translators used by the uscis translation services https clickfortranslation.com/uscis-certified-translation-services.php normally have the required experience and are authorized to translate the given documents .
a seal of accuracy is added onto the completed certified translation uscis document which is recognized and accepted by the immigration officials worldwide .
the translator takes responsibility for the translation once his signature is placed on the document .
the translator must also make a note of his name address and the date of translation on the certificate as he will be called upon should there be any mishaps in the translation .
the document is a certified translation for immigration and is accepted by uscis .
to speed up the process you might wonder if there is any uscis certified translation services near me that can help you achieve your goal .
they can as uscis has set certain principles that translators are supposed to follow during translation of a document .
in addition to translating the document the translator must add a line stating that the translation is complete and accurate and attesting to his or her competence as a translator .
when you submit your documents to the uscis for verification within the united states it does not need to be notarized but when submitting the document to the u.s embassy outside the country it must be notarized .
it is important that one seeks the help of uscis approved translation services https clickfortranslation.com/uscis-certified-translation-services.php while submitting such important evidence that require translation .
even minor mistakes can lead to visas getting cancelled and immigration being denied and it could take years for the immigration process to get approved .
the best certified translation services are aware of what the uscis officials are looking for and will be able to translate the given documents based on the requirements that is needed .
the documents that are submitted must be correct and free of mistakes .
the uscis initially issued a request for evidence rfe to those immigrants who had made mistakes in their documents by giving them time to show proof or clarify any mistakes .
after september 11 2018 this scenario changed and a new strong policy was brought into effect that gave the uscis immigrant officers the right to cancel any application that they felt were having too many mistakes failing to give certain facts and problems with the submitted documents thereby not giving anyone a chance to clarify their errors .
should the submitted evidence holds true the immigration officer will approve the immigration process and with this milestone reached it wo n't be too far along that you will find yourself on a plane to the united states looking forward to a brand-new chapter of your life .
the global fishery machinery market https www.millioninsights.com/industry-reports/fishery-machinery-market/request-sample ? utm_source=reddit utm_medium=referral utm_campaign=unnati_2jan20 is expected to display higher growth rate in the upcoming years .
rapid surge in the market is credited to the rising preference towards fish diet and increasing fishing activities across the globe .
rise in the number of health trends associated with high protein diet particularly among young population is expected to drive the growth of fishery machinery market over the forecast period .
globally market is predicted to generate massive revenue over the forecast period providing numerous opportunities for industry participants to invest in research and development of fishery machineries .
use of fishery machines to aggravate fish harvesting has become latest market trend which is propelling the demand for fishery machinery over the past few years .
fishery machinery facilitates simple and effective process for fish breeding .
the fishery machinery is primarily categorized into commercial and recreational machinery .
commercial machinery is adopted for mass harvesting of fishes .
rising fish consummation particularly in the coastal area due to their high nutritional content easy availability and integration into various ethnic dishes are expected to fuel the growth of fishery machinery market over the forecast period .
fish has large protein and omega 3 fatty acids content which is useful for lowering blood pressure .
rising demand for 3 fatty acids across the globe is contributing exponentially for industry growth over the past few years .
rise in the awareness level among general population regarding consummation of omega3 fatty acids in fish is estimated to boost sales of fishery machineries over the next decade .
the fishery machinery market is broadly categorized into major segments based on the product type such as elevators hoppers feeders head cutting machines filleting machines and skinning machines .
filleting machines segment is growing rapidly in the market with substantial revenue generation in the last few years .
growing popularity of filleting machines segment is attributed to the increasing product penetration in the global market and availability of low cost solutions .
the market is divided by region as north america europe asia-pacific latin america and africa .
north america has shown major growth in recent years owing to the rise in implementation of latest technologies in fishing industry surge in number of research development activities and existence of well-established industrial infrastructure in the region .
in european region spain netherland and united kingdom are projected to witness steady growth over the coming years .
asia-pacific region is estimated to hold a major share in the fishery machinery market with massive growth in forecast period .
countries such as india china and singapore are leading the asia-pacific market with strong economic growth rising awareness level among general population integration of fish in traditional dishes and significant investment by leading industry players considering potential growth opportunities in the region .
the key players in the fishery machinery market are buck 's bag inc. bass pro shops direct llc berkley fishing fly co. aftco mfg .
not just me and not just for one channel everyone in chat is reporting the same problem .
we provide the latest variety of kurta churidar with most reasonable price with the top quality of product from all over india by himanshfashion
this has been posted on facebook and confirmed it 's happening .
if you receive one of these calls please feel free to be angry but also report it .
i have just had this number call asking for me to buy raffle tickets for the rural fire service nsw and i would go in the draw to win 25,000 and if i paid right now on the phone they would double my ticket amount .
i do not believe that it was the rfs that called me .
what a horrible thing to do in such a tragic situation !
i vaguely remember this scene on my childhood around 2000s about a movie or maybe a cartoon about two people who are in the room .
person a who is like the grim reaper so i 'll call him grim for the sake of simplicity is explaining to person b who i 'll call john since i remember that he 's a guy about the candles that were laid out on the board .
grim explains that the candles represent other people 's lifespan which grim showed john his candle which was tall and burning .
grim then shows a candle that is about to run out that shows a person is dying .
john wants to save the person so grim takes the dying candle and puts it on top of john 's candle killing him .
that 's all i can remember from the scene and i 've been wanting to find out the title of the movie or cartoon if it still exists elsewhere .
thank you to whoever can figure out this vague memory of mine .
i 'm using the latest version of ks hairdo 's sse https www.nexusmods.com/skyrimspecialedition/mods/6817 for males and have a problem with the night springs '' hair .
part of the hair on the right side seems missing but other styles work fine screenshot here https i.imgur.com/5xvwisx.jpg .
i 've tried a retexture nothing changed then tried moving the hair in racemenu sculpt and it seems related to the mesh .
however i do n't know anything about modifying meshes so i do n't know what to do .
the market is dealing with transformation on multiple fronts .
there are opportunities for those who are prepared to move forward in the transformed real estate .
among all the benefits of tokenizing assets one of the main one would be that investors purchasing tokenized assets will not be burdened by any form of mortgage .
iat ecosystem believe that by digitizing and fractionalizing assets it reduces the investment risks for property investors among many other benefits .
i bought property in 2018 under construction till 2021 .
mortgage interest afaik only if i rent the flat out ?
does it accrue over the construction years or only after move-in ?
so a friend of mine has just got the dreaded 'you need to change to a business account ' email ...
this is a bit crap as a small time hobby seller in the uk because it means you do n't get the £1 promo selling fees any more .
does anyone know if it 's possible to open a 2nd account and kind of migrate their listings across over time ?
or does the fact you 've been tagged as a 'business account ' on yoour primary account mean that label will now follow you across all any accounts you have open ?
any advice from someone who 's been through it would be appreciated
hi everyone i 'm thinking of buying razer blade 15 for mechanical engineering undergrad and will going to use it as primary and gaming laptop .
just wanted to know whether rtx 2070/80 will be able to use solidworks or not with large amount of parts let 's say 70 and more ?
i know it 's large for mechanical engineering undergrad but i will also be modelling other things of my own interest .
if you want to recommend me any another laptop feel free to do so .
i tried to ask at r/suggestalaptop but had no luck .
caryaati is the most advance booking engine which enable its costumer to book from 1000 's of instant car booking options and provide most accurate information about car before renting .
every time you book from caryaati.com https caryaati.com be 100 sure that you have grabbed real deal .
i am visiting porto in february during the time that benfica is supposed to be in town to play a match .
from what i have read it is very difficult to get tickets to this game and to avoid all of the third party websites selling expensive tickets that might not exist .
does anyone have any tips for a couple of canadians looking to get tickets ?
i understand the game will sell out and am hoping there will be tickets available to the general public but not sure if that is likely .
so i downloaded fivem and opened it it started updateing but when it started verifying it says dlc files are missing or corrupted .i have tried cmd fix but nothing changed.plz help if u know the answer
i 'd like to remap my tilde key to act as a second delete key .
i mainly use my music software the most and having a delete key on the left side of my keyboard would help my workflow a bit .
i already have ideas and i cant wait till they see it .
has anyone actually seen a crash of fate in any stores in the uk ?
i know it 's on amazon but i really really really do n't want to buy it from them i 've had a lot of stuff delievered quite badly damaged .
crash of fate is honestly the one book i do n't think i 've ever physically seen anywhere ... .ever .
what is good alternative for file-based database which could be put on lan and accessed by multiple user around 25 to replace mdb or accdb ?
limitation i could n't not allowed to install mysql server in any pc on the network so my best shot is file-based database such as mdb or accdb at least for now .
book reader here and just finished the tv series .
vilgefortz is obviously a very important antagonist in the books .
not only is he an extremely powerful sorcerer but also one of the strongest if not the strongest combatants we come across .
he is an expert swordsman who is physically enhanced by magic and even geralt is not match for him 1v1 .
in the show we see cahir easily defeat him in a sword fight in the finale so how in the world are they going to be able to reconcile that scene if he beats geralt to a pulp with ease later on in the series ?
obviously the easy answer here is that they will change that plot point as they did with so many others .
however seeing vilgefortz bested so easily by a human soldier will make it hard to ever see him as some ultra strong villain in the tv series .
how do you all see them portraying vilgefortz going forward in the tv series in comparison to his storyline in the books ?
hi folks i have an 11 month old and he is learning to walk he balances using furniture and his hands but i am concerned because he does not walk flat-footed he is about to start his new gym season for kids and he is the only one that does n't walk yet .
the current scoring system is messed up in every objective based mode .
people are not capturing the objectives or collecting the dogtags in kc .
this turns every gamemode into tdm and it is not a good thing .
even though we have pointman perk no one will run it because in that slot there are way more powerful perks available .
previous installments actually had this feature why remove it ?
here is a copy of the amicus brief pdf .
notably mr. perdue was not one of the 39 senate republicans to sign this brief .
im coming into ucf next year and have some questions since im comparing my options .
pls reply or dm me if you 're willing to answer some questions !
i 'm posting this here because i hope that this way i can reach the most model o lovers here .
i got one some time ago but unfortunately it 's in a very bad shape .
a friend of mine tried to reduce the weight and by opening the mouse the snapped one of the led-cables off and also lost the side-buttons .
so please if there is anyone out there who did the same and do n't need the led-strip s i am looking for the one on the right side and or the plastic side-button piece please contact me !
unfortunately i do n't have the receipt as it was a gift and even if i had one i would be very surprised if this kind of damage was covered by warranty xd i hope you all have a nice evening .
edit i probably should have mentioned that i live in germany and it would be nice to avoid horrendous postage xd
my boyfriend and i are going on 4.5ish day road trip from baltimore md to atlanta ga next week .
neither of us have really explored the atlanta area or ga at all .
we also plan on working our way back up north once we make it down to atlanta .
we plan on going to helen ga tacky but awesome and then heading to gatlinburg tn .
knoxville is only a hour from gatlinburg so we might stop there as well if there is anything worth seeing there ? ?
basically what are our must sees on this trip as far as northern ga and eastern tn ?
we are not afraid to drive out of the way to see something cool .
we love good food and sightseeing not much for hiking though .
trying to keep things on a minimal budget as well so any delicious cheap eats or places to stay would be good info .
i have a really bad flare up with gerd .
hello all i am new to eu4 and have only recently played the game .
i have done some research and found out about a formable nation called bharat .
does anyone have any tips for this play-through such as what nation state to pick and what i should do early game ?
i 've read on so many forum threads and articles for reasons why this happens and everything just does n't add up for me .
i 've public skated 5 times in my life and each time has been such a painful experience that i do n't want to skate again but in reality i really want to learn how to get good at skating .
i 'm a size 12/13 m and i 've done everything i can to help .
people say my feet wobble because skates are n't tight enough so i tighten them to their fullest extent to where i can almost cut circulation to my feet but they still wobble .
makes me lose balance whenever i push when i skate .
also no matter how tight my laces are whether they are loose or not my feet are always in tremendous pain to the point i have to rest and sit down every 30 seconds .
i really do n't know what to do and i 'm frustrated .
please watch the video at least 2 mins sub and like !
please note your sub and i will sub right back .
i know more than a few unfortunately two of which were kicked out during m2 because they failed a course then failed the summer remediation .
i recently heard of a girl that allegedly got kicked out because she was caught having other people sign her in for our pointless mandatory friday lectures .
for me on the screenshare preview everything seems to be working other people see a dark screen with a couple of red outlines look at attached link .
please somebody give me a solution to this problem .
macbeth is speaking with lady macbeth after having seen banquo 's ghost
macbeth how say'st thou that macduff denies his person at our great bidding ?
macbeth i hear it by the way but i will send .
from my understanding macbeth asks why she thinks macduff was absent at the dinner .
lady macbeth asks if macbeth sent a message to him .
presumably she is asking if macbeth remembered to invite him in the first place .
he replies that he will send a message indirectly replying that he did not send a message and the message will now be an inquiry why did n't you come to the dinner ? ''
but macbeth also says i hear it by the way . ''
is he saying i heard in passing that macduff would be absent '' ?
this seems the most likely interpretation but it is an odd moment for macbeth 's all-too-speedy associative leap .
i 'd be curious to hear anyone 's thoughts and thank you for your time .
im talking modded gamemodes and really modded brawlers and weird maps
recently i started dating a girl who is currently an escort .
i 've always been supportive and understanding when it comes to sex work but i 'm still new to the whole concept of it all .
where i come from it 's something that people do but not really talked or known about .
i dated her knowing full well what she does for a living and did n't care because i really like this girl .
i constantly her about her getting screwed over no pun intended by guys who do n't want to pay and that 's kinda upsetting to me .
i just want to know the best way to support her .
have items to trade if you wan na trade instead of selling !
i just started taking my birth control pills on christmas i 'm 8 days in and feeling very nauseous and tired and i 'm experiencing extreme back pain is this normal ?
i have a ryzen 3800x and corsair vengeance 3000mhz ram .
my question is can i overclock my ram with my stock cooler ?
2019 was the year i realized how i related to the art of simplicity and minimalism .
i realized how i owned fewer clothes than my friends how i did n't have the urge to buy anything new unless i actually needed it and how i loved the simple life away from distractions and noise .
finding a way to define how i feel really helped be double down on things i wanted to change with my life .
throughout 2019 i worked on small changes that had really big impacts .
i replaced my addiction to coke with black coffee tea and green tea .
i weigh around 100kg now with height of 5'11 .
but slowly with small walks to jogs i started running and now i love it .
i still have to find a way to make it consistent .
but from hating the act of running to loving it was a big change .
saving i was really bad at keeping track of my expenses .
i never saved and had a bit of debt .
but since starting to track my expenses i have been better .
i read 0 books in the past few years .
i always wanted to read but never ended up completing a book .
but since learning other habits i had the confidence to go for this again .
i ended up reading 5 books in two weeks at the end of 2019 .
i realized reading pdfs was easier for me than physical books .
waking up on time i started a habit of waking up at 7-8 am every day regardless of if i am have anything to do .
i always oversle t never woke up on time .
i only could wake up on time when i had classes or offices .
but i wanted to make it a regular habit .
i managed to do it by having a fixed routine every time i woke up .
these are some of the small changes that have had a big impact on my life .
i never imagined that such simple changes can change me in a greater way .
i also believe building habits one after another has a domino effect .
hope this helps others looking for a change in lifestyle .
i am looking for a chronological list of the ac games .
i am looking to buy the games that have been released since blackflag and catch up .
was watching the newest bullshittery and i saw cyanide put an image on the projector .
i was trying to figure out how he did it .
i apologize if this has been asked before but i 'm doing a re-watch and was wondering if any consensus was ever reached on which of the gods was actually the true '' god/religion .
if i 'm remembering correctly the red god the many-faced god and the weirwood trees all exhibited elements of truth/existence .
and there are probably others that i 'm forgetting .
so were they all just different versions of the same thing ?
dr. fung says with fasting your body will use your fat to make protein .
my understanding even from a vegan bodybuilder male i listened to today obviously not a keto person is that 1 to .8 is really high and bodybuilders do n't need that .
i have an understanding from elsewhere that keto is successful with moderate protein since excess is burned as carbs .
i am a woman .. that may matter to metabolism questions .
title pretty much says it was playing apex legends and thought the movement style would fit a melee fighting game no weapons is there such thing as that ?
note that in apex is fairly common that when you find yourself against a last opponent both teams drop everything and start punching it out melee that 's kind of the origin of this idea .
what would be my best bet for a gun with decent internals but crappy exterior ?
i 'm planning on doing a project with remodeling the exterior of an airsoft gun so really all i 'm looking for is a decent gear box and other internals .
i have a handful of extra shiny mons i 'm looking to move .
i 'm open to hearing any offer other shinies rare items rare balls competitive ready mons as long as that offer is n't a magikarp .
all the mons listed below were caught by me in raid dens .
if you have any questions about them just let me know .
every year i make a list of the books i read during the year .
it 's a fun way to look back at everything that 's happened both in the stories i 've experienced and remembering where i was when i read those books .
there were very few books on this list that i did n't enjoy although those few were certainly stinkers .
if you see something that looks interesting feel free to ask me about it .
it is mostly fantasy but there are a few from other genres .
however they are all fiction my non-fiction i do n't count on this list .
• a wizard of earthsea earthsea 1 by ursula le guin
• tombs of atuan earthsea 2 by ursula le guin
• conan the barbarian all stories in my collection by robert howard
• the farthest shore earthsea 3 by ursula le guin
• the restaurant at the end of the universe hitchhiker 2 by douglas adams
• bloody rose kings of the wyld 2 by nicholas eames
• the horse and his boy reread by cs lewis
• the shadow rising wheel of time 4 by robert jordan
• lamb the gospel according to biff by christopher moore
• ocean at the end of the lane by neil gaiman
• dragonbone chair memory sorrow and thorn 1 by tad williams
here 's to another year of reading good books .
the overwhelming majority of individuals will prove incapable of resisting the voice of the culture that surrounds them in the typical case their values their beliefs indeed their very perceptions will tend to mirror those of the surrounding culture . ''
congrats to everyone here who is not in the overwhelming majority !
does anybody have any good lens suggestions for iphone 11 pro filmmaking that gives a really good cinematic look and feel to it ?
i 've been checking out nd filters and anamorphic lens but i noticed that most anamorphic lens give this harsh and noticeable streak of light .
also if you have any suggestions for audio that would be great also .
never thought i 'd ever say something like that .
if my lab results do n't arrive tomorrow it is going to be a long weekend being nervous about cancer .
if this by itself was n't enough the closest center of excellence for cancer treatment is near my family of origin and i 'm imagining them trying to visit me against my wishes .
i might reschedule my therapy appt tuesday back a week .
i did order a couple 32 oz water bottles via prime so i can conveniently pound water when they get here saturday .
all characters and people in the rp are and must be 18
my name is fay i 'm 18 years old 3 foot 5 .
i have long light brown hair with light green eyes cute little smile that comes with light purple braces c cup boobs with perfect bright pink nips and do n't forget my firm little ass .
have n't you ever wanted to have your hands behind your back sitting down on the couch and your girlfriend fwb daughter friend or anything else slowly edging that monster of a cock for you .
my fingers slowly wrapping around your head and massaging it slowly .
me sitting in your lap as my little pussy lips gently touch your shaft .
i just want to tease and edge you hard as you relax and get pleasured .
tell me your character who you want me to be and some kinks and limits of yours .
but i will most likely not message you back if you send want to play '' on its own or just send me a username for a different app .
my kinks are anal deep anal painal gaping foot play rough sex passionate sex/blowjobs/hand jobs taking virginity ass virginity large cocks i love unrealistic non con buldges and distenstion age play facial public creampie preg risk and size difference size play large cum loads body writing tied up edging .
all characters and people in the rp are and must be 18
im coming from a couple 100 hours on mk11 which is the only fighting game ive ever touched i feel as though street fighter would be more competitive and am aware of the learning curve .
i 'm worried that there may only be a small playerbase of veterans who will stomp me .
looking for cd deck with an rca out that can also link to my macbook via usb so i can rip straight to a wav file .
cant seem to find what i 'm looking for so wondering if yall have any advice or alternative solutions .
that group of nerds or tgon as i will refer to it for the rest of the post is a na pst timezone based although converting timezones is n't that hard primarily pc clan with a smaller psn playerbase focused on a variety of gametypes ranging from chill strikes or exploration with friends to hardcore raiding .
tgon 's primary age group is 14-17 and while that can change remember to take everything a clan member says with a grain of salt .
if this experience sounds like something you want to be apart of great !
dm me nyx the clan founder on discord at ♠nyx♠ 4229 but before that we have a couple requirements
we want an active player base not a dead one .
second remember to take everything with a grain of salt and always be aware everything offensive ever said is meant in a joking manner .
and third we request that you be at least aged 13 and up .
this ensures the humor a lot of the clan shares wo n't be deemed offensive ie .
with that said and done dm me on discord again ♠nyx♠ 4229 if you 're interested !
serious inquiries only please do n't want the dm 's blowing up for no reason .
and remember take everything said by a clan member with a grain of salt
its a new year and it 's time to start the next chapter for this subreddit .
as of today i 'm officially launching the lure mentorship program as a way for experienced lure makers to share their passion for lure building whilst teach others about the hobby .
what is a lure mentor this position is given to those who contribute at least one lure guide along with being active on the subreddit .
lure mentors represent the best of r/lurebuilding and will help provide a starting spot for many first time builders .
many people on this subreddit are young inexperienced or both .
if you have a lure you designed yourself this is a way to showcase it and allow others to learn from you .
the guides made from our lure mentors will allow the less experienced members to get their start into a hobby so many of you are passionate about .
a step by step guide on how to make a specific type of lure with either a comprehensive video or pictures and a caption for each step .
these guides will be compiled together on the stickied guide thread where newcomers and experienced builders alike can come to study and learn new skills .
a finished lipless crankbait from our first lure mentor u\/zingerbobinger https preview.redd.it/hq4u4yhajh841.png ? width=715 format=png auto=webp s=de445f3a8c89441b3d85b95478810fed2348a185
what do you get for being a lure mentor once you complete a guide and i 've approved it you get a brand new flair which distinguishes you on the subreddit and there will be an exclusive chatroom for experienced lure makers to discuss techniques share tips .
in the future there will be exclusive rewards and i hope to be able to do prize drawings and awards that the lure mentors could participate in .
how can i become a lure mentor simply send me u/jspencer501 a message and i will walk you through the process !
it involved creating a lure and documenting the process with both pictures and captions .
all you have to do is provide the captioned images and i will create the guide and upload it for you .
i think this is a good way to expand knowledge on the subreddit but i am always open to advice !
be sure to let me know how you feel about this and if there is anything i can do to make the program better !
thank you all it 's going to be a good year for r/lurebuilding !
i am upgrading a small form factor hp i have and need the s version of the i7-3770s .
i used customizergod but it is not being updated anymore and does not work with windows 1903 build
any monstergirl or anthropomorphic anime girl with hard exoskeleton joints doll joints mantis joints bone joints you name it !
me f24 and my boyfriend 22 have a normal sex routine but when he is alone i know he usually masturbates even he uses reddit a lot so if you 're reading this yes it 's about you babe !
when he masturbates he likes to eat his own cum every once in a while i found that in the day i was doing a bj and when he came he asked me right after i kissed him .
he likes to taste himself i find it normal after all i also feel my own taste sometimes when i masturbate this is more normal for women than for men !
can you give me tips on what to do next time we have sex ?
if u you want order any thing from this list
we will send you a sample of the resource to confirm your requirement
if it is the required one payment can be made securely through paypal credit card as per your convenience .
send me message pm here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=studentsaverteam or contact us
state and local politics institutions and reform 3rd editiontodd donovan daniel a .
statics analysis and design of systems in equilibrium update edition sheppard tongue instructor solution manual miss ch02
statics analysis and design of systems in equilibrium update edition sheppard tongue instructor solution manual miss ch02
statics and mechanics of materials anthony m. bedford kenneth m. liechti wallace fowler solution manual2
statics and strength of materialsrobert l. mott instructor 's manual with solutions
statistical concepts for the behavioral sciences 4e harold o. kiess bonnie a .
statistical concepts for the behavioral sciences 4e harold o. kiess bonnie a .
statistical digital signal processing and modeling solutions manual by monson h. hayes
statistical methods for psychology 8th edition david c. howell instructor manual
statistical quality design and control 2e devor chang sutherland sutherl
statistical reasoning for everyday life 3e jeffrey o. bennett william l. briggs mario f. triola isolution manual
statistical reasoning for everyday life 3e jeffrey o. bennett william l. briggs mario f. triola test bank
statistical reasoning for everyday life 4e jeff bennett bill briggs mario f. triola test bank
statistical reasoning in the behavioral sciences 6th edition king rosopa minium test bank
statistical reasoning in the behavioral sciences 6th edition king rosopa minium test bank ig+app
statistical techniques in business and economics 17th edition by douglas lind and william marchal and samuel wathen © 2018 t solution manual
statistical techniques in business and economics 17th edition by douglas lind and william marchal and samuel wathen © 2018 test bank
statistical techniques in business and economics 17th edition by douglas lind and william marchal and samuel wathen © 2018 test bank solution manual
statistical techniques in business and economics with student cd 13th edition by lind marchal wathe test bank
statistics the art and science of learning from data 2 e alan agresti
statistics the art and science of learning from data 2e by alan agresti chris franklin statisticsagrestitif
statistics a tool for social researchers in canada 4ce a tool for social research 4th edition joseph f. healey steven prus riva lieflander test bank
statistics and data analysis for nursing research 2nd edition denise f. polit powerpoint
statistics and data analysis for nursing research 2nd edition denise f. polit test bank
statistics and data analysis for social science eric j. krieg test bank
statistics and data analysis from elementary to intermediate ajit c. tamhane dorothy d. dunlop solution manual
statistics and data analysis from elementary to intermediate ajit c. tamhane dorothy d. dunlop instructor 's solutions manual
statistics for business economics 10e james t. mcclave terry sincich im test bank
statistics for business economics 10e james t. mcclave p. george benson terry sincich test bank
statistics for business economics 12th edition david r. anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams jeffrey d. camm james j. cochran solution manual
statistics for business economics 12th edition david r. anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams jeffrey d. camm james j. cochran solutions to case problems
statistics for business economics 12th edition david r. anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams jeffrey d. camm james j. cochran test bank
statistics for business economics 14th edition david r. anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams jeffrey d. camm james j. cochran michael j. fry jeffrey w. ohlmann solution manual
statistics for business economics 14th edition david r. anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams jeffrey d. camm james j. cochran michael j. fry jeffrey w. ohlmann test bank
statistics for business economics revised 13th edition david r. anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams jeffrey d. camm james j. cochran test bank
statistics for business and economics 10th edition david r. anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams test bank
statistics for business and economics international edition 11e james t. mcclave p. george benson terry sincich test bank tg
statistics for business and economics international edition 11e james t. mcclave p. george benson terry sincich video guide
statistics for business and economics international edition 11e james t. mcclave p. george benson terry sincich instructor 's solution manual
statistics for business and economics pearson new international edition 12e james t. mcclave p. george benson terry l. sincich instructor solution manual
statistics for business and economics pearson new international edition 12e james t. mcclave p. george benson terry l. sincich test bank
statistics for business and economics plus mystatlab access card package 8e paul newbold william carlson betty thorne test bank
statistics for business and economics 11ejames t. mcclave p. george benson terry sincich business insight video guide
statistics for business and economics 11ejames t. mcclave p. george benson terry sincich instructor 's solutions manual
statistics for business and economics 11ejames t. mcclave p. george benson terry sincich test bank pdf
statistics for business and economics 11th editiondavid r. anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams test bank
statistics for business and economics 11th editiondavid r. anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams case solutions
statistics for business and economics 11th editiondavid r. anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams solutions manual
statistics for business and economics 12ejames t. mcclave p. george benson terry sincich instuctor 's solutions manual
statistics for business and economics 12ejames t. mcclave p. george benson terry sincich test bank pdf
statistics for business and economics 13e james t. mcclave p. george benson terry sincich test bank pdf
statistics for business and economics 13e james t. mcclave p. george benson terry sincich test bank tg
statistics for business and economics 3rd edition david anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams jim freeman eddie shoesmith test bank .
statistics for business and economics 3rd edition david anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams jim freeman eddie shoesmith instructor solutions manual .
statistics for business and economics 8e paul newbold william carlson betty thorne instructor 's solutions manual
statistics for business and economics revised 10e david r. anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams case solution
statistics for business and economics revised 10th edition david r. anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams solution manual solution manual
statistics for business and economics revised 10th edition david r. anderson dennis j. sweeney thomas a. williams test bank
statistics for business decision making and analysis 1e e. stine dean foster test bank
statistics for business decision making and analysis 2e robert a. stine dean foster solution manual
statistics for business decision making and analysis 2e robert a. stine dean foster test bank
statistics for business practical approach 9e by anderson sweeney williams chen solution manual
statistics for business decision making and analysis 3rd edition robert stine dean foster ©2018 instructor solution manual test bank
statistics for engineering and the sciences 5e by william mendenhall and terry sincich instructor manual
statistics for engineers and scientists 4e william navidi instructor solution manual
statistics for evidence-based practice and evaluation 3rd edition allen rubin test bank
statistics for management and economics xlstat bind-in 11th edition gerald keller © 2018 test bank and instructor solution manual
statistics for management and economics 11th edition gerald keller solution manual
statistics for management and economics 11th edition gerald keller test bank
statistics for management and economics 10th edition gerald keller solution manual
statistics for management and economics 10th edition gerald keller test bank
statistics for management and economics 8th edition gerald keller bnkmiss 1,3,23
statistics for management and economics 9th edition gerald keller test bank
statistics for management and economics 9th editiongerald keller instructor 's solutions manual
statistics for managers using excel and student cd package 5e david m. levine
statistics for managers using microsoft excel 7e david m. levine david f. stephan kathryn a. szabat test bank tg
statistics for managers using microsoft excel 7e david m. levine david f. stephan kathryn a. szabat instructor manual
statistics for managers using microsoft excel 8e david m. levine david f. stephan kathryn a. szabat instructor 's solutions manual
statistics for managers using microsoft excel 8e david m. levine david f. stephan kathryn a. szabat test bank
statistics for managers using ms excel 6e levine berenson krehbiel stephan isolution manual test bank
statistics for managers using ms excel 6e david m. levine mark l. berenson timothy c. krehbiel david f. stephan test bank
statistics for people who think they hate statistics 6th edition neil j. salkind sage publisher
statistics for the behavioral and social sciences a brief course 5e arthur aron ph.d elliot coups ph.d elaine n. aron ph.d test bank
statistics for the behavioral sciences 2nd edition nolan heinzen isbn10 142923265x test bank
statistics for the behavioral sciences 9th edition frederick j gravetter larry b. wallnau instructor manual and test bank
statistics for the behavioral sciences 9th edition frederick j gravetter larry b. wallnau solutions to practice problems
statistics for the life sciences international edition 4e myra l. samuels jeffrey a. witmer andrew schaffner instructor 's solutions manual
statistics plain and simple 4th edition sherri l. jackson test bank
statistics principles and methods 7th edition johnson bhattacharyya instructor 's solutions manual
statistics principles and methods 7th edition johnson bhattacharyya test bank
statistics the art and science of learning from data 2e alan agresti chris franklin solution manual
statistics the art and science of learning from data 4ealan agresti christine a. franklin bernhard klingenberg instructor solution manual
statistics the art and science of learning from data 4ealan agresti christine a. franklin bernhard klingenberg test bank tg
statistics unlocking the power of data 2nd edition lock frazer morgan 2017 instructor solution manual
statistics unlocking the power of data 2nd edition lock frazer morgan 2017 test bank
statistics unlocking the power of data 2nd edition lock frazer morgan 2017 solution manual
statistics unlocking the power of data 2nd edition lock frazer morgan 2017 test bank
statistics 10th edition witte witteanswers to selected questions study guide
statistics 11th edition by robert s. witte john s. witte .
statistics 11th edition by robert s. witte john s. witte .
statistics 9th editionwitte witte comments to instructors textest bank ook corrections answers to selected questions
statistics data analysis and decision modeling 5e james r. evans test bank
statistics data analysis and decision modeling 5e james r. evans nstructor 's solutions manual
statistics learning from data 2nd edition roxy peck tom short © 2019 test bank and instructor solution manual
stats modeling the world ap edition 3e david e. bock paul d. velleman richard d. de veaux instrutor manual
stats modeling the world ap edition 3e david e. bock paul d. velleman richard d. de veaux test bank
steel structures design and behavior 5th edition by charles g. salmon miss 11 13 14 15 16
steiner business government and society 12e isbn 0073405051 test bank
steiner business government and society 11e isbn 0072994428 test bank
steiner business government and society 13e isbn 0078112672 test bank
steiner business government and society 13e isbn 0078112672 test bank
stevenson operations management 11e isbn 0073525251 test bank ch01 to ch10
stevenson ozgur introduction to management science with spreadsheets 1e isbn 007299066x test bank
stewart interviewing principles and practices 13e isbn 0073406813 test bank
stewart interviewing principles and practices 13e isbn 0073406813 test bank
stewart interviewing principles and practices 14e isbn 0077521773 test bank
stiling ecology insights and investigations 1 isbn 0077449096 test bank
strangers to these shores 11e vincent n. parrillo instructor manual
strangers to these shores 11e vincent n. parrillo test bank
strangers to these shores 11e vincent n. parrillo test bank
strategic communication in business and the professions 7e dan o'hair gustav w. friedrich lynda dee dixon ppt slide
strategic communication in business and the professions 7e dan o'hair gustav w. friedrich lynda dee dixon im
strategic communication in business and the professions 6 edition prepared by j. kanan sawyer west chester university of pennsylvania
strategic compensation in canada 6th edition richard long parbudyal singh test bank
strategic compensation in canada 6th edition richard long parbudyal singh test bank
strategic compensation in canada 5th edition richard long instructor 's manual
strategic compensation in canada 5th edition richard long test bank
strategic financial management application of corporate finance 1st edition samuel c. weaver j. fred weston solution manual
strategic financial management applications of corporate finance by samuel c. weaver and j. fred weston solution manual
strategic innovation management by joe tidd and john bessant test bank
strategic management 4th edition by frank rothaermel © 2019 test bank solution manual
strategic management a competitive advantage approach concepts cases 15e fred r. david forest r. david solutions to case problems
strategic management a competitive advantage approach concepts and cases 14e fred r. david instructor resource manual+case guide
strategic management a competitive advantage approach concepts and cases 14e fred r. david test bank
strategic management a competitive advantage approach concepts and cases 16e fred r. david forest r. david instructor manaual with cases .
strategic management a competitive advantage approach concepts and cases global edition 16e fred r. david forest r. david instructor manaual with cases .
strategic management a competitive advantage approach concepts and cases global edition 16e fred r. david forest r. david powerpoint slides .
strategic management a competitive advantage approach concepts and cases global edition 16e fred r. david forest r. david test bank .
strategic management an integrated approach 10th edition charles w. l. hill gareth r. jones case 3 herman miller balance sheet
strategic management an integrated approach 10th edition charles w. l. hill gareth r. jones case teaching notes
strategic management an integrated approach 10th edition charles w. l. hill gareth r. jones instructor 's manual
strategic management an integrated approach 10th editioncharles w. l. hill gareth r. jones test bank
strategic management an integrated approach 9th edition charles w. l. hill gareth r. jone case teaching notes
strategic management an integrated approach 9th edition charles w. l. hill gareth r. jone im
strategic management an integrated approach 9th edition charles w. l. hill gareth r. jone test bank
strategic management and business policy concept and cases 11e thomas l wheelen j david hunger test bank
strategic management and business policy 11e thomas l wheelen david l hunger im w test bank
strategic management and business policy 11e thomas l wheelen david l hunger instructor manual with test items
strategic management and business policy 11e thomas l wheelen david l hunger instructor manual with test itemstestgen
strategic management and business policy globalization innovation and sustainability 14e thomas l. wheelen j. david hunger alan n. hoffman charles e. bamford instructor solution manual
strategic management and business policy globalization innovation and sustainability 14e thomas l. wheelen j. david hunger alan n. hoffman charles e. bamford test bank
strategic management and business policy globalization innovation and sustainability 15e l. wheelen hunger n. hoffman e. bamford test bank
strategic management and business policy globalization innovation and sustainability global edition 15e view larger cover thomas l. wheelen instructor 's manual
strategic management and business policy globalization innovation and sustainability global edition 15e view larger cover thomas l. wheelen test bank
strategic management and business policy toward global sustainability 13e thomas l. wheelen j. david hunger case instructor 's manual
strategic management and business policy toward global sustainability 13e thomas l. wheelen j. david hunger test bank
strategic management and business policy toward global sustainability 13e thomas l. wheelen j. david hunger instructor 's manual
strategic management and business policy 11e thomas l. wheelen david l. hunger instructor manual with test items
strategic management and competitive advantage 4e barney hesterly instructor manual
strategic management and competitive advantage concepts and cases 5e jay b. barney william hesterly instructor 's solution manual
strategic management and competitive advantage concepts and cases 5e jay b. barney william hesterly test bank
strategic management and competitive advantage 3ejay barneywilliam hesterlywilliam s hesterly case
strategic management and competitive advantage 3ejay barneywilliam hesterlywilliam s hesterly im
strategic management and competitive advantage 3ejay barneywilliam hesterlywilliam s hesterly test bank
strategic management and competitive advantage 4e jay b. barney william s hesterly test bank
strategic management cases an integrated approach 10th edition by charles w. l. hill gareth r. jones test bank
strategic management communication for leaders 2nd editionrobyn walker instructor manual
strategic management communication for leaders 2nd editionrobyn walker test bank
strategic management competitiveness and globalization concepts and cases 8th editionmichael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson cases
strategic management concepts cases competitiveness and globalization 8e author michael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson instructor manual
strategic management concepts cases competitiveness and globalization 8e author michael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson test bank
strategic management concepts and cases 2e mason carpenter gerry sanders case teaching notes
strategic management concepts and cases 2e mason carpenter gerry sanders instructor 's manual
strategic management concepts and cases 2e mason carpenter gerry sanders test bank
strategic management concepts and cases 13e fred r. david case instructor 's manual
strategic management concepts and cases 13e fred r. david instructor 's manual
strategic management concepts and cases 13e fred r. david test bank
strategic management concepts and cases 13e fred r. david video guide
strategic management concepts and cases arab world editions with mymanagementlab access code card abbas j. ali abdulrahman alaali fred david abbas ali ia abdulraham al aali im+case
strategic management concepts and cases arab world editions with mymanagementlab access code card abbas j. ali abdulrahman alaali fred david abbas ali ia abdulraham al aali test bank tg
strategic management concepts and cases arab world editions with mymanagementlab access code card abbas j. ali abdulrahman alaali test bank pdf
strategic management concepts and cases competitiveness and globalization 12th edition michael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson test bank
strategic management concepts and cases competitiveness and globalization 10th edition michael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson instructor 's manual
strategic management concepts and cases competitiveness and globalization 10th edition michael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson cases
strategic management concepts and cases competitiveness and globalization 10th edition michael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson test bank
strategic management concepts and cases competitiveness and globalization 11th edition michael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson test bank
strategic management concepts and cases competitiveness and globalization 12e michael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson instructor solution manual with cases .
strategic management concepts and cases competitiveness and globalization 9th edition michael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson im+test bank case
strategic management concepts and cases 11e fred r. david test bank
strategic management concepts and cases 11e fred r. david im
strategic management concepts and cases 11e fred r. david im case
strategic management concepts and cases 12e fred r. david test bank
strategic management concepts and cases 2nd edition dyer godfrey jensen bryce cases
strategic management concepts and cases 2nd edition dyer godfrey jensen bryce test bank
strategic management concepts and cases 7th edition michael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson solution manual im with cases
strategic management concepts and cases 7th edition michael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson test bank
strategic management concepts competitiveness and globalization 11th editionmichael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson im
strategic management concepts competitiveness and globalization 12th edition michael a. hitt r. duane ireland test bank
strategic management concepts competitiveness and globalization 9th edition michael a. hitt r. duane ireland robert e. hoskisson test bank
strategic management creating competitive advantages 4th by gregory dess g.t .
strategic management creating competitive advantages 9th edition by gregory dess test bank
strategic management creating competitive advantages 9th edition by gregory dess solution manual
strategic management creating competitive advantages 9th edition by gregory dess solution manual
strategic management logic and action huff floyd sherman terjesen im+test bank
strategic management logic and action huff floyd sherman terjesen instructor manual
strategic management of health care organizations 6th edition swayne duncan ginter case study teaching notes
strategic management of health care organizations 6th edition swayne duncan ginter exhibits
strategic management of health care organizations 6th edition swayne duncan ginter instructors ' manual
strategic management of information systems 5th edition isv pearlson saunders cases
strategic management of information systems 5th edition isv pearlson saunders instructor 's manual
strategic management of information systems 5th edition isv pearlson saunders test bank
strategic management of information systems international student version 4th edition by keri e. pearlson and carol s. saunders im test bank case case notes
strategic management of information systems international student version 4th edition by keri e. pearlson and carol s. saunders testest bank ank
strategic management of technological innovation 3rd edition schilling solution manual+test bank case
strategic management text and cases 5th by gregory dess alan eisner g.t .
strategic management theory cases an integrated approach 12th edition charles w. l. hill melissa a. schilling gareth r. jones test bank
strategic management theory cases an integrated approach 11th edition charles w. l. hill instructor manual+cases
strategic management theory cases an integrated approach 11th edition charles w. l. hill gareth r. jones melissa a. schilling im
strategic management theory cases an integrated approach 11th edition charles w. l. hill gareth r. jones melissa a. schilling test bank
strategic management theory cases an integrated approach 13th edition hillschillingjones test bank
strategic management theory an integrated approach 11th editioncharles w. l. hill gareth r. jones melissa a. schilling test bank
strategic management theory an integrated approach 12th edition charles w. l. hill melissa a. schilling gareth r. jones im
strategic management theory and practice 3e john a. parnell instructormanual doc+pdf
strategic management theory and practice 3e john a. parnell testest bank ank
strategic management theory and practice 4th edition by john a. parnell instructor solution manual
strategic management theory and practice 4th edition by john a. parnell test bank
strategic management value creation sustainability and performance 1st edition charles e. bamford page west test bank
strategic management a competitive advantage approach concepts and cases 16th edition fred r. david forest r. david©2017 instructor solution manual test bank
strategic management creating competitive advantages 9th edition by gregory dess© 2019 test bank solution manual
strategic market management 9th edition by professor david a. aaker test bank teacher 's manual im case
strategic market management 9th edition by professor david a. aaker test bank
strategic marketing for nonprofit organizations 7e alan r andreasen philip r kotler im w test bank
strategic marketing problems cases and comments 11e by roger kerin and robert peterson .
strategic marketing problems cases and comments 12eroger kerinrobert peterson student excel instructor manual
strategic organizational communication in a global economy 7th edition conrad poole instructor 's manual
strategies for successful writing 11th edition james a. reinking instructor manual
strategies for teaching students with learning and behavior problems 8e sharon r vaughn candace s. bos im w test bank
street life skills for athletes 1 isbn 0072458682 test bank
stress management and prevention applications to daily life 1st editionjeffrey kottler david chen test bank bb '
strong human sexuality diversity in contemporary america 6 isbn 0073129119 test bank
structural analysis using classical and matrix methods 4th edition mccormac instructor 's solutions manual
structural steel design by j. mccormac 4th edition solution manual
stuart auditing and assurance services an applied approach 1e isbn 0073404004 test bank
for more information and u can check also the full list
i 'll take any mon in return if it has a flame orb !
i have curated a list of actresses in the golden age of holiday who i think could pay selina kyle/catwoman justice .
btw sorry a singular character post it was just by far catwoman was the hardest character to curate for the only one coming close to her in difficulty was black canary .
this was n't due to a lack of actresses in fact it was the abundance of actresses who could bring something to the character that made it difficult .
drove to work this morning freezing my ass off in my 2016 .
everything seems to work but the fan she no blow .
well above freezing temps but 45 is still chilly .
checked f4 f6 f11 f12 r50 in battery junction box and f2 and one other in glovebox fusebox .
still no blow on cold or hot defrost or low .
i 've been a seller of premium for a year now but i have bought only a handful of naked option calls .
my question to you guys is on the spy what is your preferred delta to buy at and what is your preferred length of time of the contract you are getting ?
i understand a lot of you are day trading but are you getting contracts 2 days out ?
i expect a bunch of bs answers but i would appreciate a few serious answers .
in each of my classes i 've been hitting about 950 calories burned .
as far as workouts on treadmill i usually go at about 2.3 mph but use inclines to increase effort .
most of the weight stuff have been things like dead lifts rowing ? squats etc .
splat points average around 30 per session but i know that 's because i 'm so out of shape .
i spend most of my time in orange zone and it takes quite a while to come down .
any ideas whether my calories burned are accurate at all ?
i 'm having a really hard time believing that .
so for pgy-1 programs it was a lot of id chronic disease states anticoag etc .
how should i prepare for a pgy-2 interview from a clinical standpoint ?
i know it would be within the specialty of the program but how in-depth do they normally go ?
if anyone is heme/onc should i be focusing on more supportive care e.g .
antiemesis guidelines and maybe common solid tumor treatments like breast cancer lung cancer ?
just starting to feel overwhelmed because i feel like i do n't know what to expect for pgy-2 interviews since it 's more specialized and i really do n't want to blow any chance i may have .
just thought i 'd let ppl know that shazam has been added to the australia catalogue i already own it so it would be cool to steam it on there .
not sure if it is on in other countries i 'm just making this longer for the message limit lol
hi everyone amp amp happy new year 2020 i can not believe it !
anyway i am beginning to look for a medical cf position in the philadelphia area !
if anyone is familiar with the area and hospitals/rehabs/snfs nearby please message me !
i have begun reaching out to a variety of medical settings to network and make connections in the area but as many of you know there is very limited opportunity for medical cfs amp amp slps so i want to try and make as many connections as possible .
even if you are n't from the area and just would be interested in connecting please always feel free to message me !
goin forward if anyone has any good tips when applying wiring my cover letter setting up my resume please send them my way .
i have done a lot of good research myself gathered some good tips from this sub and continue to get as much guidance from my professors as i can however i am still so terrified i wo n't find a position with decent supervision and would like all the help i can get !
pm me if you have one you 'd be willing to let go !
trying to get all the s-craft pokemon starters already have a squirtle .
✴ khi nói đến chất lượng thì ta không thể quên nói đến sự xuất hiện của dòng chữ swiss made tại vị trí 6 giờ của mặt số .
điều này góp phần tạo dựng sự tin tưởng và an tâm hơn khi khách hàng sở hữu thiết kế .
need help to evolve my shiny feebas and my shiny phantump if anyone can help me please
well the roaring twenties officially began in nola last night in the sugar bowl and will continue sunday in the dome with the saints silencing the vikings then mardi gras rolls out of the street car barn with the krewe of phunny phorty phellows celebrating twelveth night on monday night and the next seven days will resound with the sound of go tigahs in the french quarter and in around the superdome .
then all of the lsu and sec faithful will bring their version of deaf valley down the mississippi to see the three amigos joe burrow joe brady and mickey joseph the receivers coach accomplish what they set out to .
watch what coach o coach e and coach b dial up for the acc .
remember lsu last year kicked off with beating a team with a 25 game winning streak ucf in a bowl game and continued with wins over six teams that were ranked in the top ten when they heard the roar of the tigahs and let 's not dwell long on rolling into tuscaloosa and breaking saban 's heart and his 8 game win streak with no .
and after the victory on the 13th we will see that the acc is not up to playing this sec champion .
as you can gather we are on cloud 9 thanks in part to the quarterbacks of the saints and the tigahs both wearing number 9 .
looking to pick up something in the range of that price .
right now i 'm looking at picking up a 2600 for around 195 but i was wondering if waiting for a sale for a 3600 or a 2700x would be worth it .
what price would you recommend those drop to before i consider making the price jump ?
also is there any reason to get a 3400g over a 2600 ?
my younger brother is trying to play on his hp envy laptop .
it 's not an amazing computer or anything but it has decent enough specs that it 's able to get around 60fps with most games on medium graphics .
in 7days we turned all of his graphics settings all the way down and he still gets like 3fps not a typo literally like 3 not 30 .
updated the graphics card drivers and now we 're getting closer to 20 fps but that 's still ridiculously low compared to what it should be able to get on minimum graphics settings .
please let me know what your opinion is and why !
it would be especially helpful if you owned both games .
graphics/art style bright colors on opposing sides blue green-not sure red ... ships do n't have much detail on them just color .
notable gameplay mechanics player play as one ship in the center of the screen .
dogfights feel like fighting in the atmosphere turn arc/rate is limited shoots projectiles .
there is a kinda circular capital ship that shoots lazer .
other details i think i played the game on some sites like y8.com .
i checked out starblast.io the ship design in both games are kinda similar but i do n't think it is it .
i 'm 16 years old and found out not even a year ago that the earth is round .
my parents are both flat earthers and have been for the entirety of my existence .
horizontal escalation cyber direct military attack iraq militia uprising all of the above ?
i read and listen to english everyday tho so there wo n't be a language barrier at least from your side .
as title said i would like to fix that .
just dm me i would love to talk about anything or just listen about your day .
voice chat would be ideal but if you do n't like that just dm me or text via discord no problem .
i like movies indie games and i watch too much youtube to be healthy .
i have never had an experience with a guy but i have always been curious .
i am willing to rp as bottom or top .
i have two scenarios i am interested in playing out you can pick whichever is more interesting to you .
number one you invite me over to watch porn and jerk off .
in the middle of it you blackmail me to get physical with you .
number two we are the only two guys in a gym shower and i keep staring at you and you get in my face eventually dominating me right there in the shower .
i would really really love if someone would be interested .
i think it would be a lot of fun .
i 'm 19 gon na be 20 in a few months male and have mild autism .
i 've always had maintaining friendships my entire life .
i have n't really had anyone to call a best friend since right around my 18th birthday and he moved away to la and we 've only emailed a couple times in the last year .
i 'm wondering if i can be too much for other people .
i like to talk a lot and i when i get excited about something my arm or sometimes my legs will tense up because i 've got all this energy .
i 've been told i have a huge personality but it 's definitely been a turn off .
music is my number one passion and i wan na write songs but i have n't managed to write a tune since spring of last year .
one of the reasons why i think i might be broken is my frequent internet use .
i 'm always checking social media using reddit to check my comment and post upvotes and dating apps .
i 've only ever met up like two girls on these apps one i dated for a month but it did n't work out .
i do n't always get a lotta responses so it makes feel insecure about myself and not good enough .
i wan na meet girls in real life but i get so damn nervous around the opposite sex .
i know they 're people too and that they 're not really different but my mind does n't seem to agree .
i 've been through a bad friendship in the past .
he did n't treat me well and it ended with him blocking me all because i could n't stay the night at his house one time .
this made me really upset and even though it happened so long ago it still hurts me deep down and i ca n't seem to shake it .
i 'm really addicted to the internet and i fear that it has permanently fucked my perception of reality .
i just really wanted to get this all out .
i hope whoever 's reading this can make sense of this stream of consciousness .
while i know it is n't very competitive how would i go about building a dreadnought army ?
i 've had some success at 1k and 2k points as space marines or blood angels but would custodes potentially be worth taking as a detachment ?
at only '' 140 for the archillus its 8 more then standard contemptors telemons are also only 9 points more then leviathans .
taking blood angels gives me access to a more diverse troop choice but going iron hand space marines give me more survivability iron father technomancer librarians and dreadnought specific stratagems like march of the ancients .thoughts ?
i 'm doing all of this on tabletop simulator so actually getting all of the models is n't a problem .
i 'm starting breeding for shinies but i need a ditto that is n't from england .
i was in the exact spot you two were just a few days ago until i realized i could solo it .
if you have fully augmented ieyasu/botan/cleo you might as well grab a random 4th and knock it out so you can get into the better pubs in expert .
sure i 'm no fan of the man either but the fact that harassing other fans over a nameplate on a jersey is still acceptable is getting a little old now .
the advice of do n't wear it or risk getting harassed is highschool-level shit .
tennessee 4-0 against the big-10 in their last four bowl games lmaoooooo
it might not be the fault of the radiologist then it is the fault of the system .
many mistakes can be seen at first glance by the reviewer .
except this makes no sense at all since halo is far more visible and well known than tmnt these days .
the more you get rejected the more you realize people arent rejecting you as a person just an offer you made and its not as bad of a scary thing
you do n't need to be a christian to believe in god but actually i do .
but not the same way as some people do .
i mean i do believe in a god but as something above all religions .
go to a doctor with her to make sure she is seeing one .
if it checks out as a yeast infection have her use a tampon and dip it in plain yogurt and insert it for the day it will usually clear it up .
as for you if your uncircumcised wash your dick before sex always even if you just showered that day still get a wash cloth and wipe it off .
no matter whether they have the feature or not a noisy restaurant is a noisy restaurant and it 's going to limit a hearing aid user 's ability to hear more than someone with normal hearing .
https youtu.be/uasmbgblznw this video goes into the design from the leads of zen .
in gamer 's nexus vid he was labelled as chief architect .
how is this a justification and it is n't true anyway .
middle eastern countries were fighting no more wars than european ones and it was n't middle easterners that started the two big ones it was europeans .
even if it was true that in no way justifies sending western forces over there to start even more shit .
damn and i just signed up for the draft too
into an essential service that needs to recruit to survive ?
recruiting a 17 year old to join the military when they graduate is just the same as recruiting a 17 year old into the cooperation of google .
it 's not recruits veterans and active military creating all the violence in america .
but at least in homer 's case the losing side is portrayed as bad-ass as possible since it makes for the better story ... somewhat different from the assumptions made in the video .
wealthier people tend to own business and a lot of investments happen with after tax money .
if they 're corporate owners you get the double tax situation .
the corporation gets taxed then the dividends that are paid to the owners comes out after tax .
the owners then have to pay tax albeit at a better than income tax tax rate .
theoretically you 'd expand our existing business or create a new one .
it creates new jobs and you 'd shift some people from the no federal tax group into a group that pays taxes .
also theoretically less federal tax would be paid to them .
they would also be willing to spend more and the recipient of that money would have more taxable income and also more money to spend .
it 's interesting how americans think everyone is interested in their politics and local news despite most of them not knowing anything outside their borders .
but how else am i supposed to kepoh if i ca n't see anything topkek
if it 's only a 15 breaker you need to change it too .
you also need a pair of ground rods for that panel .
accounts with low karma are not allowed to post in r/ifyouhadtopickone .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to post here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose karma limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ifyouhadtopickone if you have any questions or concerns .
an gk-hr match me and gata kamsky that 's fucking right i beat gata kamsky i am a fucking legend .
i never seen an l and i never fucking will 2.5-1.5 baby till the day i fucking die .
yes bout time i got a fucking lucky break in this fucking game motherfuckers and i clutched the rook vs rook .
my insane match right here yes this is fucking it .
watch this watch this line i take look at that see how fast my moves are ?
right in the fucking flag i won baby that 's right you see that clutchness i am fucking clutch .
look at this line i take i wait i wait i wait right when we get to rook vs rook the timerscam pawn vs pawn i already know i 'm going for the perfect line look at the fucking pace 4 3 2 1 flag fell baby that 's fucking right that 's fucking it i waited at the results screen too because i went that might be match over '' and if fucking was it fucking was baby .
i am a fucking legend i am a fucking legend .
iraqis hold demonstrations against other iraqis true heroes stand up and be heard sweet princes of the revolution .
iraqis hold demonstrations against westerners in iraq shocked pikachu face .
us consumer debt is at about 14 trillion well above the 2008 levels .
about 30 of americans have less than 500 in emergency saving .
median 401k balance for thirtysomethings is 16k and 36k for fortysomethings .
while people are free to spend their money how they want most are making very bad spending decisions .
i do also hate that arc'teryx is becoming a symbol of affluence or credit card limit when it use to be a symbol a life spend in the mountains .
edit if it 's not clear my issue is more with our societies consumerist habits and that arc'teryx is becoming a symbol of it .
the other comments to that tweet also raise a good point can the other players attack the tentacles in the same way ?
in essence they are able to attack the frog from 20 feet back by just going after the grappled target 's tentacle ?
that seems iffy unless the tentacle has its own ac and hp like roper arms .
us announces air strikes it conducts in territory it has permission to operate in all the time .
if calorie counts are difficult for you that 's totally fair .
but it may also mean you need to take a break from the scale while you adjust to a new way of eating .
easier said than done when you are motivated to make it happen i know but the water and food weight are going to fluctuate and make things even more stressful if you are looking at that number on a daily basis .
i find that the more obsessed i am with losing weight ' the more i think about food the more i feel deprived the more i want to eat and it feels like a spiral of self sabotage .
but when i 'm more permissive yet observant with myself i.e .
i can have this donut but do i really want it and would it really satisfy me long term ? ''
this may or may not work for you but any diet mentality '' cico keto or otherwise can be counter productive if it simply turns into food obsession .
that said some food issues are way above reddit 's paygrade and might be worth working through with a professional counselor if you have access or have not done so already .
good luck with your goals and please be kind to yourself !
personally i do n't believe the primary emphasis on the music is what 's dumbing it down as you suggest .
the problem is the crop of online unboxing free stuff people who do n't listen to anything that could be considered goth .
yes 80s-90s goths/alternative types had to deal with a lot of harassment e.g .
friends in high school having bottles thrown at them from passing cars .
the newer kids are fortunate not having to deal with nearly as much .
quite possibly many take the ease of finding music clothing in just a few clicks for granted .
while i myself have never considered goth a lifestyle save for musicians djs promoters if the scene were truly disappearing we would n't have so much new music to enjoy .
i was going to say peretti since you look like a young chelsea peretti comedian .
i said coppola because you also look like a young sofia coppola actress/director .
not 100 sure what you 're trying to convey in this post though .
it sounds like you 're upset about political correctness '' when it comes to race/gender/income etc .
in admissions but i will guarantee most people coming from those non-majority backgrounds are not getting as much scholarship as you are .
surprised you were able to do all of the essays/app in an hour but just be happy for what you have a t15 admit with huge scholarship and
i really want just very detailed stats from schools to put the ambiguity out of it and so people do n't waste money .
if they 're weird about the money when discussing jokes making comments like that is expected to set them off .
it may have just been a joke to you but you saw it was a touchy subject and joked anyway .
¼ cup chili powder 1 tablespoon flour 2 tablespoons oil olive canola or avocado oil 2 cups broth chicken or vegetable 1x6 ounces tomato paste 1 teaspoon dried oregano 1 teaspoon ground cumin ¾ teaspoon salt ½ teaspoon sugar .
in a large skillet whisk flour and chili powder together until it 's combined
in a large skillet mix flour and chili powder together .
turn the heat up to medium add broth tomato paste oregano and cumin stirring to combine
bring to a boil reduce heat to low and cook uncovered for 10 minutes until sauce thickens and smooths out .
add salt and sugar and taste for seasonings adjusting to taste .
why yes just sentient brains piloting a mecha built from digested flora and fauna .
just remember none of this world is real it 's all just perspective .
we all live in a made up fantasy world and pretty much and all you can do is determine where you wan na go .
you decide your own happiness regardless of the opinions of others .
if i 've learned anything it 's that other will always try to bring you down and make you feel as though you are n't worth a damn .
while understanding criticism and adjusting to such you have to keep in mind that no matter what ultimately you choose whether or not you let everything get to you .
i do n't see the point to continue this .
i have no idea why you think she despised barney
she never really show any respect to him.he called him a pig for picking up girls.and she slapped him.multiple times even at the day of wedding i ca n't ever saw she doing that to ted kevin or don.and she was ready to run away with ted without a second thought i do n't think she would do something to others she dated .
she often helped him pick up girls found him very funny and smart and was in love with him for years
she helped him pick up girls because it 's interesting to see him try to get inside their snow pants robin mom 's words .
robin had all the opportunities and nine years to commit to ted .
she chose again and again to break his heart and then barney 's heart .
in the end she chose to commit to barney while ted was available and very much willing to have her
robin did tried to commit to ted multiple times ted is the one who rejected her .
he rejected when she proposed his love in his wedding day and after ted never confronted if for it .
and in s4 she was all over him.in front porch she once again hint about getting back together ted once again rejects by saying they are not ready.then robin propose the 40 year deal.she was ready to run off with on her wedding day .
she only break his one time.and the reason she did n't commit to him is not because he did n't love him it because she ca n't have kids .
barney spent three years travelling with her wherever her job took her which counts more than any of ted 's gestures
barney did n't travelled continuously travelled with her.she travelled alone too which mentions in the finale.and there were n't happy with both .
she fully knew who barney was when she chose him and she knew how much ted loved her when she turned him down .
disagree.if she did she would n't start doubt her relationship a week after their engagement .
your support mmr will never prevent you from gaining core mmr .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
unfortunately it has been removed as we do not allow issues from reddit or youtube as they are frequently reposted .
attempts to circumvent automod will result in a ban .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/softwaregore if you have any questions or concerns .
you have odd priorities but they all look fun to shoot .
i 'd sometimes say tadaima when i return home and my wife would reply okairi ! d
gusto ko i-try bumili kaso malas ako sa mga wild card haha baka hindi ko magustuhan or baka meron na ko copy .
nakita ko kasi marami nakakuha ng neil gaiman books ...
there 's a public discord server and he posts his lectures on youtube too .
i think it 's wolfeyvgc to look up on youtube and twitch .
and it 'll take 50x longer to get to dyson swarms .
he did n't pull out so he had to shut her up .
what an amazing spot to have just out of town .
i live in kinda a rough neighborhood and her uncle is the handyman so i 'm worried about cops not showing up or my apartment being sabotaged after or her getting me hurt by neighborhood men she knows .
yes after a few months it helps a lot .
to do it just look up a video on youtube .
it 'd be too easy to tell some average stoner joe dude bro i got some killer grass at my tent come this way ! next thing you know he/she is in a body bag ...
prayer is the first step in the walk toward change .
i preferred them as friends i 've never liked main characters being together i felt it was rushed and honestly callum being heartbroken would have been more entertaining .
also if i had to pick rayla to be with someone it 'd be soren not callum
our form with him and without him is massively different .
we were n't generally shit with him but had shit matches without him we always have shit matches and that 's the point .
i thought that was an ahl team we were playing lmao
each is three model years apart so probably three year leases .
so now they just have to be extra careful when buying/manufacturing in secret .
nuclear weapons are literally invasion insurance at this point .
it 's why most non-nuclear powers huddle up and treaty under the big 3 .
the map you posted is fake raftel '' isnt behind the reverse mountain .
actually it 's not the mail goes through scanners past drug dogs on a nice conveyor belt which incidentally is how they get their cause for their warrants but hey the federal pen the lower security ones anyway are likely more comfortable than the state pens so go ahead mail it .
i think i 'm assuming his parents pay for his schooling it would probably be really hard for him to move out .
my mom is a lot like this with my younger brother .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
so i can do the final spotlight challenge and get that giannis
there is more variety in my wow clan than you could ever possibly hope to encompass on a blank canvas .
it was raining pretty goddamn hard this past saturday tho
if i remember correctly it was 10 cents a call it may have went up to 25 cents by the time she died .
and every species of spider that somehow manages to be worse than that is here as well .
mcr could actually move tix with their name on the lineup .
not that many tix but more then emo nite would
bruh how did you know i been to 420 and 69 b.c and 420 and 69 a.d ?
i though the fact that i had a time machine was heavily protected ?
this post is a repost which clearly breaks rule 8 .
further rule breaks will result in a temp ban .
please read our full rules here https www.reddit.com/r/captainsparklez/about/rules and pm the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcaptainsparklez with any questions .
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
what disturbs me is how i never knew about this big event until a television show depicted it recently .
your comment is one that should have been sent via pm or one that should not have been made at all .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/r4r if you have any questions or concerns .
this guy actively planned numerous attacks that killed us soldiers and you just said more us soldiers deserve to die because of it ?
i sure hope no one in the us is planning attacks against iranians apparently it 'd mean iran is allowed to assassine them ...
that 's me playing minecraft and then like welp got ta restart and do the same thing again woo hoo
who votes for smudge and labuschagne to open the bowling too with wade and head first and second change ?
hate the contract not the player this sub sometimes he playing well the hockey gods might change their minds in 2020 and he have a good rest of the season
back muscles lats traps lower back muscles are necessary for good posture and legs are also important so you do n't look like a human with chicken legs .
israel has been bombing their facilities and their troops in syria for years now and yet nothing has happen .
the example of fat people i gave does n't apply to everyone but it is true for those who do n't accept reality and live under illusion that they 're okay or they 're enough when they 're not .
i 'm not asking you to go to the extreme end and get all psyched up for fitness .
but stoicism is built on acceptance of reality and on becoming a better individual .
i 'm sure they did n't just leave him there lol .
kids tend to let you know when they 're in pain or truly need your help more often than sometimes necessary .
that slight look down in defeat this kid knows he done goofed .
i 'm sure if they won a 'ship cowboys fans would n't complain .
i could potentially be reanimated in hundreds or thousands of years !
ah thank you for the context sir it 's always difficult to judge situations with minimal information .
so i felt i had to pry a bit more .
and you 're right that 's the sort of behavior in general i rally against for being toxic .
it simply is what it is the guy 's got a really bad attitude when loses .
heh i was in an arena match and we played normally got our chests we left a single on on the last island because we had a sizable point advantage then challenged ourselves to see if we could catch a cloudy plentifin before the time ran out .
meaning finding earth worms and having enough downtime to fish em up .
all the other teams were just dog piling around not bothering to play so we just took the win .
i figured everyone want just doing what they wanted to do and having a good time with it .
so back in the lobby all i said was gg everyone we managed to catch two cloudy plentifins ... but we could n't sell em
to which another player simply responded shut the fuck up nigger . ''
we were n't even fucking with anyone we fought the people who came after us and went along our way .
i dunno if these type of people are having just a bad day week month or whatever .
but people constantly are taking things way to far .
just like the asshole who felt it nessesary to rail into you and your wife .
i hope it does n't ruin your opinion of the community .
i find even the tilty shit talkers are usually somewhat decent people beneath it all .
they just have a weird personal issue about acting like an asshole to everyone on the internet for fun all the time and need to grow up a bit .
i 've had a lot but not that many .
if bloody harvest were still going on stalkers would be pouring out of there .
it was uncool but hardly deserving of the treatment that poor kid got .
he was n't being unkind to anyone he was just being a dork and people were so mean about it .
powerful true story of his encounters going undercover as a black man in southern us during segregation .
people act like rick makes unreasonable offers but it 's a pawn shop ffs
i 'm not familiar with the hardware but maybe you could rip it out and put it in a multipen ?
me_irl it 's like i 'm tired '' is shorthand for just i 'm in a lot of pain and suffering because of small beat-downs in life every day in many ways and i either have no time to explain because you 've just seen my face and we 're passing each other in a hallway or i do n't trust you enough to tell you or i just do n't have the energy to surmount the activation energy threshold required to let it all out . ''
how many people were injured or died in those attacks ?
sorry to confuse you but i 'm not the original poster .
i just saw that you have a living dex and i do n't need to keep it aswell
i mean if you draw a line for where his eyes are pointing he 's actually looking at the pickles .
pretty sure milktank memes are now against the rules but this is funny so who cares
i 'm from florida and have never seen snow .
so i can only imagine how cool that is tripping out there like that
i 've been looking for the name of this movie all week and could n't remember it i wanted to rewatch it haha
when you say it 's a global phenomenon or hallucination are you by chance referring to an atlantic article that spent years trying to identify it ?
it must be circulating on fb because i happened to read it yesterday then thought this ca n't possibly be the noises i hear at night. now i 'm wondering if it is !
i hear a few different types of noises though and also always at night .
one sounds like a military aircraft only it 's very faint .
another one is slightly high pitched but much louder and sounds like a mack truck or a train going full speed .
i noticed the jet sounding one years ago but the higher pitched one is much newer .
i am in the american village area near 147 and hillsborough rd .
well looks like i 'm hella late to the draw goddamn it
hello your recent post on r/snapchat has been removed because your title did not comply with our official guidelines .
you can check out the guidelines here http www.reddit.com/r/snapchat/comments/1saxrg/must_read_how_to_format_your_post .
this is the proper way to format a title age r4r description
here is a tl dr checklist of what should be in your header
use only m f t a and r for tagging gender .
use around the r4r tag so it looks like r4r .
for multiple ages or letter tags only use 's so it looks like 21/21 mf4r .
you must have a hyphen between your r4r and your title .
if you are posting about r/snapchat in general please use a meta tag at the beginning of the subject .
please visit the submission page http www.reddit.com/r/snapchat/submit ? sidebar title=age r4r title to resubmit your post .
if you get an error message asking you to wait you must wait until the timer expires before posting again .
if you 're still having issues with your post please feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fsnapchat .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/snapchat if you have any questions or concerns .
the guy on the left is blowing at her and the girl on the right is bringing her a blanket .
do all of coco 's us13 's fit like a us14 or is it just the ts aj1 's ?
and thank you for adding this google doc ! !
at least you got the math right unlike this other post https www.reddit.com/r/diamonds/comments/e2pm9w/natural_vs_lab_grown_resale_comparison that got it completely wrong .
i have been saying this probably before you even started looking for a diamond such as here https www.reddit.com/r/engagementrings/comments/d56rhj/need_help_choosing_between_two_diamonds_one_lab/f0l400a and here https www.reddit.com/r/diamonds/comments/d8p46g/how_are_these_specs_for_a_lab_created_diamond/f1finy8 .
however this argument has not been correct in the past .
it 's only recently within this past year that the resale argument flipped in favor of lab diamonds see bain report https www.bain.com/contentassets/a53a9fa8bf5247a3b7bb0b10561510c2/bain_diamond_report_2018.pdf .
at the end of 2016 lab diamonds were 80 of the price of a natural diamond at retail .
for many years previously the resale argument against lab diamonds was true they were a terrible value .
if you get outside the reddit filter bubble reddit hates diamonds in general then you 'll find most women still want a natural diamond thanks to the diamond marketing machine .
your economic argument does n't matter you 're going to get what your lady wants .
let 's say natural diamond a is 1000 and lab diamond b is 400 .
someone on a limited budget is just trying to get a nice ring and the lab diamond helps meet that goal .
now let 's say natural diamond a is 10000 and lab diamond b is 4000 this is you with a 1.5ct d .
6000 is still probably a decent amount of money for someone in this price bracket so perhaps the economic argument matters .
and even though you 've invested that 6k you still need to handle the psychology of seeing the price of the lab diamond continue to drop in the future and imagine the deal you could have gotten .
now let 's say natural diamond a is 100000 and lab diamond b is 40000 .
someone who has the means to consider a 100000 diamond is n't going to care that much they are buying for conspicuous consumption .
they 're buying a veblen good to show off and the natural diamond is the way to do it .
there 's a wider perspective out there beyond your narrow experience and what seems obvious to you takes time to propagate as beliefs get updated .
thanks for the info how do you feel about the model kits ?
are they good quality in comparison to the regular figures ?
i would say a good bet could be blending the seam edges slightly with watered-down acrylic or fabric paint .
if you mix up a shade of blue that matches the blue fur and add small amounts of water to the paint until it 's translucent you can carefully brush small amounts of this mixture onto the white fur at the edge of the seam .
when it dries you can keep adding the paint mixture gradually to reach a desired shade .
it should n't get crusty if you brush the fur in between coats .
saying that her rhetorical style is more nuanced than sam 's is hardly shitting on him .
your ex has no right to say you ca n't have a dog .
just make sure your son wears clean clothes home .
the spirit of the idea has more value than its actual application as described .
you also can find it in london uk too it is called truck festival peterborough london uk .
and i like and love all lorries all trucks fire trucks police truck all tow truck all old singapore buses and some new singapore buses .
too true we survives the middle school know-it-all-years now it 's on to the next phase !
it looks like you 've posted something related to politics religion or social justice .
important please read our rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety before messaging the moderators .
enquiries which have already been answered by these pages will not receive a response .
please also do a google search http www.google.com for your thought to ensure that it is both original and unique .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't know how much you have to eat .
he does n't have deficiencies but his immune system is wack .
last year i kept him home a few days each month literally always sick and i got a letter at the end of the school year reprimanding me for taking away his school time .
i just never know what the hell the school wants .
you couuuuld just get a bunch of trees and making a giant orchard .
they have a drug test result on 1/16 fda expected approval on 1/23 .
they already know the trial results just not public and just spent a bunch to fast track a different drug .
they wouldnt burn that much cash unless they new this trial went well .
tracking ovulation means you wo n't have to do that every day .
every other day during your fertile window is sufficient .
it can lose its romance and appeal but utility sex just has to happen sometimes .
thw worst thing is the white text on that background
everybody knows if you really want something to happen it needs a proper rhyming slogan
i regularly run for 2hrs i can keep focused on a task more easily but staying still when not sleeping for very long kind of bugs me .
i sincerely hope you 're not one of those scumbags using that alongside gigantic roar .
i honestly do n't mind seeing the rose super soul being exploited by a femajin at least within pve environments but when the exploiter starts using angry shout alongside it in order to spam gigantic roar i completely lose my mind .
iv'e had way too many raid runs be rendered completely inept because 1 or 2 people decided to steal everyone else 's damage .
you ca n't even make the argument that you just want to get your points as quick as possible because skills like giant storm and special beam cannon are both superior in overall dps since both can be used more quickly than gr and neither screw over everyone else in the process .
as for why you 'd be recovering extra ki i could n't say for certain without knowing more about the circumstances .
did this happen across several different raid runs or was it just a one-off thing you noticed ?
there 's a handful of super souls that your teammates could have used to give you ki such as majin vegeta 's if your teammate was defeated so my best guess is that all of your ki was restored rather than your super soul giving back double .
we need you to go out there and risk your life for our capital investments .
biden has so much dirt on him because of obama .
obama spent way more money than trump and obamacare failed .
he not only admitted but also bragged about doing exactly what trump was impeached for while he was vp .
because he withheld funds from ukraine to protect his son 's law firm .
trump has wildly expanded the deficit and is spending money on his own vacations at a rate we 've never seen before .
biden got a prosecutor removed in ukraine that was globally known to not actually be investigating corruption .
that move was supported and encouraged by our allies throughout europe because that guy in fact sucked .
trump might be a dick but numbers do n't lie .
and trump was very effective at delivering his campaign promises .
the economy looks good but there 's some very real reasons to be worried about it .
the stock market is doing well but that does n't actually help most people .
the interest rate is super low and the deficit is high .
that 's generally what we see in an economic recovery not in good times ...
the economy is being floated it is n't standing on it 's own .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
thank you my kind friend you have a good night and a wonderful life
i guess looking back the only thing i was banned '' from partaking in was harry potter but i never had any interest in it anyway so it must 've slipped my mind .
banning the research of opposing politicians is a foreign concept to me .
it sounds to me like you went to a private high school such as i and as much as i disagree with that stance i would n't call that fascist for the same reason i would n't call youtube fascist for banning alex jones .
but back to the original point i think there 's a distinct difference between parents blocking certain types of media and blocking your parent 's news source .
parents should be able to determine what their children are exposed to .
blocking certain forms of media because it goes against they parent 's views is not fascist its what they deem necessary to be a good parent .
on the flip side actively preventing another able bodied adult from viewing a particular news source is censorship and is as fascist characteristic .
one is a strict parenting style which is n't inherently wrong and the other is preventing another adult from seeing news from a source you do n't agree with .
spot on you summed it up better than i could .
i think mas is trying something different though since it 's telling to me that none of the traditional banks seemed to have been able to put in a bid even though they were clearly interested in doing so .
so kudos to mas for trying to be more creative '' about things ?
seems to me witchers are completely fictional non-human magically-created characters in a fantasy show/game so there is zero ability to compare them to anything in the real world .
my so and i like to watch patriot act or daybreak but now that vikings is on netflix i may dive in to that .
if i could show you that numerous scientists in the field of quantum physics have actually discovered what religions call god '' would you be interested in such information ?
all that aside conor is going to gas easy at 170 this is an easy win for cowboy .
the cia also issued a report saying russia interfered in the election .
the report i was sharing earlier lol the plots that failed intelligence lessons learned from unsuccessful terrorist attacks against the united states https www.tandfonline.com/doi/abs/10.1080/1057610x.2011.582628
yeah i do n't take yes from hacks who 've corrupted the cia for years as durham will uncover now by turning his inquiry into a criminal investigation focusing on brennan comey and the whole cahoots .
that 's like citing a rapist as to why rape is n't so bad .
dr. mitchell was the guy who came up with the torture programs and received 81 million for it .
good luck trying to prove it was 81 million lol .
mitchell personally questioned thirteen of the most senior high-value detainees in u.s. custody including abu zubaydah abd al-rahim al-nashiri the amir or commander '' of the uss cole bombing and khalid sheikh mohammed the mastermind behind the september 11 2001 terror attacks obtaining information that he maintains remains essential to winning the war against al-qa'ida and informing our strategy to defeat isis and all of radical islam .
no one so far has pointed out these claims to be wrong .
other than of course dc bureaucrats pandering with communist china like sen. feinstein would have a huge interest in the subversion of cia 's functioning .
the unfair discrediting of enhanced interrogation eit already began when the same california senator diane feinstein a chairman intelligence committee member cherrypicked information from cia documents and alleged that corrupt cia officials mercilessly tortured detainees and failed to produce a scintilla of useful intelligence in the process .
overall the senate intelligence committee failed to produce a balanced bipartisan investigation and even refused to interview any of the cia operatives and contractors involved in the eit operation .
hence the complaint by the former cia officers with the report .
mitchell laments further that traditional rapport-building techniques typically used by law enforcement did not work with islamic terrorist detainees who were trained to resist using various methods laid out in the manchester manual .
the manual was a computer file found by manchester metropolitan police in 2000 in the home of abu anas al-libi a libyan under indictment in the u.s. for his part in the 1998 u.s. embassy bombings .
al-libi worked as a computer specialist for al qaeda .
the 180-page document on how to wage war included instructions on how to withstand interrogation methods and falsely claim torture .
someone with communist sympathies though can still make a good recommendation for cia director ?
what i said we know torture did n't work because there is no evidence it did work .
we know torture works since the people who were on it 24/7 have provided more than enough work to prove it besides a partisan operation saying different by dc bureaucrats .
and again i ask so why not take other cia people not named brennan as proof that trump works for russia ?
they 're on the inside so they would know right ?
except for those being forced to accept the deep state nonsense to undermine president trump 's america first agenda .
the exact same rhetoric as spewed by the same fake news mainstream media on nbc cnn and abc etc .
i may be able to help you get there .
even black hole jumping before you have super upgraded hyperdrive is tedious .
so tired of hearing how the occupant of the highest office in the land committed extortion with taxpayer funds.
i 'm still scratching my head over that jump ball call
try the prelude expansion if your annoyance is that it takes a long time .
that was one of the most beautiful rockets i 've seen .
you must elect your official based on brains beauty and intelligence instead of money ignorance and a loud mouth .
i made no comment about the sanity '' of such methods i 'm just saying that modern anti-cheat has n't been that stupid for a long time and to claim it shows ignorance on your part .
you know this could become real soon ... because people 's usernames .
ah eu tenho tentado acompanhar esses eventos da austrália mas não vi nenhuma declaração do pessoal de fora .
i ran a self mill muldrova that won a lot with lotleth giant too i actually tore it apart to make the gitrog monster because i love the underrealm lich combo with him so much
if caps only would need to 35k or could take caps ammo or junk in trade also .
if you want to trade your arm and 29k caps that will work too .
i would also take 308,556 and plasma cartridges vs caps also .
i 'll be available after 9:30pm est to meet up with u. jlmk gt h4ckz0rz
nothing wrong with harlan and breen although their co-commentators might not be the best .
you wo n't believe what x looks like today !
i used to through down arc grenades to charge up riskrunner was an addiction
if i 'm being totally honest with you i 'd just as soon you not bring your concerns regarding your opinion on whether or not a companies marketing direction is racist or not into this .
i 'd prefer we all get along maybe share some information .
if you have an opinion on anything at all let 's keep it to the product itself .
my son and daughter go to crossroads park in wdm .
it 's a good school and we really appreciate the diversity .
valley high school has had some racial incidents however .
i suspect it 's part of dealing with an increasingly diverse population .
data from wa but can be extrapolated across the rest of oz
as prescribed winter spring burns are reduced thanks greenies bushfires increase .
you 're talking about the guy that ignored the playcall against bama and called his own number instead resulting in a 99 yard scoop and score for the tide
you guys were there for us when we were on fire .
with the new heliod it seems like wizards wanted a reason to ban ballista in pioneer before something else broke it .
you used the item 'christmas candy cane 2019 ' and did 8 extra damage
if you were here on or before new years you have a new years present in your inventory !
you meant to put ig-11 as the best nanny right ?
people fuck shit up with those id probably ask 3-4k caps for it .
thinking about it more they 'd probably catch on pretty quickly that its the same installation being uninstalled repeatedly based on machine id or something .
the person occupying the dada position also ties into whom harry suspects as being the villain usually snape .
year 1 harry is convinced it 's snape it 's actually quirrell
year 2 harry is convinced it 's draco it 's actually ginny but lockhart is a villain too
year 3 harry is convinced snape 's out to poison lupin whom he trusts completely lupin actually is a liar and hiding crucial information about the villain-of-the-year
year 4 harry is convinced moody is a good guy and roots for him against snape whose de past he finds out about it 's actually moody
year 5 as you said this one is actually pretty straightforward because voldemort 's return marks the end of the episodic villains
year 6 harry is convinced it 's snape twist it actually is snape
oh ok sorry mine never worked from the start .
no matter what or how much i cleaned could not get it to make all the way through the scene .
someone may know better than me but i think i heard that you ca n't scratch blu rays or it 's very hard too
as someone in recovery for bulimia my primary care doc has offered not to tell me my weight while still taking it if i want .
it is important for the doc to have that info but if it 's distressing to hear it then you should discuss ways to address that with them while still getting proper care .
your post has been automatically removed because it had no valid title tag .
keep reading to find out how to tag your post !
do you have a question about a product or skin concern ?
the sca routine https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/sca_routine information on building a good skincare routine deciding what products to use and what order to use them in
ingredient overviews https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/ingredients all about various ingredients what they do how to use them and product recommendations
common skin concerns https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/skin_concerns help with a variety of skin concerns from acne to stretch marks
routine order https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/routine_order information on putting the steps of your routine in order
we also recommend doing a subreddit search https redditsearch.io ? subreddits=skincareaddiction searchtype=posts comments for your question because it 's very likely been asked before .
if you 're looking for advice we recommend you post in the daily help thread https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/comments/eitprc/new_or_need_help_ask_here_sca_daily_help_thread .
that 's where our most experienced users hang out to answer questions and you 'll get the most reliable advice !
if you still want to make a post to the sub check out how to post https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/how_to/post .
you 'll need to use one of the tags from this list https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/comments/3f0jmg/meta_list_of_valid_title_tags_and_their .
a correct title would look something like this tag this is the title of my post '' .
do try to include all relevant information when asking for help .
see our posting guidelines https www.reddit.com/r/skincareaddiction/wiki/postingguidelines wiki_information_to_include_when_posting for suggestions .
we have a sidebar you may not know about filled with more helpful links !
searching in the reddit app click the three dots and then select 'search '
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/skincareaddiction if you have any questions or concerns .
both of whom have made fun of my body hair .
radiator is probably one of the easiest things to change .
always worth putting a couple more slots into any system to act as a buffer against damage
you 're ridiculous if you think that 's what people are saying .
we 're saying that you 're individualizing the problem .
by asking if we had ever eaten chocolate '' you put the blame on us and not on the corporations .
i have no control whether or not hershey uses slave labor .
by condescendingly asking if i 'd eaten chocolate treat my choice to eat a bar of chocolate as on the same moral level as the billionaires who use save labor to cut corners in a bid to gain more money than they could ever possibly spend .
they and both skin sucks the classic is great af
if you 're having trouble you can use this video playlist to help you out
i 'd say do n't even attempt the time trials unless you can beat the hard mode cpu in races consistently .
even still you do n't have to be absolutely perfect when doing these .
even the oxide ghosts leave a lot of wiggle room to still win if you mess up on most tracks anyway .
for a safer win after parry df+1 4 then rage art
it is fud when that alt solves bitcoin 's limitations is the only viable payment crypto including pos in the retail and hospitality industries and high tx throughput events is the fastest crypto and provides p2p global feeless cost efficient tx 's that are settled and immutable in 0.3 s on a decentralized and secure network with no inflation .
no other coin comes near this performance and obviously a coin this revolutionary will generate a lot of discussion and interest in this sub which is after all a cryptocurrency sub for the discussion of such things ahem cough .
it is fud when nano has only been around for a short time compared to its high market cap competitors and therefore has n't had nearly as much time to increase in market cap it has n't even been through a full market cycle .
add to that that for almost the entire time nano has been on the crypto community 's radar it has been a brutal bear market for altcoins .
ignoring all these things in favour of bullshit conspiracy theories is definitely fud .
and do n't worry everyone here that downvotes you the moderators here and me recognize your fud for exactly what it is .
i 'll sign off here no point continuing this thread with you it 's hopeless .
i ca n't determine what is worth it '' for you .
i 'd say yes '' for me and i 've been there many times i also have a national park annual pass so it does n't cost me anything more than my time and some gas .
there is certainly plenty to do even if some trails are closed .
you should have little to no trouble getting at least up to scout lookout on the way to angels landing though there might be a few places with ice in the shadows .
lots of great views there without having to go on the fin if that part is too risky .
the drive into the canyon is spectacular and you can hike/walk riverside some of the emerald pools/kayenta trail and watchman .
you could even dip your toes into the narrows to gaze into the narrows .
however you 'll need to rent proper gear in springdale if you want to hike .
then drive up and through zionmt carmel tunnel and stop right at the exit for canyon overlook trail .
might be a little ice on this one too but certainly doable .
also check alltrails and/or joe 's guide to zion online for a description of how to find many pools trail .
if you have time you could also drive through maybe hike valley of fire sp in nv on the way to zion assuming starting in vegas snow canyon sp in ut and the kolob canyon area of zion off i15 northish from st george .
i just woke up and ww3 has just started shit
i was wondering if that was the case too .
is this deal still available i do n't have fb to check there ?
die sind sehr praktisch wenn man mal kurz wegnickt und danach draufschaut denkt man man wäre viel zu weit oder in die falsche richtung gefahren und zack ist man wieder hellwach .
you think half the shit on reddit is original content ?
man you people piss me off clearly not much happening in your offline life .
i dunno man if you believe that either you are really dumb or russian or both as in many cases
it becomes very draining especially once you get to around 49 30 hp and you just wanted to burst tel fulsanis down ftw .
but he was an enemy of the us '' you see .
which as we all know equals an international death warrant .
also the unarmed protesters '' '' attacked '' '' '' us embassy and yelled death to the us '' after us killed some people using the same warrant .
such an attack had to be met with an extrajudicial killing you see .
what 's odd about her is she seems to have distanced herself from her original eps .
did something happen between her and her record label ?
you ca n't even find her original videos on youtube .
sinners liars and ocean were all just amazing eps .
i do n't get why she 'd want to disown them .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
the only difference it has to fascism is that its an oligarchy instead of it being controlled by a single grand leader and even then big brother is presented as that even though hes fictional .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ihaveihaveihavereddit if you have any questions or concerns .
this change lifts propel onto the list of the best cards for dining .
you 'll earn those bonus points when you eat at or or order in from eating places and restaurants drinking places or fast food restaurants.
if it 's a matter of thinking about getting the card or not b/c of that it sounds safe .
if you already have it easy enough to do an initial test purchase and see how it lands on the statement to be double sure .
alright tell me how much this world with privacy invasion rising of fascism and populism facebook manipulation rising of anti-science beliefs and growing rich and poor inequalities is better than the 90s one when we had nothing of that .
lawful good does n't mean they always follow the law primarily when said laws are unjust it just means they follow a strict moral code that they use to shape their actions .
having luke in the films and doing the things we wanted to see would be fan service .
but that had to be cut because he was taking too much attention away from the new cast .
i found a sewing group that meets in the library every tuesday in my area .
have n't had any luck with finding a costumer group yet though .
thank you so much for all your help and advice !
in my experience some days cerave moisturizing cream stings and some days it does n't .
it just depends on how my skin barrier is feeling that day .
the sting/burn goes away after like 3 5 minutes mostly
yes it actually does count just like trumps twitter account also counts .
some of the starting boys look like they really need a rest
man i would so much rather play the ravens again than the chiefs lol .
that offense is fast as hell and their d is finally clicking .
i think we can take the ravens in a rematch on neutral ground .
i smelled the 2020 '' dhi and it is much softer than my 2017 bottle .
i sprayed both of them on my hand and the difference is quite noticeable but the iris still there hiding somewhere ...
i bought a backup bottle but i checked the batch code 9m01 and it was made in december 2019 .
i am sure this bottle is the newer design .
i 'd definitely try to hunt down a early pre 2019 batch .
i also tested dhp with the batch code 9k01 and is smelled identical and lasted as long as my 2018 batch .
when you miss '' an order there is a greater likelihood of that order being re-sent to you .
when you decline an order it typically does not get sent to you again although it can happen .
i think that 's what they meant plus the video of the damage
meps delay was misdiagnosed at meps and have letters from doctors showing this just need meps to approve my package .
yes i 'm aware this is a long shot but i absolutely want to serve and was permanently disqualified for an issue i do n't have .
is there someone that works at meps montgomery or someone that can possibly take a look at my packet that can push this through .
i have all documentation from a civilian doctor and am completely cleared i 'm just waiting on meps to approve and unfortunately i do n't have time to sit and wait .
i 'm aware there are others in the same shoes and i 'm not trying to push to the front of the line like mine is more important than anyone else .
unfortunately i have less than 3 weeks to get this done so i can submit for the officer board at the end of this month .
i 've been working on this process for over two years and ca n't miss another board deadline .
that does n't make much sense to me but okay .
oh hit procs a sword spec swing with your mh .
if a nuclear war wages im collecting coke and pepsi bottle caps
yo i am in love as a hardcore valkyr lover this was my actual appearance for over three years of my baby sweet on you .
well i have only just gotten into taking care of myself but here what i learned
slowly add things for self-care into your week do n't shove it in slowly add things .
keep it consistent even if you have to force yourself to do it .
the way i have taken care if the way i look is fairly simple
• moisturize whole-body once a week exfoliator has coconut oil in it
• wash my face morning night even if i do n't want too .
• washing my face even if i do n't want tooo .
yes i have gotten my self-care how i have care of my appearance down pack after 3 months of trial error .
just in general but mostly family and friends they already know i am asexual but not the other stuff
just wanted to chime in as a bi guy in a long term monogamous relationship with a woman .
i 'm pretty open with my gf about it and it really turns her on when we talk about me with guys or watch gay porn .
sounds like you are pretty secure with it but some people might feel anxiety over desires they do n't ever want to act on and feel they have to keep secret .
it feels really good to be open with my gf about it is it something you could talk to your wife about ?
i kinda did that on purpose i did n't have the commitment to fully load it up with new ink .
gods can be killed as it 's been shown and doom slayer fought for eternity a really long time in hell by himself before he even got his armor .
i have read reports we tried to ship him in 2018 but there were no suitors..
imaginez si on était resté dans la tendance 70 .
pas de relations sexuelles jusque 13 ans avec verif .
this would be great with more ww2 aircraft if they can also add torpedo and dive aircraft for each side i see potential for this map .
it 's kind of like stopping your 13-year-old from watching trash tv shows because they do n't know any better .
4:30 5ish same time i wake up for work .
pretty sure that they do ... also has anyone thought of not creating a huge power vacuum in the middle east ?
yeah i actually switched to ninja which has been better than regular buttons .
99 of right wingers do n't give a fuck .
it 's like saying all left wingers are socialist sjw 's .
if there 's more bad than good i do n't think the game should be classified as average .
hey ill take all the help i can get haha
i was in the best shape when i was on nights .
actually had time to work out cook and meditate before going into work .
never understood the whole offshifts are bad for your health thing .
i have recently been playing micro stakes nl i am a newb but learning
recently i have noticed many players going with small buy ins .
this way they can go all in and see every street without getting re-raised .
you can not threaten much by betting large because they either pass or go all in .
is this just effective poker or is there a downside ?
listen ... we need more tetris games running so i can just body you bums over the course of 48 hrs .
bring in your switches and proceed to hold this l. or if someone has a match password post it and we can get this party started .
we need to make a word that distinguish hatred towards muslim people and islam as an idea .
comes with the unit both calibration weights pan power adapter and brass insert .
current has slightly mod-ed settings for better performance throws h4350 pretty well .
pretty good condition recently upgraded so no longer needed .
r700 sa mdt acc frame in tactical grey bought during the bf sale only one tiny chip in the ano sadly order the wrong one lol me .
does not come with the buttstock or pistol grip .
you can order the buttstock from mdt or buy the ar-15 adapter from mdt and use any ar-15 stock .
6iv timid love ball cutiefly w sticky web and moonblast as egg moves
5/6iv adamant level ball pawniard w sucker punch as egg move
i 'm willing to trade a few for any of the apricorn balls and my highest priority are the heavy and friend balls .
a consequence of our aptitude and passion for engineering has seen all engineering staff specialising in multiple engineering disciplines working very effectively as a dynamic development team tv service center in hyderabad http www.dynamicelectronics.in/service/sony-tv-service-center-in-hyderabad for more info contact us 9100902983 or 9059998454 or 9849902607 .
hey guys i would like to know what type of clothing i should get as i will be at monash university for the 1st semester .
i just wan na know where the best spots to farm for legendaries are in the dlc i 'm specifically going for seeing dead com
i 've just finished university and want to get a head start in life by starting to invest .
a friend recommended investnow which i have just signed up to .
after talking to him i understand some of the basic terms and processes of investing but would like to understand things a bit deeper .
do any of you have recommendations for certain books or articles about investing that would benefit a complete novice ?
our technicians are well experienced and qualified they will be there within 24 hours at your doorstep .
tv repair maintenance and installation door service timings are 8 am to 8 pm of all days in a week i.e .
we will fix your repair service time as per your ease sony tv service center in hyderabad http www.eservices99.in/sony-tv-service-center-hyderabad.html for more info contact us 9100902983 or 9059998454 or 9849902607 .
i will give out the higher iv ones first 5iv and then give out progressively lower iv ones .
flight got cancelled so spending the night at a hotel .
with our extensive engineering expertise and support network we are capable of performing a range of tasks from individual functions e.g .
procuring hard to find components to providing complete turn-key solutions for reworking and supporting or conceiving new products and service tv service center in hyderabad http www.servicecentersinhyderabad.com/lg-tv-service-center-in-hyderabad.html for more info contact us 9100902983 or 9059998454 or 9849902607 .
i am looking for a dystonia future rise to the top with no restraints on violence kind of book basically anything close to the rr books just finished the fifth .
i need some hardcore space opera with hand to hand and loss of loved character .
the thunderhead is supposed to be perfect and always do the right thing but i can think of one instance where it did the big oopsie allowing the scythedom to exist .
according to the toll ! the attempted colonies all failed because of scythe action .
! if the colonies were to be achieved first there would n't need to be scythes so why did n't the thunderhead start space colonies before rejecting the responsibility of gleaning allowing such a horrible organization to rise ?
also should n't humans be able to colonize mars and moon before the thunderhead is born ?
there is already mars colonization talks for this decade so it 's certainly possible .
michael scott is such an amazing character that he saves the office from jim and pam 's awful love story .
as individual characters they 're great but their little moments together make me want to vomit .
the biggest problem they face is pam going to art school 6 months away .
then they spend every minute together at work and outside of work and make it look so great .
no one can spend that much time together especially when working and get along .
it 's a total bullshit storyline that just attempts to milk tears from the audience .
dont mean to offend anyone i was just thinking maybe he is being inspired by this guy .
i am totally clueless on what to buy next ...
started into simracing with a simple t150 did n't have too many complains with the wheel but the pedals were pure garbage .
so i ordered the csl elite lc kit and i could n't be happier with them although the first few laps were slow .
now i 'd like to upgrade the wheel but since i never used anything other than the t150 and a g27 back in the days i have no idea how the t300 and the csl elite compare ...
could anyone who owned both give me a short advice on if the csl elite is worth the about 200 euros more ?
is there that much difference in the ffb quality ?
i am quite happy with the ffb from the t150 tbh its just a bit weak and the wheel feels ... . cheap .
i am not really interested in anything else from the fanatec ecosystem yet so buying it to get into it '' is n't really an argument .
is it even that much of an upgrade in regards to ffb feel from t150 to t300 for example ?
another thing apart from ffb quality that is of interest is noise i am often playing with my gf sitting next to me so the less noise the better .
is there a big difference between the two regarding that ?
i hope someone can give me an honest insight .
hi all first time builder and ca n't work out what i 've done wrong .
i 've tested all the parts and connections with a multimeter and they all seem okay other than the square capacitors but i do n't know whether they just do n't react to the multimeter or i somehow have blown all three ?
i have n't trimmed the wires incase i need to change things but none of them are touching each other .
if anyone can see what i 've done wrong i 'd be very grateful .
i landed sorting with an octane and pathfinder and after numerous third parties and several revives we made it out of there and every fight we got into seemed effortless .
with no communication it was like anytime i shot at someone one of my teammates would jump right in and help as if i called it out .
we got revived midfight while the teammate still fighting held their own and stayed alive .
everyone grabbed loot fast and agreed to every ping so we were always moving as a full unit .
at the end of the game we got caught outside the train yard vault tunnel by the last two teams and i repeatedly pinged to go around the mountain when u realized both teams were there and the octane agreed and where we both started that direction and covered the path while he grappled out of nasty sandwich he was in .
went around and pinched the team that pinched us and effortlessly rushed in to kill the last team .
all of it was just so smooth and everyone seemed to be on the same wavelength .
path and i ended up with over 2k damage and octane had about 1700 with 25 squad kills between all of us .
solid work on everyone 's part and i wish more random squads were like this .
it 's from victoria ii https i.pinimg.com/originals/89/16/7f/89167f738e391fef6d41500cf74b4a0c.jpg used only on the map .
did you rekindle the friendship instantly or you had to rebuild the repo again ?
as you know in 1.14 the minecraft modding community got split up into the forge section and the fabric section .
many users including me want some sort of compatibility between the two modloaders but still we do n't have any .
the forge developers stated that they wo n't implement this https www.minecraftforge.net/forum/topic/75239-a-combination-of-forge-and-fabric into forge because they are having a lot to do already and that this has to come from anywhere else .
the fabric developers on the other hand stated https fabricmc.net/wiki/faq user that they are interrested in giving us compatibility and it 's technically possible but it is n't very high on their list .
april 2019 the fabric developers showed that forge and fabric now run together on minecraft version 1.2.5 but it 's just the fabric loader which can also be used for other java based games than minecraft like starmade getting the loader working does n't mean getting mods working and also we are interrested in running forge and fabric in 1.14.4 and not 1.2.5 xd .
now we 're getting into the more technical part of the post but stay tuned it is n't that complicated .
so the official developers of forge and fabric wo n't do this in the near future but there is a big community of players and developers who want compatibility between both and maybe someone could code a mod similar to optifabric which loads forge into fabric .
optifabric works by extracting the optifine classes and remapping them to be compatible with fabric a more in depth explanation here https github.com/modmuss50/optifabric under how it works '' and i think the same thing could be done but even more complicated with forge .
but why not load fabric into forge instead of loading forge into fabric ? ''
to answer this question i have to get even more technical .
forge works by providing some patches that allow developers to do things in their mod if they want to change more in the minecraft code they need a thing called a coremod which is really complicated to develop and can lead to incompatibilities .
fabric on the other hand also gives users some premade patches using the fabric api but can easily be used to change the whole minecraft code and is a lot better when it comes to custom patches .
also fabric has a thing called mixins which forge in 1.13 does n't have so it would be difficult to implement the mixins which most fabric mods use into forge .
now i want to tell you about some mods which have plans for being updated to 1.14.4
better foliage https www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/better-foliage got an update lately fixing some bugs and performance issues and the developer stated that he is going to port the mod to 1.14.4 forge and maybe even fabric .
dynamic surroundings https www.curseforge.com/members/orecruncher/projects was split in multiple parts some of which are already released only for forge .
mo'bends https www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/mo-bends is receiving the update 1.0.0 in the near future and goblinbob said that the mod will also release for 1.14.4 at some point .
i am back with my weekly posts highlighting affordable new options on the dms guild !
this week 's picks include a papercraft dice box free maps adventures and more !
i have been playing mtgo with this deck a fair amount but end up coming against alot of decks that stop me from doing combat dmg .
what are some good noncombat wincons for sisay god tribal that you guys could suggest ?
flushed away was the animated feature that defined our generation .
it had a compelling storyline and 3 dimensional characters that were brought to life by the wonderfully executed animation and directing .
the story of roddy is a great one with an excellent message and children watching become inspired to take a step out of their comfort zone and enjoy the world through adventure .
roddy and rita are characters that all audiences can admire and relate to because of the excellent character development behind the scenes .
with a fun music choice the wonderful story line and well written characters flushed away is a cinematic masterpiece that should be celebrated for generations to come .
last night he played only the first half and hit a couple timely shots but it looks like with the return of eric we 're moving away from austin .
i 'm sure he will get more minutes when russ rests but he did n't look happy last night .
after taking a minimum to sign with us during the summer .
also a table that shows what each comfort level does ?
i 've been living alone for about a year and i hate grocery shopping .
i feel like buying fresh food is a waste of money because i ca n't get through it before it starts to go bad .
i 've been mostly buying things that will keep in a freezer or that are shelf stable '' things i know wo n't go bad .
but last time i tried to get even just a quart of milk half of it ended up spoiling .
do you have any grocery/food tips for a young man trying to live alone ?
so right now i have an a shemira and nemora and all the copies for khasos .
is i worth it to buy wu kong to a him or maybe even use him as athalia fodder ?
i 've always been a heavy sleeper with naughty dreams .
that 's where a good girl 's imagination always lets loose ... where she ca n't even stop herself from exploring all the naughtiest things she can imagine .
i always wake up with wet panties and the ache for something more ...
and maybe this time i wake up with some help ?
maybe someone caught me gently pressing myself against the bed in my sleep and took it upon himself to gently touch and tease to make that wet spot in my panties expand and soak through ... to make my hips and thighs tremble and quiver at his touch until i 'm awoken by the warmest most intense dreamlike orgasm i 've ever had ...
this good girl is n't ready for anything too rough ...
i 'm just getting into this and found this today .
i did some google search and ca n't really gather too much on it .
the hw site shows it as blue but the one i have is silver .
she had been sad all day bc i had to work both jobs and barley got to text her .
after work at 8pm i drove to her house with the letter telling her i loved her and said i ca n't wait any longer .
i 'm in love with you you should 've seen the smile on her face ! !
i am brand-new to the skincare craze and so far i find the whole thing extremely overwhelming and kind of freak out when confronted with long routines and lists of products !
however my skin has been bad this past year .
i am 28 and until about a year ago i had pretty clear skin .
lately though the skin on my cheeks and chin has been dry very red and bumpy .
i think that it 's probably rosacea i plan on making an appointment with a dermatologist this year .
i have always been predisposed to have rosy cheeks but this is constant and textured and sometimes it feels hot or warm ?
the products i currently use on my face are the following
i have been using these products all together for about 6 months and there has been no observable change in my skin .
the only one i use every day twice a day is the glossier cleanser .
can any of you kind people give me feedback on this ?
also are there any suggestions on alternative products that might be better ?
i 'm still reading through this sub and there is a lot i have to learn but thank you in the meantime !
my girlfriend has been in a toxic family all through her life and as she is turning 20 soon we are looking for advice on how best to distance her from her family .
she has an extremely narcissistic mother who treats her younger sister as the golden child .
her mom has treated her as the scapegoat for all the families problems and after my gf experienced trauma not directly related to her family in the past her mom blamed her for it and told her she needs to work twice as hard to make up for disappointing the family . ''
they are a financially well off family and are constantly using money as a way of maintaining power over my gf .
they pay for her tuition and some other costs but always expect something in return from my gf such as straight a 's payment for a phone she never asked for but her mom uses to track my gf anytime .
we want to get an apartment together so she does not have to return to her home life after the next semester of school .
we know her parents especially her mom will not like this as they prefer to maintain power over my gf by paying for her housing through her college .
my question is would it be better to cut them off if they refuse to respect the very basic boundaries my gf tries to put in place or try to compromise to avoid a possible conflict explosion ?
i need someone to help push me to seeing a new therapist .
i lost my old one due to insurance issues and need to sign up again .
but i just have n't been able to make myself do it .
i do n't know if its fear brain fog depersonalization or what exactly .
i have n't been diagnosed yet but i know what i experienced .
in february 2019 my wife had a meltdown following her revealing an affair to me .
what followed were about 3 weeks of chaos and abuse from her .
the short story is that within about a week she called me names degraded me gaslit me made me feel insane screamed at me sexually assaulted me emptied my bank account and attempted to kill herself .
all the while trying to convince me her husband to accept her new boyfriend in some sort of triad affair or something .
i had to leave the city we were in just to feel safely far enough away from her .
not to mention she pulled a smear campaign and convinced our mutual friends that i was the one abusing her .
i 've been afraid and isolated for the last year unable to feel safe or connected to the people in my life .
usually the dreams have something to do with the way she violated me or made me fear for my life .
in the dream i had run into a girl i had a crush on in middle school but in the dream we were our current adult age .
we were hanging out in some sort of bar arcade lounge place with couches and and all sorts of casual furniture and such .
eventually there was a movie playing on a projector and the two of us were just sort of cuddling under a blanket .
and all i could think in the dream is that her skin felt just like my ex wife and i started to feel scared .
then she eventually starts touching me more sexually and i felt scared the same way as i did when my ex wife assaulted me .
in the dream i started crying and told her to stop .
i could tell that the woman in my dream was concerned and had no intention to harm me but i just felt disgusted and scared with any sort of intimacy even in dream form .
and i 'm here on this sub now still struggling to admit to myself that what i experienced was traumatic .
i just need someone to message me every day and remind me to find a new trauma therapist so i do n't keep putting it off .
i want to make a editable canvas that a user can drag shapes around insert them connect lines between shapes zoom in/out etc .
i was going to create the menus and everything with react and use the react draggable library which seems like it 'd be good for the moving around part .
but the part i 'm confused about/have less experience with is the graphics part .
user can insert a circle predefined size onto the canvas do i use canvas ? .
they can connect a line between two circles that has varying arcs based on their distance from each other .
they could connect the lines from the top of the circles or the bottom of the circles etc .
or maybe there are just anchors on certain angles of the circle that can be clicked and then drag to anchor of another circle .
so what i 'm asking is if custom matchmaking can someday get some options like creative where you set the rules and other options .
i want there to be some options where players can allow anonymous mode to not be used and an option to kick certain players .
i have seen where content creators are having these fun mini games but ca n't seem to fully enjoy them with their fans due to rule breakers .
it hurts to see this so i ask for the addition of these certain options to prevent these things .
i hate to see fun being ruined so i would like the fun to go on without the obstacle of rule breakers etc .
i have a mint condition new in box logitech g513 silver .
i have only opened it to inspect still covered in it 's original plastic .
feel free to leave a offer just do n't lowball the shit out of me will ignore you .
for those who doubt it 's real many new things are contained within .
slight vent but i think it 's a fair question since i 'm still relatively new .
is cheating a known problem on console for this game ?
aimbots seems unlikely but using m k using one of those adapters is something that 's been known to happen in this type of game recently .
or hell maybe there 's crossplay with pc that i am unaware of .
but it seems very odd i just essentially got quick scoped back to back to back with pistols from roughly 50m out .
one shot to the head each time i was only stationary for one of the three deaths .
maybe i 'm unlucky/bad/new and i can accept that if true .
but i just have to know what the community thinks .
just with how clunky and awful shooting is for this game on console i find it unlikely i came across three expert marksman in rapid succession like that .
and can tell me how hard the schooling is ?
i have a kid plus full time day job .
it sounds like it 's a demanding job as long as people 's appliances keep breaking ya know ?
so i 'm not new to town but my husband moved here recently .
he keeps asking me why are there so many banks ? ''
now i 'm starting to notice that for a small town fargo has a ton of banks and most of them are not major chains .
there are tons of random ones that i 've never heard of and alot of credit unions .
one day we were driving home from the store and we counted 15 banks .
i just want to know if anyone else has noticed this or are we just crazy ?
traveling out there in the 15th and thinking of moving there ...
most of the housing stops at the base of the mountain .
is this just the typical city-effect where most people want to live close to one another and close to whole foods etc ?
or ... is this because the snow line kicks in and makes it difficult impossible to live there ?
hey memphis do any of y'all know where in town or in the midsouth you can buy cars do cash super cheap ?
i play on xbox and i was wondering should i play mouse and keyboard on my xbox or just stick to controller ?
i 've played a little of m k on my xbox and i 'm pretty decent
filipino 's cleaning service is a professional house cleaning company with a substantial amount of skills and knowledge in the industry .
our crew can handle jobs like residential cleaning organizing the laundry and also provide both basic and deep cleaning .
many property owners in the silver clover fl area find our services quite beneficial .
you can call our qualified cleaners 7-days a week for projects of any type and size .
in our 5-year career we have been trying to provide quality cleaning that meets and exceeds our clients ' expectations .
you can take advantage of our prompt post construction cleaning services too .
do not waste any more time and individual effort and see how our professionals transform your home into something bright and organized .
commercial cleaning in riverview florida apartment cleaning in riverview florida maid service in riverview florida office cleaning in riverview florida house cleaning in riverview florida residential cleaning in riverview florida clinic cleaning in riverview florida
i see people post on reddit all the time about how housekeeping services arent there to pick up after you but to deep clean and scrub services .
well newsflash i 'm hiring them to clean for me .
and if i mainly need de-cluttering and organization of my space that 's what i 'll have them do .
in fact i do n't mind sweeping scrubbing mopping etc .
its the simple cleaning up part i ca n't stand .
i 'm just now wrapping up r1d3 and have hit a hurdle .
i was out to dinner with my dad and was prepared to just drink water i had a mini-meal before we went .
but they had ceviche and i checked with the server that the only ingredients were seafood salt and citrus juice .
so i went ahead and ordered it and ate my first food on whole30 that i had n't prepared myself .
however i ca n't seem to stop worrying that the server could 've been wrong and the ceviche may have been non-compliant .
any tips on how to handle eating out on whole30 without the stress ?
or should i just plan to spend the next 27 days cooking for myself ?
it 's been a about 3 days in the emma isshin fight .
i 'm now playing on my ipad i have had multiple breaks and i ca n't get past this boss i 'm ready to rage the hell out i have looked up the tutorial and i have tried the shadow rush cheat nothing is working please tell me i can skip this as i 'm very very very frustrated with this
howdy ya 'll did me another build because i do builds when i get bored .
i 'll be honest i 'm not even happy how this one turned out i ca n't really pinpoint why but i just was n't in love with the look of it at all .
performance is great though this was really just an expensive effort to try out a 5700 xt to see what the hype was about and goddamn that shit is a good card .
gpu amd rx 5700 xt that powercolor model with dual fans but no other fanciness to it
storage 240gb ssd this drive is new 1tb hdd here is the cdi https imgur.com/a/z9ikvvo
asking 950 obo for local or 950+shipping for non-local buys .
if you want it shipped signature confirmation and insurance will be added .
timestamps the glass side panel is included i just took it off because the glare was insane https imgur.com/a/xtlkd8q
of course we come second place to god but what about our wives ?
men when was the last time you submitted to god to your wives ?
need to move a parrying dagger to my darkmoon knightess character .
have everything else to complete the look but i 'd rather not have to wait until the cathedral to get it .
3 rings i know it may seem like overkill but i 'm impatient .
the thing i see here is everybody is young as fuck and you can smell the immaturity on people that age especially if you put them into a stressful situation .
think of the cringey shit that some of your coworkers have pulled now imagine cameras catching the meltdowns and behavior ... especially with people new to leadership roles .
i saw a british special forces soldier from ww2 explain how you cut a throat .
you do n't slide your knife across their throat or anything like that .
how he said you do it is you take your knife and stab it through the side of the neck and then you cut outwards .
i started to do the same thing damn injuries f 'd my plans all up lol nice tho my man .
that 's the original disney stuff what anime was inspired by .
well i analyze the person trying to get any information of him/her .
then make up a couple of possibles conversation in my mind and finally approach to the person and try to start a conversation .
it was in a random town on the interstate in missouri .
i feel like that 's a bit much but that 's just me .
why so many pronouns cause fuck you that 's why
i wo n't be able to trade until after 17:00 tomorrow because my work schedule is whack but i like this trade .
i eagerly wait for men to get to shaving their unattractive legs then 🙄 including my bf who has very hairy legs and turns around and judges women 's .
only had about 6-7 rides so factory setup must 've been ... hasty tsk tsk scott .
first time with sram cranks so another torque check to add to the maintenance routine evidently .
only a real clueless politician thinks a couple of surgical airstrikes starts a full scale war .
old age dementia a mind is a terrible thing to waste .
or drug habits or just do n't wan na grow up nd get .
job ... homeless..need to feed urself or loved ones .. stuff like that i do n't think anyone passes judgement .
but im sure u wernt stealing 500 worth of baby formula
i 'd be all woah how did you get in my house ? !
then i 'd want to get a look at that butthole .
the only issue i had in my 2 playthroughs was in a certain cutscene on a certain planet not spoiling just in case cal sits down and the poncho goes through his legs .
i never had a single other bug other than the occasional wonky combat or weird parkour .
they need to design a box mag like the 240 for this gun so we can use it as for squad support .
i tried to make it mine in some way and i just went for it with bold colors !
too young to tell now but once they get about 4-6 inches males will have a concave plastron longer thicker tail and longer front claws .
are these the kinda beans i hear british people eat ?
thats some quirky shit quirkier than mayo for fries .
what do i know tho i eat eskimo food lol
the maximum stat boost a digimon can get is abi/2 50 .
if the digimon does n't have equipment attached you can add up the bonuses 10 hp is equivalent to 1 of any other stat to check to see how close you are to the max .
they increase stats at different rates and the specific stats increased by training is determined by the digimon 's personality as well as the digifarm 's leader .
in the digilab there is a portal that leads to all dungeons that can no longer be accessed .
if the dungeon you were just in does n't appear that means a future mission uses it .
once all missions using an area are completed it will appear in the list also future missions may add new treasure chests and stuff on top of the old ones hence why they do n't appear until all missions using them are done .
i 'm getting batsman but mainly because i 'm putting together a best-of chelsea squad .
plus my club is flushed with pacy wingers already .
poop will likely be a little wet but should n't be runny .
one end will be brown that 's the poop and the other white which is the urate .
and if he 's pooped it 's probably not necessary to try soaking again especially if it 's stressing him out .
the only weakness to embiid 's post play is passing out of the double .
granted this is n't just his fault his team-mates and coaches need to work on off-ball actions and positioning a lot more to help him do this .
he 's often looking but not much is there .
i 'm definitely curious to see how well a player can become with these controls .
eye problems could n't see myself going to work .
vullaby but can i trade you in five minutes i 'm in a max raid battle at the moment
oh so my post about ratatouille being a mecha anime is a commonly occurring thought but this is n't ?
how was your visit with your older gentlemen friend this time ?
sure it dose n't aound a lot like later floyd with all the little psych-folky and pych-pop half of it but piper 's spacey psychedelic freakouts really feel honestly really cool and spaceu and songs like astronomy domine and take up thy stethoscope are amazing tracks. and syd could write really funny lyrics that could evoke childlike wonder and fascination ex .
flaming bike and matilda mother that is why personally i love the piper .
i have two trusted sources close to the production .
i was the first person to post about palpatine returning .
i had info on the entire movie many months before the reddit leaks .
we did n't report on them on slashfilm because we do n't cover spoilers .
while i ca n't outright deny all of the claims in the reddit report to be fair almost no one outside of jj and iger could deny the whole thing my information shows they are off or outright wrong on about half of the information .
this makes me skeptical that any of its true because you ca n't be that off on some details of it and get some of it right .
especially if it 's coming from the same source .
the film does have a bunch of deleted scenes but none of them change the story dramatically .
the claims that disney would want to sabatoge jj to make him look bad to warner bros a studio in which he already signed a deal with makes no sense what so ever .
anyone in the industry knows this is laugh out loud ridiculous .
you can believe me or not but i have 17 years of reputation in the industry .
i am not saying i do n't believe this report i 'm saying i have more than enough information that contradicts the original report .
it would be great if there was a conspiracy here but there is n't .
we play 16 games this month too since we 've played less than every other team in the nba against mostly sub .500 teams although we do have two hard back to backs on the road vs mil and phi and key games vs the lakers/heat
i quickly sold my aura for safety of losing more wls no profit lol
like he said army correct usmc kinda-sorta but they usually run kac micros .
i 'm thinking i 'm more interested in sith history and lore for the time being .
i did n't realise there were 107,000 subscribers here ... .that 's a lotta beefeaters .
you 're not wrong they did take particularly unflattering shots of the originals but it 's a fact that food advertising involves a lot of tricks .
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identify theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
please refrain from posting uplifting '' threads https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/upliftingposts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
i think that if it gets to the point that a draft comes out they 're not gon na care .
prolly would be a bonus excellent he looks terrifying and we 're almost out of troops
breaking app links is just yet another reason why amp is great .
i love amp i think it 's the best thing since html .
it definitely is n't an attempt by google at taking over the web .
i ca n't wait until every site is using amp .
there is one area where google messed up though reddit results in the google search app still open in my preferred app .
this is of course highly upsetting to me because it deprives me of the experience of using glorious google® amp™ .
probably not as many kids the americans have killed bombing other countries
no card games made it to success without attractive arts and character design which dwd are n't quite good at yet .
i 'm not saying it 's terribly bad but it 's still on par with thousands of indie games with poor arts/ui and super generic bland characters .
mythgard also falls into this category and will share the same or worse fate of eternal .
hearthstone how blizzard put the board design in the top priority and it 's more than worth it .
lol/legends of runeterra how each character distinct from the other .
yugioh d/l how pumped it is every time you summon your ace monster .
shadowverse how to make a guy spend 1,000 for a single alternative hero and not regret it .
i 'm just talking about how our government was designed to operate
a lot of hell worlds are your typical fire and brimstone .
and while i could feel the heat it did n't hurt .
i had my arm cut off once and it only slightly hurt .
i grabbed swords with my bare hands once and it did n't hurt .
so the idea of a place where god sends people to burn because they were bad is ridiculous .
and i doubt you will find many people who are even remotely as bad as god was in the old testament .
of course not all hell worlds are fire and brimstone .
some of them are just really dark and creepy .
the heaven worlds i 've been were just really places .
i have seen entities pretend to be god a few times .
also i 've created my own hell and heaven worlds .
so anyone who knows how can create any kind of world they want .
am i the only one who thinks he was n't that good ?
i 'm not trying to insult you i 'm just saying it 's going to be hard to get anyone to buy that .
an adult of this species should only be around 80 ruffled wings affect this a lot plus to heighten the chance of selling her you should pay shipping .
yea they barely get any money cuz yall always download cracked versions 😭
i picked perisic because he slides right into my team but i kinda wish that i had taken batshuayi bc i like him in real life .
absolutely gorgeous you are always welcome to stay the night at my place
i actually like these memes a lot in my opinion prefer seeing ww3 memes than baby yoda because ww3 memes are a lot more creative and funny
asics gel-sight x packers game set match '' i got these while on vacation in portland in 2017 at a nordstrom rack .
i went crazy because i really wanted these when they dropped and could n't believe i found them while on vacation for 50 .
this has happened to me a couple times with my samsung ks8000 .
i went in to the input settings and re-told the tv that it is using a soundbar and it seems to re-trigger the ir .
it 's like the tv forgets it needs to be looking for that control .
i tried looking for the beta download link to it but i could n't find out for windows
brains are super strange and we dont totally understand them .
might be best to talk some of this out with a therapist .
or at least try to write down a timeline and the thoughts you have surrounding these episodes there may be some connections .
i myself have felt what you 're feeling quite a lot .
sometimes i 'm even having a great time and i 'll suddenly get a wash of let 's just end it '' dont forget that life is already so short even at 90 years that 's a blink in the life of our planet .
you can always move to a new place and start over
game and watch because of his disjointed hit boxes unpredictability and speed .
kirby because of his speed quick smashes and crazy air game
google and amazon are now in the oil business https www.google.com/amp/s/www.vox.com/platform/amp/recode/2020/1/3/21030688/google-amazon-ai-oil-gas
tweet theead of politicians never mentioning soleimani prior to recent incident https twitter.com/tomcokeisablunt/status/1213179094663344134 ? s=19
you 'll have to sort through the catch but they 're in there
before buying my last pair i went to pure hockey and the dude that helped me convinced me to buy skates that we 're about 2 sizes to small 4 sizes smaller than my regular shoes .
my cousin had her first at 14 and she 's 17bwitb the 4th one on the way .
fair to say that one is a huge af life changer
la seduta in bagno non ha portato alcun risultato utile e mi scappa già da cagare di nuovo .
bakkster we both know that sports car racing is a niche category of a niche sport .
and mpc is a secondary championship to the weathertech series .
if there was a serious push in terms of marketing and commercialization there would be more eyes but the money is n't there .
at the risk of being nitpicky i think you mean regressed right ?
it is n't the old flavors no matter how much core fans like you and i would likely prefer those .
if you cycle enough precision buffs your dps is way more that the fury offers .
for some reason he crits way less after the sp2 .
if you start looking for an explanation everything is explainable and this subreddit should n't exist .
either interesting requires lots of talent or it 's edited .
unless this is some ghost subreddit shit which it is n't and most would be edited anyway .
would you happen to know how to farm her frag tho ?
damn bro i 'm already on 1000 eggs for mimikyu alone
your mil is n't the only villain in this story .
i do n't think you should trust either of them .
i think dh would willingly take baby away from you just to appease his mother .
have your family pick the both of you up .
that 's for my first birth which was a planned csection placenta previa and no further complications .
apparent new virtual self id at the start of the technic angel portion 34:38 !
how is it cursed porn if your sopose to jerk off to it
isnt there a non lewd side or at least do some censoring please
2 no such correlations exist without massive assumptions on the part of the researchers .
and if you do n't have a sword sell your cloak and buy one ! ''
i 'm not religious so quoting a likely fictional biblical character is n't going to sway me .
i mean this as a compliment but you actually looked the oldest in 12th grade !
maree grins sipping on her fruity yet strong drink .
and having a helping hand with projects will speed things up tremendously !
and if i get this projected illusion down there would be three of me ! ''
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
please do not message us about this we will probably mute you and move on with our day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't know what your lightning team looks like beyond having lightning sasb available but i just managed to take lightning-weak odin down and did a bit of a writeup https www.reddit.com/r/ffrecordkeeper/comments/e9yr9e/mastery_survey_5_magicite_dungeon_dark_odin/fd0dqpr in the mastery thread even if you ca n't replicate it it might give you some ideas that help you survive a physical team could probably follow the same pattern if you leave out a crit-fixer and edge might actually do some respectable damage d .
my partner and i made graphs that were distance 1 by distance 2 for the x and y variabled for each whole number ratio 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 .
we got full points for the graphs but it was an invitational and sometimes the people do n't know what they are doing .
i think the graphs can be anything that has to do with your machine that can help you determine the ratio .
if the rules are vague then the graphs can be also .
which ones are the mummies and which are the people ?
my wife and i would love to join you for a spot of fun .
report him he attempted to have sex with a minor did he attack you ?
eating the last cookie/donut/whatever left in the office break room .
everyone 's too polite to eat the last one so i always eat it .
i 'll recommend you a book or two for each character
obi kenobi takes place between ep 3 and 4 and master and apprentice takes place before ep 1 and focuses on obi and qui gons relationship my personal favourite book so i hope you enjoy it if you go for it haha
maul shadowhunter takes place before ep 1 there 's also a maul comic series and the book sons of dathomir which are both great
anakin surprisingly there 's not many books about anakin so i 'll recommend a few vader books for you tarkin it 's mainly about tarkin obviously lol but vader is a huge part of the book and i think it 's a great read overall takes place between 3-4 and lords of the sith it 's about the bond between palpatine and vader also set between 3-4 also the two vader comic series the 2015 and 2017 ones are great
tobey maguire in the film molly‘s game michael cera was playing him .
u need a garage then u order cars using ur money by going into the internet on ur phone and going to transport and pick ur car
cdfw wildlife area sacramento weir just north of west sac has nobody there most of the time .
trails along the sacramento river in west sac between boat ramp and bryte park are is also very quiet .
sorry but the anprims are very convincing when it comes to programmers .
i 've heard about it but never tried it maybe i 'll give it a try !
let 's not immediately assume and thus perpetuate a terrible stereotype maybe
if people commonly use both terms your correction is both pedantic and inaccurate .
worry not the arena trainers will give them the means to make sure that the three martyrs will not have died in vain '
hes never made a 50 so we 'll have to see
and jj was pulling off the screen to sell it and he was doing that the whole game .
watch the game not the clip the refs call everything in context .
i hate that people assume just becuse its a cartoon its for kids .
an apology is warranted sure but this is some petty nonsense that i suggest you talk to a therapist about and try to get to the bottom of .
you almost cost two people their jobs because of your jealousy and that 's not something you should just brush under the rug .
is any of the countries on that route safe '' ?
yeah but representation in the house is far greater for larger states such as california than it is for smaller states .
when i told him about a class i was struggling with and he asked if he should make my professor have an accident .
the whole wings of fire series by tui t. sutherland
i 'll update your flair to reflect your new count .
181-191 ... and when i get close to 191 i drop 500 calories from my maintenance ... and when i get close to 181 then i tend to drop the vigilance on the calories .
right now i 'm working towards 170 and 1620 is my target .
yea its a decently lineup but once you improve that oline you will be set
both of my doggos have their own wing chair by their favorite window plus an additional one they share in the kitchen .
the ottomans were dealing with a pretty nasty internal revolt that was fucking their rail systems .
there isnt an absolution of having to pay the tax here under any circumstances .
the irs may let you pay later if you 're going after the employer civilly or if they recover it from the employer through legal action themselves but op will be responsible for the taxes due regardless in the end .
fuck you relax it took me like two minutes to link all those youtube videos and the first thing you say is you should have recommended someone else '' gtfo
it 's not kink shaming to tell someone they 're acting like a massive fuckhead and you 're pressing charges for theft and property damage .
ca n't be me getting downvoted for legitimate criticism of cis people
it 's so wonderful that you have reached this revelation !
it 's like a great awakening moment or something .
hoping that this year is full of bright you moments instead of fogged them moments
well they 're just friends of mine who got more serious about painting and drawing and sharing it on the internet and really held themselves to getting better and evolving their styles .
and now both of them have been picked up and featured by a couple of galleries they 're getting lots of commissions for custom works etc .
even with the previous bundle they said you got to pick 10 games from the selection same applies here .
oh gosh i 'm as progressive as they come and one of my best friends is a grassroots political organizer for the libertarian party .
so we are diametrically opposed in our politics ... ish .
we get along by finding that we both are concerned about the same issues and each of us has a bias about what powerful group in play it is that sucks .
taken together you 'd walk away with the idea of this is a problem but everyone sucks and that 's why it is a problem '' which to be fair is likely exactly the reason .
i 've found that the best thing to do is find the commonalities .
we have in common the following idiots with guns who can not be safe with them are dangerous and need addressing then we disagree as to how to address them but at least we agree on the problem militaries used in the mission of evil are problematic and we disagree about how to prevent such use of a military but we agree on the problem the justice system is racially biased but we disagree on how to right this wrong collective financing of common good is necessary but then we disagree on whether or not this collective financing should come from taxing income vs ... well i 'm not really sure the libertarians have come up with a single solution that is a sliding scale based on economic ability etc .
the conversation usually ends with a desire to find some solution that appeals to all sides and solves the problem we all can acknowledge is present .
that said i can disagree with someone on proposed solutions to commonly agreed upon problems and still be friends with them .
i can not be friends with someone who is unethical or unable to extend empathy to someone who does n't look like themselves .
about how many hours do u think you played ?
i was in an online league before i created my own and those options were n't there ...
i normally would but i 'm shooting for the 90 pze tomorrow so bangers is out for me this week
frankly i 'm kinda jealous of that😉 i live three hours away from mine so that 's pretty good but not great .
i 'm just saying i know how draining talking to an nmom can be and also how they try to talk about things they have no business knowing .
maybe next time go 8 days next month 9 might work .
i 've managed to get mine down to once or twice per month .
she 's never called me in the past it was always me calling to do my duty .
now when it 's been a while she actually calls me .
it 's quite freeing to let go of that feeling of doing one 's duty .
boston college landed 2 4*s this year and both were ots though he was only listed as the secondary recruiter and one was a legacy .
he also had a hand in developing chris lindstrom so that 's nice .
i guess it 's all about what you 're looking to find .
keep in mind people on this sub are passionate about vaping .
when people are passionate about something it 's easy to seem a bit overbearing .
i 'm on here everyday and i would definitely say i see more positivity then negativity .
i 'm sure you could show me a bunch of negative comments made by members of this sub but it 's about what you look for .
if i see or receive a negative comment or someone obviously just looking for a fight i keep scrolling .
it will be a rough choice because i do n't have any game .
debating two of whisper of a machine them 's fightin ' herds and mages of mystralia .
is there any 'must keep ' from those 3 ?
and if he sold it he 'd get maybe 200 for it if it were a relatively recent model .
but the tablet could be his only regular access to the internet where people go to find jobs and resources and sources of communication .
to say nothing of the fact that people do not have to put themselves in abject misery to deserve empathy .
none of this is to say that op is obligated to give away rooms for free or at a steep discount .
ignorance is ok when its trully not known or understood .
this to me is willful ignoring cmbecause of reasons that dont matter .
we all wan na be so important that we bypass others .
but one thing that helped me is i accepted the fact that it 's all gon na be ok .
it 's ok we all want to get home or get that hug or see out kids or side or lived one .
just put on some music you like and enjoy the ride .
cut a couple of medium-large heads of cauliflower into small-medium florets .
if you can only find smaller heads at the store you may want to use three .
i get whatever will completely fill my steamer basket .
i use my instant pot to steam and a steamer basket that fits inside it .
this gets the texture right consistently every time if you have access to these use the recommended minimum amount of water in the bottom then place your basket inside and set to pressure cook/manual for 0 minutes with a quick release .
the amount of time it takes the pot to boil and pressurize will cook the cauliflower without needing any further time at full pressure .
dump them into a bowl with a generous portion of butter about 1 oz per medium-large head of cauliflower and a good shower of regular granulated salt .
other seasonings to taste like garlic powder onion powder paprika etc .
immersion blend everything the trick is to only go until you 've broken down the florets into a rough mashed texture .
do n't leave chunks if possible but if you go full puree it 'll turn soupy .
if you do n't have an immersion blender a hand mixer may suffice but i 've never attempted with one .
someone else would loan him 20b who would receive 26b back .
he then pays off his previous debt and sits on a cool 1b profit .
or atleast thats what all the loaners thought before he lost their money
in what would have been an absolutely monstrous hit one could easily overlook the tiny bead of sweat that pablano wipes off in relief as not a single swing will make contact with this ball .
i wouldnt be surprised at all when op deletes his embarassing comments but other comments also disappearing ?
are mods deleting them but no reply from themselves at all ?
if you want to hold her feet to the fire ...
op mil you say it like you are proud .
however i am devastated that you rushed in to hold my baby before me .
you should n't have rushed in to hold the baby before i did .
however every time you brag about it it hurts my feelings all over again .
then see if she defends her actions or if she stops telling/bragging about it .
i do have to ask if your dh handed her the baby .
if he handed the baby to her she is n't really at fault your dh is at fault .
nothing i said states that we need sugary kefir or kombucha as you seem to think i said .
your original comment was an objection to my statement that sugar is a life essential nutrient but my statement is absolutely true whether produced in the liver or external sources without glucose we die .
in light of your last post on the subject perhaps you should go back and re-read my original post and then come back to what you just said as we are for all intents and purposes in agreement .
in fact my first two paragraphs were on completing the fermentation process to eliminate as much of the excess sugars as possible because as you said we do not need the extra sugars from an insufficiently fermented product whether kefir or kombucha .
my last paragraph was addressing the benefit of fermented foods so again i am not sure what has you so upset with what i actually said .
that was the first superb owl where i ever sat down and watched the whole thing on purpose .
compare your pile of crumbs to the billionaires you 're defending .
i was about to answer about combining the psychedelic met and meth one time pretty meta but i see that i 'm way off and out of my depth with my kink lingo .
haha i 'm so baked i realise know your asking about couples meeting 🤣 i saw what i thought was an abbreviation and the word sub and couples i was like this is some bondage shit that i 'm too innocent to understand
i was asking my crew about the ex2 and tier 4 class .
i was trying to get a better idea on how tier 4 's trophy was unlocked before ex2 existed ... was it through the class 4 weapons ?
i mean your scenario just relies on the prosecutors being on your side .
it would be too easy to paint you as a gun nut who just shot someone on their front lawn for trespassing .
he tried to open two doors and walked away .
call 911 and shoot him when he starts kicking the door in but not before .
pre-emptively shooting him on your porch is a recipe for a life sentence and it 's not worth the risk .
especially considering that while the guy was a serial killer after he checked the locked door he just walked away .
and if you do n't kill him and he can testify against you ?
he 'll get probation for trespassing and you 'll get 25 to life for attempted murder .
get some cute amaco underglazes or something that looks like what i do sometimes underglaze with a clear coat on top .
you can paint underglaze in when it 's leather hard all the way dry or even after it 's bisqued .
it 's the closest thing to paint in ceramics !
met a guy yesterday who looked exactly like stipe apart from a scar on his lip still kicking my ass that i did n't ask him if they were related or if he 's simply croatian
you sieve dust and i think you get best redstone drops with a diamond mesh with a bunch of gold blaze powder and gunpowder
a handful of food people 3-5 out of 60 ?
better to wait and see the people you like locally .
the fact that even your rings and necklace match with the pants this is sick
'lright everyone remember to switch account before nerding here !
why are crit multi on jewels the most popular mods instead of other stats like inc. damage ?
is it just b/c most builds have abundant inc. damage and not enough crit multi ?
damage might only be a few chaos while a jewel w. triple crit multi is 1ex minimum
love beet but eric the actor will always be number 1 to me .
they will mail it to the address that they have for you and if you have an online pay portal where you can see your paychecks it should also be there .
i 've never played with a monk in my party but my party is level 7-8 now .
i gave birth to you i can put you back in there
it would blow my mind if they did take the kids to school i 'm their blog ig would crash with excited folks reading the posts .
it would be a great way to stick it to jim boob !
nope but good lord are you dedicated to dodging my questions !
if my questions were bullets you 'd be neo from the matrix
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
the general was essentially like their secretary of defense .
by your reasoning do you know how many people the us secretary of defense killed ?
i started a poem i write a lot when i get that feeling
scarlet eyes a see through heart i felt your breath before we would start
i would recommend seeing a doctor before facing opiate withdrawal since it can be very dangerous and cause seizures specially in such an insane daily dose however if seeing a doctor is not into your possibilities or wants cutting the dosage to half the amount and start the tapering from there might be an option .
you will have to face the wd symptoms early on and start your journey through it but it should definitely become easier faster .
i would advice this since running out of pills during the tapering will be a much more dangerous and unpleasant thing to face .
i am however talking from my own experience and this would never be better than the advice from a doctor i wish you the best on your goal .
opiates are a terrible drug and getting off of them is the best for anyone .
both amazing albums but i prefer grime mc cuz of the memories i 've gotten from it and i enjoy the songs so much and listen on a nearly daily basis .
my proudest/dumbest moment leveling was getting from uldah to revenant 's toll at like level 20 without dying only to find out that i had to get a crafter to like level 30 or some crap to unlock the emperor 's gear vendor .
and that the vendor by the waking sands had all the same stuff
i originally subscribed after i saw a couple of interesting articles but ever since i have become increasingly cynical .
i tend to read the post title become a bit interested then notice the subreddit and move on .
repositories is all about database interactions example find insert delete
america bomb japan again we got ta get this thing started
too bad they do n't just turn on him considering how badly he 's fucking us over .
not really a precedent i want set but desperate times and all that .
i 've never really thought further about these things besides probably going into more schooling to get my master 's .
i 've looked into copywriting technical writing and something related to adpr .
he is the commander in chief and technically is the head of the military
one staff on my team at a mid tier was 30 with 2 kids .
could 've used tnt you get everything back as long as you pick it up and one tnt at a time
amazing how cheap you can get liquor for in the us .
no team uses acpro they are all using rfactor pro .
assetto corsa pro is mostly the same as assetto corsa .
6 where they play the instrumental for xzibits papparazzi over the scene where junior becomes boss and the feds are listening it 's fucking sick
oh i 'm sure i can find a way to help you
i 'll hold for now since someone on their will buy them for 18 sorry .
we wo n't be going to the same colleges but until then i will give her everything
you reach a point where te hero 's dmg outgrows the monster hp scaling .
this means that you never have to ascend or qa again .
this also means that idle can be used to push your hze which means you can use your tl 's to push your hze .
i 'm a recently divorced man as well and 38 yrs old .
i think i 'm somewhat attractive i make mid six figures for now and will increase still own my home and my retirement .
my ex screwed me over pretty well physically emotionally and mentally .
i made out easy compared to some other people .
i have 7 more months of alimony '' to her .
depending where you live you might get spousal support which is like alimony but during the divorce and until it 's final .
my ex worked part-time so they bent me over and she was entitled to 3k in benefits/cash from me since all they cared about was differences in income .
since you guys were married so long you should definitely be entitled to half of the assets .
make sure you get a decent lawyer though and do n't trust him/his lawyer .
i would n't worry about dating you 'll probably do fine .
as a man though it really does suck dating !
i 've joined a few sites and it 's mostly ignored messages lol .
i probably should put some better pics and work on my profile but i was just putting myself out there '' for now .
i 'd also date in my age range few years younger and maybe older but i do n't have my own kids .
i would like to have my own child one day so that is something i have to consider now when i never did in the past .
and the rotation is put 2-4 dots depending how tanky the mob is use lifetap when you need mana and lifedrain to get hp and dps with your succubus .
there is a really indepth guide you should be able to find with some googling .
next time i 'm on a boat and it capsizes i 'm gon na reach for a lime .
i 've heard rumblings suggesting mid to late february .
these figures usually get consolidated properly and released in 2-3 years .
do n't go by one half released report so soon .
you know that you 're setting yourself up for this right .
a smart man would move to one of the aa guns that all the pilots are n't spamming with bombs and explosive bullets .
maybe not the best for studying but cool song sky-hi 何様 feat .
ぼくのりりっくのぼうよみ prod.sky-hi https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=jdxrezxveyo ryuzo hate my life https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=q6nlfkgdiww also miyachi he is raps in both japanese and english .
it 's 80 's jazz inspired jpop and it 's magical .
anri-shyness boy https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ckrsn2zwt_o mariya takeuchi 竹内 まりや plastic love https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=3bnitqr4uso momoko kikuchi adventure https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=_hv6ie8l2ta tatsuro yamashita ride on time https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=1rdlhkior6a
r/citypop https www.reddit.com/r/citypop has a lot of great suggestions aswell
if you said rock i could suggest a ton more lol .
weight about the same and is the same size .
do n't have as much attachment to liger but imagining rey maybe having his last year and his last couple matches like this .
i 'd probably be a mess by the end of it .
yes youre right most successful restaurant comes with good advertisement thanks for being generous answering my post i appreciate it so much .
this thing is still bugging me and i 'm sorry if it 's a nuisance .
in the uk samsung will do the replacement in a van outside your house or work for the equivalent of 100 .
lol i 've given it another look and there 's honestly nothing .
either it 's some kind of language thing you read wrong or you 're simply playing mind games .
i was born in south africa but live in nz now and most people suck at pronouncing it .
i meant more that you could decide in your story whether or not hagrid decided to unleash them on the school .
tbh its not like hagrid does n't have any reason to hold a grudge this school expelled him and has him working there as a menial labourer for a bunch of prejudiced pureblood kids for example .
is it weird that i read kms as kill myself instead ...
i am so happy to see this post i thought i was the only one
quite a lot of people even if they 've never met your family and have no idea what they might have put you through act like you 're an asshole if you talk bad about your family .
as trump-for-a-day i would release my tax returns and medical records retweet what i said about obama declaring war on iran publicly denounce the violent and bigoted factions of the alt right grab the finest russian vodka available and see how much i can chug before i pass out or get stopped by secret service .
i thoufht the quality of his video making and content in the past few have been very very boring i liked the earlier episodes alot though
sent it to samsung they fixed it good as new .
took me 11 days from filing claim to receiving it back in mail .
final cost was 290 but better than having to get a new phone .
if you do n't complete it within the time period youtube will start your watch time over for the next 12 months .
i had 4000 watch time hrs but i only have 787 subs so i did n't make the time period now i have to start my watch time over from 0 .
hopefully this helps you and i hope i wrote it good enough for you because i can confuse people .
because literally every city has a community mental health center that provides free counseling .
let me know what you guys want i cant guarantee ill have it but id love to look for ya !
i listen to a lot of music and a lot of different types of music .
i 'm not one of those 'todays music sucks ' people .
there is a lot of great stuff out there .
but the top bands of the 60s/70s are far ahead of the top bands of today .
i really ca n't think of any bands on the same level as the beatles pink floyd the rolling stones etc .
i like to show off especially to girls and couples but guys and t-girls is welcome to watch as well 😏😈
courtesy of a kawhi leonard technical foul as halftime ended .
our district currently has a standard classroom set up of
smartboard ceiling mounted projector vga rapid run ip phone with passthrough for laptop and the teachers laptop .
with our recent move to phones w passthroughs we have at least one unused network port in each room and i 'm wondering if we could move those up into the ceiling and put our projectors onto the network .
we currently have a few art rooms that have apple tvs that the teachers can connect to using airparrot which works surprisingly well and our larger conference spaces have a liteshow in place to connect to as well by either installing or launching the program via a usb drive .
our buildings vary in size from elems with about 30 teachers to two high schools with about 80 classrooms .
my main concern would be bandwidth usage but maybe we could have projectors on a specific ssid .
beside the whole resistance thing i like that its nerfs snowballing and make puppets much more usefull .
all i remember is that i listened to that artist on spotify a good while back atleast 5 or so years .
it was a single guy singing in english using very deep string instruments and the general tone of the music and lyrics was more depressing .
most of it was him singing in a melancholic manner backed up by string bass .
his name was n't a word it was some combination of letters like xvii if i recall correctly although he did name his songs normally .
not even sure if he is on spotify anymore .
so i was wondering if it was well known that yoda had good relations with the wookiees does that mean that sidious ordered the cis to attack kashyyyk specifically to lure yoda away from coruscant so he could go about his business and put his endgame in motion without too much risk ?
if so how much should a first timer do ?
i 'm tired of downloading apps that are listed as free only to realize that a subscription is needed to use it .
if an app requires subscription or if more than 50 of the content is locked unless you buy an add-on it should be listed as trial ware not free .
my phone shows lte but i ca n't load anything .
does anyone know how to remove the center console to where the airbag module is located ?
i ca n't seem to find any information or video tutorials on the web
has anybody mounted a super deluxe on their remedy and know which mounting hardware to buy ?
i have never changed the rear shock on my mtb before and i am a bit confused on finding the right hardware .
next option was to call world wide cyclery in the morning or call sram .
so im trying to make a gamepass button in the game not gui and i put in the script and in the output it keeps saying that click detector is not a valid member of part i dont know what to do now .
because it sure as shit does n't cancel your ready up .
i am willing to play a femboy twink dilf jock and anything else !
i was wondering if any tops were in the mood for a kinky fun or weird roleplays .
we can do anything you want as long as we are both enjoying it .
i am into anything even things some people may find weird so do n't be afraid to hit me up !
i want be able to get to talk to you a little as well so we can be as much friends as we are roleplay pals !
i am a people pleaser and attempt to keep my roleplay partners satisfied so just hit me up with an idea or we can make one .
just keep in mind i 'm 100 gay ! !
requirements be literate write more than one line for each response have a ref ready when you message me tell me your kinks and limits in the first message and do n't be afraid to talk to me .
my main kinks include are not needed in the roleplay to rp aftercare anal sex receiving anthro characters babysitter breeding bully x victim canines chub crossdressing crotch sniffing cuddling cum addiction cum milking dating docking drunk extreme musk femboys femininity forced incest forced nudity foreplay gags incest incest siblings knotting tying leash collar light bondage male heat rut male pregnancy males massages natural musk non-con paw play pleasure control denial prostate play rape rimming sex driven sex toys sexy slutty clothing shorter characters size differences slight cum inflation sweat tail pulling teasing underwear bulges watersports zoophilia
with a cobb accessport has anyone tried to run it with maybe an injen cold air .
it says it requires the cobb one but is that something i could get away with ?
i love podcasts from chasing excellence '' and linchpin conversations '' .
if you do n't do crypto pm or chat me .
2 verify phone number you will recieve a text message .
3 wait for your bonus to be paid to your btc address .
do n't have a btc address download one of the following apps from android or itunes app stores to create one
messing around in casual being friendly to enemies and what not
have n't really had many strong urges until now but have noticed a lot in the last few days .
got ta stay smart seeing a few hot stuff is n't worth the self loathing that follows it 's any external material that counts .
staying vigilant and gon na post regularly in here for a while because i failed before at around this time when i took my eye off the ball .
hey guys i was wondering if i get accepted into engg in fall 2020 will i be able to take the classes only available for engg students in spring or summer semesters ?
i know this is a dumb question and i think i know he obvious answer .
after the latest update i noticed that now if i record a voice message while i 'm playing a song on my phone then the song gets paused until i finish recording the voice message .
i think it 's a new behavior because i 'm pretty sure that a week ago it would n't pause the song .
it may be useful in many circumstances but sometimes i do n't want it to do that .
is there a setting to specify my favorite behavior ?
level 50 i play pretty much everyday any invitations welcome .
i wo n't link it or deliberately alert the poster because i do n't wish to harass anybody .
but it really does speak for itself and the harm caused to mental health by this venomous mindset .
i always knew i was pretty ugly but i did n't know that it was the cause of all the mistreatment i 've faced my entire life .
so i discovered this sub and boy oh boy did i learn a lot .
all the rejection bullying and isolation that i constantly face equates to me being an ugly woman .
now i 'm not blaming my bad looks for every single bad thing that has happened to me cause thats just absurd but im just saying being ugly has played a big part alright .
i 'm grateful i have knowledge on the whole pinkpill concept cause it has helped me gain insight on a lot of things and be aware of most stuff that i would never have noticed before.but here is where the problem comes in i have become totally obsessed with my looks and i connect every little bad thing that happens to me to my bad looks .
i read your about and you mentioned being a geographist so here are my few questions .
2 what type of work did you usually do ?
3 what type of work called for your expertise ?
4 i also remember seeing your comments and you mentioned making a topographical map how do you make maps ?
hopefully you are able to answer these questions but if not i do n't mind .
thank you in advance for your answers and for noticing this post i hope you 're having a good day
i travelled across the country to come out to my parents but the day when i have to leave is coming up and i 'm too scared to tell them .
i 'm a 36m married to my wife of 17 years i told her about 5 years ago i 'm bisexual later i told my sister both had different reactions and both had negative impacts .
now i 'm just so frightened of telling my parents i think i 'm just going to put it off until i run out of time .
i really want to tell them and i feel like it will be liberating to own that part of myself but the more i think about it the more i feel selfish about telling them like what if they do n't want to hear it or why do i have to go around telling people who i 'm attracted to ?
it 's not like straight people go around announcing how they like the opposite sex .
i do n't know anymore i 've been up all night and have n't slept a minute because my mind wo n't shut off so now i 'm super stressed and feeling a bit loopy my mind is flooded with thoughts i ca n't handle right now .
can anyone on r/australia donate money without taking a screenshot making a self congratulatory post about it ?
looking to try to make breakfast sandwiches with egg cheese chicken and maybe a green ?
hello there i 'm a sophomore trying to find some clubs or pes to explore some things i think might be cool mostly for fun .
if anyone knows whether we have a scene or a club for any of these and can help me out that 'd be awesome .
archery boxing mma sword fighting big ass medieval swords preferably also a music club for someone who 's interested in learning but knows nothing ?
if you know some other cool things i can explore i 'd love to hear about them !
i went to the nets vs raptor game on 1/04/20 .
i went to the game happy as hell because my favorite players were playing kyrie kyle lowry and chris levert .
i was wearing my reps. my favorite reps yeezy 350 creams from bm lin .
i got front row seats and was hype af .
third quarter came and wilson chandler was shotting free throws .
i did n't like him so i started booing and i was seated on the side of the brooklyn nets .
one of the benched player said shut yo ass up and i said shut up bitch bench warmer .
he took me by my shirt and flung me onto the court .
head first and the crowded and referee started to laugh .
the commentator then said ohh he may have ruined the yeezy .
camera man zooms in to my shoes and in under 3 seconds the crowd start yelling fake yeezys and the commentator say well wont you look at that .
and makes fun of me while im scared just standing on the court .
wilson chandler then pushes me to the floor and goes to the bench grabs a purple light .
he grabbed a uv light and started lc my reps. i tried to crawl away then the other players held me down on the floor .
then the usher guy turned off the lights on the court so it was visible and everyone was looking at me .
he said is n't that bm lin batch for 100 yuan broke bitch .
he then whipped his cock and started slapping me with it .
when i tried to run i got tripped and cried while taking the bus home .
moral of story rep yeezys will get called out 100 .
do n't wear outside unless you wan na get bullied .
today i 'm looking for someone who can play one or multiple characters .
2 is ideal but 1 can also do the job .
i am a very very rich man or futa and i recently bought women or femboys celebs rule 34 or else for my own pleasure .
i can transform one of them into my toilet the other as the dogs breeder and a lot more fucked up things .
if you feel interested just send a pm with the list of your characters your kinks and limits .
with that we will be able to flesh things out .
hate to ask but i just got the game new .
how do i unlock the farmboy skin for luke ?
so i was just watching the clone wars and in season 3 episode 7 in thdd ed opening narration it states that ahsoka did something that killed bounty hunter aurra sing in the process except in solo becket says hd killed her ?
the whole episode is about ahsoka being haunted by it and turns out she 's not dead
i want to use a virtual switch for a vlan wihtin contaier station but i cant select that interface as a bridge for a new container .
i can only select my adapter 1 via a virtual switch the container station created itself or adapter 2 directly .
but i want to use the virtual switch on the vlan interface of adapter 2 .
hello legal advice me and my partner were doing a clean of our cupboards today and we found her grandmothers will https m.imgur.com/a/zrnlo3v
now my girlfriends mother who i will refer to as t was never given a copy of this will both t and t 's sister who i will refer to as g was/are trustees of the will .
t 's family including my girlfriend never received anything from the will while g has since moved into and claimed fully the house/estate and have moved into it .
g has a history of trying to ‘fraud ' dying relatives as my girlfriends other gran passed away earlier this year and while gran 2 was n't in a stable state of mind managed to change her will to only give g most of her estate .
i apologise if this is hard to read since i do n't quite get the story myself i 'm hoping someone can translate the legal wording to plain english a dummy like me can understand so i can explain to the family .
link to the will https m.imgur.com/a/zrnlo3v names are censored of course
edit i forgot to add my location this is in birmingham england uk
có thể bạn sẽ bắt gặp giấc mơ thấy bắt tôm ăn tôm hay mộng thấy nhiều tôm tép mơ thấy tôm hùm tôm càng xanh hoặc thậm chí trong giấc mơ bạn còn bắt gặp cảnh tôm chết ... vv .
mỗi giấc mơ này sẽ tương ứng với một lời giải mộng hết sức thú vị đang chờ bạn khám phá .
đồng thời đi kèm mỗi giấc chiêm bao về con tôm là một bộ số lô đề cực đẹp mang tới may mắn đổi vận cho chúng ta .
do đó các bạn đừng nên bỏ lỡ bất cứ lời giải nào nhé .
chiêm bao thấy bắt được tôm ám chỉ một điềm báo tốt lành .
giấc mơ này cho biết bạn đã tìm được lốt thoát cho công việc hoặc đã tìm thấy điều khúc mắc hay tìm ra được điểm mấu chốt trong mọi việc bạn đang làm .
do đó thành công và may mắn tất cả đều do bạn làm ra và điều đó đang nằm trong tay bạn .
nằm mơ thấy ăn tôm có ngụ ý bạn sắp gánh phải một trọng trách to lớn .
có thể là việc tốt lành cho bản thân và mọi người nhưng cũng có thể là một việc tốt cho bạn mà ảnh hưởng tới người khác .
do đó bạn nên hết sức cẩn trọng trong suy nghĩ và hành động .
tailwind setter typically partners with excadrill or tyranitar immune to eq solid threat by itself and good typing woo ghost immunity up yours dragapult .
opens with braviary or togekiss team focuses on earthquake flyer partner so is the core of the team unsure on item yet .
seems togekiss ca n't learn tailwind this gen guess i 'll swap it for protect or helping hand
tailwind setter/offensive threat opens with excadrill where they can both go wide with dazzling/eq .
dazzling hits the many dragons heatwave hits a lot of common 'mons atm exca whims dural corvi etc and air slash for single target stab/against grass or fighting .
our 2nd eq user otherwise will be using rock slide .
whilst in sandstorm gets extra spdef combined with av to make him tankier decent coverage in moveset wondering if i should invest more ev 's into spdef i was also considering a few other 'mons for this spot including quagsire great against set-up teams access to eq and gastrodon solid tank good against water teams .
our trick against trickroom teams sets up imprison to prevent trick room use tanky build for survivability to keep it around aswell as phantom force allowing it to leave the field often .
could also run a special attack version of chandelure in this role aswell but i preferred gourgeists tankiness and move selection .
also tempted to use large or base instead of xl for higher speed stat would have to look at calcs see what it outspeeds ?
another flyer to pair with eq our intimidate switch-in plus offensive threat overall powerful 'mon not much else to say .
so i 've always had an interest in competitive vgc but have never tried myself beyond a few curious games on showdown .
this is the first time i 've ever tried creating a team myself and feeling a tiny bit proud however i would absolutely love some feedback on items ev 's move lists and all that good stuff .
the team generally focuses around flyers and eq a classic of the series .
our open depends entirely on the opponents team if i believe they will lead with a dragon i 'll pick toges/exca if they have intimidate it 'll be brav/exca if i 'm unsure ?
having done the weakness calcs the team is weak to both rock which half my team supereffective 's anyway and ice which is n't massively popular right now and hit by fire/rock coverage .
but yeah have n't gone super in depth yet like speed checks or damage calcs against the most popular pokémon nor am i sure on ev spreads and item picks etc .
i do n't think i understand enough about the bernie sanders policies regarding tuition and debt ...
but from what i understand it seems all student loan debt would be erased .
but would there be recompense for those still currently or recently having paid their loans ?
second off making a degree free for anyone ... would that not drive down the value of a college degree especially for those truly earned one like myself who worked hard in high school to earn a scholarship ?
like i work for all a 's but some slackass with all c 's can suddenly get the same degree ... how is that truly fair ?
if you 're going to evaluate by high school grades what do you factor in applications ?
where do you draw the line at too many '' and how ?
yo i 'm here to de-stress and express myself basically get away from the corporate world when i can .
i 'll be lurking posting stories new and old .
i am use to playing the fromsoft games bloodborne souls and i 'm wondering if there 's anything when i beat the game on the easiest difficult .
like is there any newgame after it or when i want to go up in difficulty and do the game again do i have to make a new load or do i keep my lightsaber customisation i already unlocked for my new playthrough and so on ?
what if we plant a majority of the 20m trees in australia to help the wild life grow again stonger
i do n't know why i 've never tried whips before .
the pros and cons are pretty simple high damage and nice range but it breaks way too easily .
also it does n't quite feel it hits the enemy .
i mean most weapons go right through in this game and i would n't have a problem with an swords or a spears they have some leeway but this whip i think it should bounce off or something .
is the purification process something that is started by meditation and restricted to time meditating or is it started by meditation but can manifest outside of meditation ?
for example today i was deep in a jhana and had some piti stuff going on .
but then a few hours later i started thinking about something in my childhood that happened more than fifty years ago that i have n't thought about for decades if at all .
i can see that it may have upset me as a little boy it was n't abuse but as an adult it would merit a shrug momentary disappointment and be filed away and forgotten .
it is not unpleasant per se but it can be irksome .
games i want mw2 new star wars game pc building simulator overcooked 2 no man 's sky a hat in time halo also willing to see other trade offers and i do realize many of these games would take multiple of my games to trade for
you know them the valve killer bots that just keep coming and are impossible to play against the people that get insanely high playtimes on ther accounts by using bots and then constantly reference that after killing an invincible spy .
feel free to rant about them in the comments !
i have 5 goldfish in a 26 gallon tank i know i know
3 of them where the ones that i had hatched the year before and put in to my 800 gallon outside pond now i wanted to bread them again with 2 other goldies .
my outside temp is now around 44°f and my tank is in my bedroom so around 66°f when can i transport them outside again before winter is gon na hit ?
i can lower the tank temp about 6 or 7 mabe 10 degrees but not more and heating my pond is n't an option either .
we used to combine breast feeding and formula feeding when lo was newborn up until around 2 months old .
then all of a sudden lo hated taking bottles .
my husband was the one that would bottle feed at night or whenever i had to leave the house without lo to go to the city hall our doctors appointments .
so now that i 'm unwillingly ebf at any sign of discomfort or whining from lo my husband will say ‘hmm maybe he 's hungry ' and will pass lo off to me !
it does n't matter if i just feed lo an hour ago or 5 minutes ago my so has conveniently developed a hungry baby radar and can sense when baby wants to be fed .
funny enough when lo would take a bottle i was the one always telling my so to get a bottle ready it took until lo was incessantly crying for my husband to get off his arse and make a bottle .
but now it 's all too easy for him to pass lo to me and to be done with him .
this is the day you 've been waiting for let your memes become reality !
this game is more political than previous games and i have no understanding of the sphere gameplay .
i understand the basics of it but not the meta .
like how to form ngf as prussia i cb denmark for sphere but i didnt get their puppet holstein
my almost 9 month old has n't ever been a great sleeper wakes up every hour ca n't connect sleep cycles etc .
he also has severe eczema and can not stay asleep because he is so itchy .
it breaks my heart every time he wakes and his fingers shoot up to his head and face to scratch .
he looks miserable and i can only imagine how he frustrated he must feel at not being able to sleep because of the itch .
my husband wants to let him cry it out because he thinks it will teach him coping mechanisms which will help him to ignore the itching and sleep .
i 'm more on the boat of he 'll sleep through the night when he is ready and do n't mind that i have to get up in the middle to help him .
i want to make sure my baby 's needs are met but he says that he feels like he is just a daycare worker and his opinions on parenting are ignored .
i feel like this is causing a rift in our marriage and this is only the beginning of our baby 's life !
how do you manage if you and your partner have such drastically different ways that you want to parent a human you made together ?
i 'm sorry if i 'm a bother but i want to know all the ins and outs before i run into quirks that i did n't like about my previous purchase .
what about the noise difference between the models of wd and seagate we mentioned ?
also how much of a difference does the amount of disk cache make ?
i 'm pretty sure he even replied to his own tweet saying this exactly
edit y'all are defending a company who does n't stand by their products and shafts customers get fucked
gon na let trae score his average in the first half .
way late to the party but i felt the most alone when my mother left my dad and came out as a lesbian .
she was excommunicated from the church and all the kids in my school made fun of me my mother and fathers family treated us like freaks after that we live in mississippi .
i started getting high and getting in trouble during that time if it was n't for my brother being there for me idk what i would have done ... .
sorry but your post has been removed because it does n't have a title tag .
please take a minute to look at our rules and tags post https www.reddit.com/r/youtube/comments/ebv5vm/rules_and_how_to_post_mod to familiarize yourself with what r/youtube is about and how to post to our community .
please note that using a tag does n't ensure that your post will be approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's so bittersweet watching him and mahomes do their thing .
remember the bears passed on having a sit down dinner with watson .
they knew enough already that they did n't want him .
and on top of that they traded up a spot cuz settling '' for mahomes was n't an option .
god i hate this fucking franchise to no end ! ! ! ! !
consecutive playoff appearances only twice in the last 30 seasons .
i do n't think it happened like that with sea change but that did happen with midnite vultures .
meaning the us has relative to inhabitants almost twice as many homeless people .
so i went to one of those no age limit alcohol countries and had a bit of vodka .
honestly it tasted like water mixed with how rubbing alcohol smelled like .
you think the leadership of iran is completely unaware of the us military ?
it 's time for allen to release that magic arm ''
skull looks like an actual dragon and was named after harry potter .
the fact that you think iran 's military is in any way comparable to the absolute shit iraqi military tells me you have no business commenting on this issue .
the us would obviously win but it would be nothing like the iraq war .
many thousands of us soldiers would die in any invasion scenario .
russia would be surreptitiously funneling billions in military aid as well .
plus ... what do you do after you invade ?
stay another couple decades and spend another few trillion dollars on nation building ?
it 's interesting to see the leafs trying to adjust their offense to this 5 man penalty kill the isles seem to play all game .
if they can crack it i can see the isles having no idea how to adjust .
first thing that struck me after reading the post was wtf our military are us citizens .
then maybe that should have been in the title or post somewhere so it makes sense .
instead of a bunch of words with no context that makes zero sense to anyone else but you ...
even a title trying to help someone that does n't want it would have made a big difference .
... you ca n't help people that 1 do n't want it or 2 can't/wo n't help themselves .
guess i 'll just ... drive 8 hours to new orleans .
weaponizing '' something means to use it in a way that is unintended .
paying more to get better or more employees than your competition is exactly how capitalism is intended to work .
derp hatches themselves i thought you meant the dupes .
but do they eat stuff on the ground if they have a feeder ?
is there a priority system or do they just eat whatever is closest when they 're hungry ?
it 's just part of god 's plan or so i 'm told
i 'm not sure if they have it but check expresspct .
at the time neither dr. smith nor penny knew that don was onboard .
smith asked everyone if any of them had loved ones on the resolute at that time .
smith deduced that their chunk of the ship would be blasted off like amputating an infected limb and that any rescue efforts would be minimal if at all .
the struggle of his efforts proved smith 's notion that only their loved ones would make any real attempt to rescue them .
whatever issues you face you are certainly an interesting creature .
the tiger tank used in this movie is a converted russian t-34/85 which explains the non-interweaving wheels .
the mantlet is also much narrower on the movie 's tiger than on both models of the tiger 1 which gives the turret a more pointed look rather than the round shape which the turret historically had .
additionally the placement of the turret near the front made the tiger used in the movie look more like a porsche tiger instead of a henschel tiger and is also an artifact of the t-34/85 chassis .
their strongest team the one they 've been and has barely changed since it 's release i literally gave you the calcs of how i got their def that you doubted so highly they get a 77 buff on sa so you will not be able to see their def in game they 're on a 177 lead and they have supports on their rotations and that 's the 1.89467 number came from
i literally gave them all on their best teams and gave both of the teams in consideration for k c since i 'm still unsure on which lineup is stronger for them and their def on the teams .
even a broken clock works twice a day my friend .
were you unable to urinate at all or was it something that just affected the way you urinated like ballooning multiple streams not peeing straight dribbles etc .
btw ja ovdje pricam o razlozima odlaska onih silnih ljudi na pocetku migrantskog vala .
ti se maltene ismijavas i govoris kak su glupi jer se ne trude i zicaju novce za cigarete a ja ti govorim kak se tesko maknut s mjesta jer su place nikakve a nezaposlenost ogromna .
mislim smo tad imali najvecu nezaposlenost mladih u europi .
danas je situacija na trzistu rada nesto povoljnija i ljudi vise toliko ne odlaze ali samo zahvaljujuci iseljavanju .
nasa privreda je u stanju klinicke smrti vec 30 godina tako da daleko od toga da nam je nezaposlenost pala sa 20 na 6.6 zbog neceg potitivnog .
naravno pogledas li strukturu zaposlenosti vidjet ces da je pun q ljudi zaposleno na poslovima gdje novac primaju od poreza uhljebi i kad bi maknuo dio tih ljudi na trziste rada i ostavio ekonomski prihvatljiv broj ljudi u drzavnoj upravi vidio bi da nam je nezaposlenost puno puno veca .
ovakva situacija kakva je samo prikriva prave razmjere katastrofe u kojoj se nalazimo .
vidio bi da nam omjer radnika i umirovljenika nije katastrofalnih 1:1 nego jos puno puno gori .
hmmm ... shrug ... ok let 's give up and remove them from the dialogue regardless of the disproportionate weight of their impact and point out to anyone that would suggest it that they 're idiots .
so does the us and australia has comparatively no effect on the overall climate compared to the us .
your post was removed because it exceeds the 3,000 character limit .
you are not allowed to continue your post in the comments or another thread .
you will need to post it again we can not approve the removed post if you edit it .
do not attempt to circumvent this requirement you will be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
i genuinely love the entire album i know the weezer subreddit is n't the wisest place to say this but i prefer it over pinkerton by quite a bit
i would suggest silver or see if they can use wire ties .
unless they were on the trampoline after 10 pm it is kind if a ridiculous complaint .
kids play and make noise when they play outside .
just listen to music or something if the sound of children being happy is such an unpleasantness 🤷‍♀️
became a need when greene flipped to clemson and lorando johnson started to look like his grades were going to be a serious problem .
imo we definitely should have kept burns but this does n't have anything to do with him .
the us drone striked a building where militants were supposedly hanging out in response to a us contractor being killed in iran .
someone reguarded as a hero in iran got killed in the strike among others .
nationals of iran marched to the embassy and started protesting the killing and now the us is back to its normal war antics .
i 'm from the us and from all the media coverage is about all i could gather .
it 's not difficult to know an idol 's real personality when several people have said similar things about them .
if everyone who has personally known or worked with iu have nothing but good things to say about her that says a lot about who she is as a person .
personal anecdotes from people who know her random netizens ' speculation of her personality on the internet .
i 'll give you what you paid for them as well even if you 've sold them already
thanks for sharing this ad to yet another facebook killer.
just loaded up mask of light vakama 's first line the first fucking line in the films is gathered friends listen again to our legend i was wrong there of the bionicle '' !
edit motherfucking swipe keyboard chose life instead of light shit 's on me again yo .
mind you i only ever been at one ... but thankfully it 's not as you described .
we always stay at the balcony area as there 's few tables and not much noise .
non of this chasing after waiter or going to the bar to order something .
i 'll order what i want when i want .
add it being less than half the price of our local pub ?
we 'll likely go there for the 5th time soon .
but when i go with my wife it 's almost £20 per person .
nigerian and yes if given the chance i 'll scam your granny and grandad .
if you refuse to prostrate to god then i have warned you of a painful punishment .
do not be arrogant and submit yourself to him in humble submission before there comes the day of resurrection
but if you repent then indeed he is forgiving and merciful .
i 'm inviting you to the correct religion a straight path my friend .
to worship only god and to do righteous deeds .
i mildly dislike luni for constantly putting off the many problems with gachalife and it 's community with the community all being about kpop stans and people who ca n't not sexulaize and make everything fuck everyone .
so we had a study prove monkey see monkey do ?
disclaimer if you do n't put on notifications and be active i do n't want a sub from you in trying to build a community not a sub count if you do n't like my vids pls do n't sub tell me what to do and if u do n't like the video do n't come and dislike it just go away your wasting both of our times only like nd sub if you think i 'm worth your sub and likes and time i 'm not asking for a sub4sub only sub if u like my channel and what i do on it if not y'all me wut u want to see me do .
my daughter rolled back to back nat 20s in our session earlier today .
the minotaur skelly did n't last long after that .
people conflate autism with intellectual disability or dustin hoffman in rainman .
could be a good teaching moment though i do n't blame you for getting sick of addressing the same old misconceptions over and over again .
unlike the amateurs down voting us that will go to the flights and say give me give me
i 'm from new mexico and moved to oregon for a few years .
you 'd be surprised at how many people thought i was a foreigner .
rule 9 tattoo posts are only allowed on tuesday 's posts on any other day of the week will be removed .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/atbge if you have any questions .
have you ever actually played with a controller because even with the aim assist it is much harder to be accurate then no aim assist with a mouse and keyboard .
as someone who plays pc games and console games i can unbiasedly say aiming with a mouse is easier .
controller aiming might be easier for new or bad players however the skill ceiling is so much higher with a mouse
what makes you think your financial situation is more important than mine ? .
how is there no surveillance footage of him anywhere ?
it sounds like the full story has n't been told
honestly more captivated by your face than your breasts .
enjoy dating an idiot only to realise 10 years down the track that it was a huge mistake .
i know this is reddit but dump her arse .
can you help me understand what of this quality '' is ?
i 'll have to make a video because i 'm not very good at explaining things but i 'll get it done by tomorrow for sure or you can look up a video on youtube on how to do it or if you prefer to read you can google it whichever you prefer .
unless this vehicle has a turbine engine it wo n't run on kerosene
both vietnam and iraq were invaded under false pretenses .
both were/are deeply unpopular and have n't made us any more safe
we are not a reaction subreddit https www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/wiki/reactionsub '' .
we are not a subreddit about content that is merely interesting or amazing .
we are not interchangeable with r/pics r/gifs r/damnthatsinteresting or other general subreddits .
we are specifically made for psychedelic content as we define it here https www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/wiki/index wiki_rule_1_-_woahdude_material_only .
our definition of trippy is far more expansive than the obvious fractals and tie-dye concept but there 's a lot we exclude as well .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/woahdude if you have any questions or concerns .
they need to reschedule this fight and put it in australia .
these two swangin n bangin would cause shock waves that would put out the fires
oh no americorps labor crews just need you to have a little outdoor experience so you do n't die from exposure lol .
they do n't even mind criminal records as long as it 's not violent crimes .
wildland fire crews are significantly harder to get into .
they do pay a 'living stipend ' but it would n't be nearly enough to support a family no .
i was a relatively highly paid college intern position on a specialized crew and i took home about 1400/mth but the trail crews got paid like 400 ...
never give up young one complete your dreams and be a royal
i have some from mid/early 2000 's and they 're so good to re-read .
tithing never seemed right to me only further confirmed by recent events .
also the magnifying glass you live under members watching everything you do .
i remember a week after going through the temple for the first time i was riding my motorcycle around town in a swim suit and tank top .
my father got a call from a member saying they saw me around town not wearing my garments .
that 's just one example of what made me decide i was done .
learning history is how you prevent from making mistakes .
and how you learn patterns of behavior and the most likely result of it .
if you do i 'd love to see the product !
thank you and happy to know i inspired you !
i go to the gym with my husband when we can get a babysitter
sometimes we workout separately and sometimes we 'll do the same routine .
but for both of us even when working out together our headphones are in .
only thing we ask/say to eachother is how much weight and if we need a spot .
both of us are there to workout not chit chat .
just started s4 and wow i really forgot how awful kim was towards sweetie .
even though she still was kim 's assistant after s3 i felt that you could almost see in sweeties face in that scene in miami where they are smoking on the doorstep of thomas kramer 's 🤢 house after the bus ride that she understood what the other girls where saying .
but i still do n't understand why she did n't say anything to kim .
i played the open beta and felt the gameplay was departed from wildlands .
i am also a big fan of ghost war .
i just placed the order which came to 16 after taxes .
i hope the ghost recon series wo n't end up in garbage like socom ended up .
there is n't any good tactical games left in this caliber anymore .
i definitely understand it 's a social courtesy as opposed to an actual question
i mean fortnite you get save the world so it 's not like it makes a difference
parents should n't force kids to exercise of they do n't want to it sets up a negative pattern in the brain which could effect kids in later life as they will see exercise as a negative thing due to being forced to exercise as a kid
that does n't make a whole lots of sense since harden scores more on a per minute basis .
people are upvoting you for a factual incorrect statement .
it did n't hit me but im still scared of flying bricks to this day .
i have seen a few doctors therapists over the last 2 years this woman tore me down which has led to us going together for therapy now .
i know it 's only 1 session but this therapist did bluntly talk about the boundary being crossed boob to son 's face and that it was n't normal but she also did n't raise a red flag about it .
not sure if she did n't want to back dh into a corner but i was slightly surprised she just took it on board and said she did n't feel our son was in danger of harm .
i 'm 100 about being my son 's advocate and i guess i 'm doing this therapy as a way of logging down the craziness in its entirety so that if or when we separate i have documented it all to support my case .
i mean if he comes out of the fog then great but from what i 've read it 's not likely 🤔
fuck this has just made me realise how much i want daniel bryan in njpw .
obviously they were still choked up about not being able to grow sorghum anymore and were n't thinking straight .
at my current office our hr bought the cakes .
but then we went from 60 to 210 employees and it was getting expensive buy a big cake .
so now in the middle of the month we all share one big cake to celebrate who 's birthday it was during that month .
still you do n't want to reinforce negative habits when it comes to handling firearms safely .
i rally think it depends on how successful they want stadia to be .
android is bigger but apple has the largest market share by manufacturer .
i would have to think it wills be a huge boost when the free tier comes out .
hook up an xbox or ps4 controller to your iphone and go to it .
it 's just r/dankmemes for people who do n't have enough karma
i do n't really know much about insurance companies .
my father always told me that insurance is the way capitalism gambles with our lives .
adding orbital stations above the major planets has been game changing for me .
usually i would have avoided larger planets with a lot of atmosphere for larger ships like the constellation .
now i can quantum jump across the solar system land at the orbital station swap to a smaller ship and head down to check everything out .
hurston is a great place for missions and making uec .
it 's got a variety of different biomes including ship graveyards .
but i would have to say my favorite one is microtech .
it has awesome forests snow storms and beautiful mountain ranges ... . and 890j rescue missions .
that 's how it 's been made out and that 's what i 'm curious about .
i took it tonight and it made me sweaty that 's about all i 've experienced so far .
anything with phenibut seems to take a couple days to figure out though i was hoping to get some insight from someone who knew more about it .
i think he 's been pretty clear about a desire to grow and develop youth ultimate which has happened and to connect with local disc orgs .
pretty common for ngbs to have connection with local organizations in some fashion though it can take different forms i think hockey and swimming are two examples .
i think the league affiliate model has been a challenge in some cases in trying to create a framework and develop infrastructure but also try to do it in a way that makes sense for existing disc organizations of all different sizes and levels of sophistication .
i know there 's been work done on this and i 've heard it has worked well in some cases and does n't offer an attractive option in others .
he has also done in my view a good job of helping usau mature as an organization with many important things occurring during his leadership including much-needed bylaws updates ioc recognition revamped policies and committees updated safety and coaching requirements and the increased size of the staff .
but if i were to look at the overall direction usau has gone under his leadership i would say it is overwhelmingly positive .
i 've experienced the changes as a player a coach an observer an organizer a volunteer a td a creator of opportunity etc .
that 's not to say everyone will agree with every decision or like how every decision affects them personally .
but there is so much that has happened that is doing great things for the sport and going in the direction that players and organizers have been trying to push things for years .
by way of analogy if the direction we are headed is west i can see that some players might have wanted west-southwest or west-northwest and would want to see some different things but i do n't think there were lots of people arguing that east should be the overall direction maybe on a specific limited issue here or there .
something is entirely fishy about the op 's scenario .
not necessarily anything wrong if they did n't know about nitrogens benefits .
if you need to air up anywhere you do it .
it 's not just gas mileage but a big safety thing since it affects how your tread grips the road and the wear on your tire treads in general .
stick to your car 's recommended pressures and add 4 psi to that if the tires are 'hot ' there are detailed guidelines on this available just about anywhere .
if you do fill with atmosphere just ask for a nitrogen conversion when you do your next rotation .
a little bit wo n't kill the benefit just reduce it .
unless you fill in very humid conditions in which case in addition to the rim issue there 's the possibility of also corroding your valve core for the inflation stem which is often part of your pressure sensor .
if that corrodes enough it can seize and that can put you out at least 50 each just for the new sensor even at your reputable honest places .
you can still pick clarity with spellbook which is nice for champs like anivia tf sometimes malzahar etc
yes i get a little hungry after working out but la croix is my go to !
what are the plans after the year is up ?
is the thought that it 's preferable to have family caring for the baby while they 're so young ?
i 've always heard e ink has a lifespan i just did n't know how much abuse they can actually take .
i answered every comment from my post and the truth is i expected and got all the standard comments an 'am i too old for a physically rigorous activity ' usually gets .
i know i am not too old but i wanted to hear other people tell me i am not too old because i have literally been in my own lonely sad obsessive dream bubble for decades .
i paid for a whole year and went for three weeks when romero jacare cavalcanti first came to atlanta in 1995 quit because i couldnt manage my life again but in between or in the middle or whatever i somehow managed to stay in what may be phenomenal shape for my age now-61 happy new year ! ! !
! just last year after leaving detox i resumed the obsessive running and strength training i done been doin for decades i can squat bench sprint run a mile etc .
faster or more probably better than most uh sedentary young people ?
i want a physically rigorous activity done by inspiring interesting people and i 'm pretty sure hell 100 positive bjj will fill that most basic 'animal ' human desire .
i 've already suffered mega shitloads of unnecessary pain and embarassment bring us the necessary pain and embarassment love you man ! ! !
• official mm for the sub so i ensure you a safe trade !
• you can buy in any amount you want !
• you can convert on paypal if you have a different currency !
i think this is the first everton manager that i 'm going to struggle to dislike .
as someone who owes my entire interest in games to bf2005 for the longest time i kept saying that the only thing bf2017 had was better graphics ... and that was n't wrong until about a year ago .
leader of a group that us recognizes as terrorist ?
is iraq recognizing the fact that they are the lesser of iran ?
i am sure it was 100 free will in todays session in iraqi parliament .
who would care the threats of a military group with tens of thousands of militants nearby ?
i just got home and can come online if it is ok
your post has been automatically removed because you posted an image or video that you did not tag as oc or art .
please confirm that your post is original content by reposting with oc or art in the title .
it is recommended you delete the initial post before reposting .
if your post is not original content or if it is on our list of banned subjects https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/wiki/rules wiki_3._all_images_must_be_original_content.2c_must_be_tagged_as_.5boc.5d.2c_and_must_not_be_on_our_banned_subjects_list .
such as simple pictures of books or dice you may receive a warning .
after re-posting with the correct title your post will also require a description in the comments at least 400 characters in length .
our complete list of rules can be found in the sidebar or on our rules wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/dnd/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dnd if you have any questions or concerns .
sauteed some onion and garlic for a few minutes .
added a can of kidney beans and cooked that for a few minutes .
tossed in some leftover rice spinach salt pepper paparika .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
please do not message us about this we will probably mute you and move on with our day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
yes 100 right but bitstamp is in the game since 2011
already survived a hack and paid everyone his money back ... .
if you cant or dont want to setup a bot you can also just login with 2fa and do the market buy on ur own ...
takes not even 2 mins but you have to do it manually
but you will still get the best price ... and the best fees
for me it doesnt make a difference if the money is on my bank or on bitstamp in usd/eur
eur and usd cant get hacked anyway ... and the risk of the btcs you can also determine by urself ...
its on you how often you send btc to ur cold wallet ... you can save up fees by only transfering once a week ...
150 worth of btc risk for like 10 less fees ?
sounds like a good deal for me ... but still you can do it however you want ... and i mean they already got hacked once they have learned their lesson they put so much effort in security after that hack ... even with their employes and everything around
i did date one girl who had that kinda expectation but looking back now she was p dodgy in other ways .
the others did n't and they were generally better overall .
it 's nearly impossible to learn a functional amount of a new language in just 30 minutes
that 's a margin or error big enough for almost a whole qualification !
grandma we used to get married while we were still virgins !
and her husband was 10 years older and they had 8 kids
this does n't look bad when you 've been so inundated with incredibly self annihilating surgeries that it 's hard to see how mangled this is .
you should have sold the non-gendered version as mcpremiumcontent tm .
but now that i think about it only libleft would buy it .
i 'm plat 3 in 3 's a year ago i was gold 2 .
right now i 'm plat 1 in rumble and a year ago i was diamond 2 .
okay since i have two upvotes i feel like i should clarify when a pokemon dynamaxes/gigantimaxes it gets red outlines .
agreed that smaller is better when you 're in between vest sizes .
i 'm kicking myself for going large instead of medium on my ultimate direction vest .
my advice u/mikemarcacci is to try the larger size with absolutely nothing in it .
if you have to cinch it down allll the way to get it snug enough then it might be slightly too big for you .
my daughter kept quoting some viral video https youtu.be/7lbbhsvvfjc of someone saying no ma'am ! and i finally asked her to play it for me so i 'd have some context .
when it started it was so loud i almost drove off the road i do n't have autopilot .
if normal human is just speaking from how i feel instead of being correct with facts and knowledge i 'd rather not by all means if it serves you to do so .
well then sounds like you 're just a pedantic arsehole .
that 's actually bogotá colombia have got to love the drivers in my city !
why do you seem so bent on hating on warrant ?
i 'll wait for ryzen 4000 and keep my 2600/v64 setup for now .
wow is making big changes to encourage new players to the game in the new expansion .
ok curious why is it called veterans overlook '' general memorial or something specific ?
it took way to long to see a r6 meme making this joke😂
i make my own i get up very early some sunday mornings like today and do the decard then cook in coco oil .
i simple version i would reccomend i do this is take a slice of cold pizza put on some weed at the end corner fold over and bake at 240 or lower if you have more time this will give you a very good edible .
i also mask the smell by making coffee or lavender tea open the overn exhaust you should be fine .
side question for op any way we can get other stats like height and body fat ?
reading german sourced made me believe it 's totally necessary i think .
i read the faq but i think i just got just insecure today .
it tends to affect the young the poor and those most in need ... just as intended .
it was widely done in ga as i recall helping to elect a republican supported by the old rich and established .
this is not a progressive bill it 's regressive .
it prevents the market from adjusting to today 's trends and making use of current technology that gives people freedom and control over those greedy capitalist companies that would exploit them for their labor .
now those greedy capitalist companies will just outsource the labor from other states while you the worker will have to beg and plead for work from the now more powerful greedy capitalist company .
why should i hire you a californian full time when i can get 5 people from other states to do the job for way less ? ''
man i wish that were true however it 's been going strong since blair witch was so successful and so cheap to make .
we 've had a bunch of successful ones in the last couple of years as well .
'no one can fall in love if he is even partially satisfied with what he has or who he is .
the experience of falling in love originates in an extreme depression and inability to find something that has value in everyday life '
if you agree with francesco you also agree that the fact that you did recently fall in love indicates that you see some kind if value in being in love .
that feeling ca n't be replaced by anything else and is worth the risk of unrequitted love .
in time you will be ready to take this risk again .
the only rights you have are the ones you can defend with your ar15
when you 're 50 80 year old people will call you a kid .
sadly the game was already up to date and downloading again has n't helped .
yahoo briefly had a ceo that claimed to have a computer science degree from a small liberal arts school that only had a single computer science course .
so yeah there is no reason to work flex on a rainy day .
packages get wet you can damage your car accidents every corner cant get to see addresses number and stuff ... all thar for 60 bucks ... hell noooo
we place so much value on romantic love and there 's just so much more out there .
i think finding human connection is really at the heart of all of it .
and you can do that with good friendships nurturing your friendships and connections with family building hobbies with like-minded people .
these do n't have to be romantic relationships to be fulfilling .
also i think if you 're in a place where you can get the physical connection of a trusted consenting sex worker that 's nothing to be ashamed of .
from my limited knowledge it 's tricky because in places where it 's criminalized it can be hard to protect yourself and be sure you 're patronizing an actual businessperson and not someone being coerced or trafficked .
not to mention rebooting is amnesia not necromancy or cloning .
you still need a live exo in the process of rejecting their body to reboot them .
a bit sad that the fa cup has such a low priority that we would introduce such a lineup .
some of my favorite memories from childhood is watching owen demolishing arsenal in the fa cup .
oddly enough i do this but somehow i slip .
however i 've never tried to use reddit and post during the sewer time lol .
join the divine few we are an active clan that is almost full looking for active members !
thank you i was looking for context other than big pig jokes .
well i kind of get used to the messed up controls and i use it normally except for kuzenbo the farter 's one crash the game .
there have been lot of tips but selecting section with ○ you ca n't skip choosing ca n't cancel it though can choose any item for that experiment with l1/r1 combinations .
if you 've chatted with 300 guys already it 's not just on them it 's probably more so on you .
you are where you need to be changing platforms probably wo n't yield you better results .
you are looking for something highly specific does your profile reflect that ?
be sure to use as many visual aides available to you to exactly convey what it is that you 're looking for .
if you 're not willing to compromise on your fantasy then at the very least help them help you have some those high quality sensual dickpics of your own on hand and ask them to recreate it .
and try to keep an open mind sucking a dick should n't be this hard .
it creates an unnatural urge to consume a ridiculous amount of calories and non food items .
people with the condition also have the mental capacity of a 4 to 6 year old .
when i started my death march run i was having serious doubt the first 10 hrs can be really gruelling .
then you have that super annoying head shot trophy and the extremely lissable and time consuming but tons of fun gwent trophy .
havent played dmc5 or gow3 but ive heard rumours of theur difficulty .
it would seem that the attempts to settle chaco have gone swimmingly 19 with bolivia none the wiser for quite some time until the buildup of fortin dorado was completed .
at this point bolivia seems to simply lodge diplomatic protests at this blatant colonization of disputed territory and make idle threats of solving the dispute by force but nothing is done save for a quick mustering of halfhazard troops into neighboring bolivian regions 3/20 .
i remember the one that menaged to get in at very last so we were 9/8 when he joined and stole my loot oof .
then he started thanking the whole group for the free loot
my parents told me it was for hygiene but i have read a little and watched a few videos seems like hygiene is n't an huge issue as i 've always taken regular showers .
also it 's not for a religion we do n't do that .
does the second one also give a better reading experience than the first one ?
here is one small advice from me do n't listen to people who recommend vegan cheeses .
all vegan cheese is disgusting and is n't a real substitute to the godly pleasure of smelly cambozola or young soft tilsiter .
there is no denying that going vegan means losing some foods forever .
we are adults and we can overcome our impulses if we are convinced that is the right thing .
it 's so heartwarming to see them just go with it right off the bat !
i hope i can find friends who 'd be supportive ...
he 's only somewhat relevant thanks to the patriots .
fucking clown i hope he gets injured next game fucking piece of shit .
1. https streamable.com/uxaa0 and in an image so you can read the stupidity https i.redd.it/ew95mhh2n6c21.jpg
2. https streamable.com/ly4z6 stupid people stop saying we need to do siding .
sips are fine uv damage takes decades and is only cosmetic https www.reddit.com/r/purelivingonyoutube/comments/cd5ldb/jesse_stafford_suggests_exposed_sips_will_last
vaguely remember u/patrick_spens another rant in the bathroom complaining about people saying he needs to do siding .
maybe we should make a collection of all instances he said he does n't need to do siding ...
i checked 90,648,570 image posts and did n't find a close match
the closest match is this post https redd.it/dvc6i5 at 64.06 .
visit r/repostsleuthbot i 'm not perfect but you can help .
report false negative https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20negative message=https redd.it/ekabmz
well seeing as it wasnt during a time of war and no allies were notified i 'd say that its fucking terrorism
i watched his video and there was n't any content used from the guy .
notser only spoke for a few minutes about how someone grinded 104 hours to get the pr for free .
do n't know whats about all the drama here on reddit .
what ... well i think that 's something completely made up afterwards .
i guess after reading f b i finally saw how rich is the world grrm created and how many stories there are to tell .
i was n't so excited for the blood moon as i felt it 's once again white walkers against humanity but house of the dragon sounds amazing even if they 're supposedly doing only the dance of dragons instead of adapting the whole book .
they 're extremely sensitive to coldness.. had to transport mine through winter air and it died 2 days later
i get how awful it is but what can even be done ?
i 've seen the videos ... there 's no stopping them !
chuck norris and do i really have to give a reason ?
he 's being very vague about who is helping him .
when referring to the members of the pts he calls them by their codenames and then when he refers to confidants its more or less like someone did x thing for us ''
i hate weight loss the main issue is how long it takes
your thread has been automatically removed but will be re-approved once it has been flaired .
your thread will only be monitored for 15 minutes after this comment was created .
if you add a flair after that period it will have no effect and you will have to re-submit your thread .
if you have a question or suggestion feel free to pm my maintainer https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=antonlabz subject=flair enforcer bot .
it 's been such a tremendous venue these last two years .
madarchod hindi for motherfucker used in roughly the same context as it is in english e.g fuck you motherfucker !
lol i posted about your 5head before i saw you called it that
he isnt getting any younger and his wwe matches are a lot easier on the body compared to the njpw days .
do you know how much money they 've made ... they made nearly 54 million in the first month .
that 's not from a few stupid you tubers .
me every obelisk rank 11 and get more than 14k crystal fractaline
osiris blank insert wall of text here it 's a shame it does n't talk much
me sorry i ca n't trade stuff but you can be jealous .
probably one of the best ways to hurt your children is humiliating them .
this is the first time i 've actually laughed out loud on reddit in a long time .
i ca n't believe they tried to film him having a breakdown .
disgusting behaviour from the people who are supposed to teach your nephew love understanding and respect .
droid fighters have that little r2d2 unit on the one wing .
t2 for ships means that it is a tier 2 fighter max is 29-5 slots before upgrades .
tiers for ships are all based on slots and you can learn your tiers here ... https www.reddit.com/r/nmscoordinateexchange/comments/d04ad1/psa_handy_visual_guide_to_ship_types_and_naming ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share
for everything else you need to know we advise you read the subs mega thread here ... https www.reddit.com/r/nmscoordinateexchange/comments/d0jcjr/the_official_nmsce_megathread ? utm_medium=android_app utm_source=share
this is the sort of gang activity i 'm interested in .
if i 'm in the exit row and we have to do an emergency exit and i see you grab your bags i will rip that shit right out of your hands .
he 's an ofp 55/60 that 's not really sky high .
a sky high '' potential prospect would be enough to land a top tier player from a noncontending team i.e. the rockies .
do you honestly think the rockies would trade for kieboom as the headline piece in that trade ?
i am except i usually dont push nine teams and die .
im willing to steal loot from the weak though yes .
my friend is constantly talking about the game not letting him shoot and needing to restart .
unless you 're on a porn set where it was scripted to happen then you 'd nut where the director points
ben de turkiye de 30 dan fazla sehire gitmis biri olarak cok rahat antalya'nin acik ara turkiye'nin en iyi ve guzel sehri oldugunu soyleyebilirim .
evidence of the past few seasons suggests this is his level and he seems happy there .
should renew his contract and make the move permanent .
i 'm sorry i thought you were going to say something like a smily face or donald duck on her boob etc.. well you ca n't ask someone to get a tattoo removed because you do n't like it it 's a memory for her and a regretful one i would hope she needs a new fresh coverup maybe paid for by you we ladies love ink.. does n't have to be big or expensive but having a number tattooed that now is de facto important probably is a bit shit ... she may bite your head off for suggesting it but it 's an idea ?
good luck and i 'm sorry she made a rather stupid choice of random tattoo..
he 's gon na be watching tv one night and shit himself when that shoe eventually falls .
of course i repeat u/mihirkalita 's advice to you below .
i 'm in the club too i was 11 and like an infrequent bad dream it pops up on me too from time to time .
first forgive yourself you did nothing wrong an event happened and it kinda took you by surprise .
i 'm not going to let him off entirely the last couple of thrusts and the chuckle '' were not cool and from your telling he knew it .
you got ta talk about it you simply have to for your sake .
withdrawing into yourself is the worst thing you can do .
i encourage you to talk to him it sounds like you had quite the rapport that he would listen to you .
you need to rediscover the you '' before the trauma that you '' is still there waiting to be loved and healed by you .
your experience in the car is a little bit like having a tantrum an irrational response to a circumstance you have no control or power over yet you 're trying desperately to take control .
in that frame of mind you are completely disconnected absorbed wholly by the impossible task of trying to take control of that which was uncontrollable before !
trauma provokes tantrum and when future events replicate certain elements of the original trauma you 'll have a tantrum !
the very first step to stopping it is to recognize it when it 's happening and it looks like you 're there !
this is where talk therapy plays a really great role .
saw a post a little while back where people were talking about putting straws around them to help protect them until they reach the ground .
i 'd like to try but mine has n't made any areial roots yet anything you notice that helps encourage this behavior ?
if the candidate goes ahead and files the improperly completed forms he or she ca n't withdraw the petitions and fix them once the board of elections has acted nor can he go back in the field and collect more signatures to make up for the bad ones .
i bounced off of naruto pretty quickly due to a sheer matter of logistics no cable until i was in college and other manga drew me in more .
but that said i do find myself able to relate to those who got in with boruto though ... since i pretty much had the exact same experience with kinnikuman .
started watching ultimate muscle in high school and fucking loved it .
yeah it got ridiculous how many times mantarou was n't dq 'd from the fight when he was lying there unconscious on the mat but whatever .
it did feel kinda crazy how there were so many older characters who had history to them even though they were entirely secondary or even tertiary .
robin mask 's past with suguru and the whole cracked helmet ' thing .
brocken jr. 's ptsd about concrete mat wrestling matches .
the antagonists who 're all yo i 'm the grandson/son of some dude your dad beat ! ''
there was this very strange narrative structure that simultaneously did n't exclude me from being able to enjoy it but gave a sense that the characters knew more than what they discussed on a routine basis .
that sorta made the world feel bigger and more interesting than it presented itself as .
when i got into college though i was able to look into the original kinnikuman though first through wikipedia and then through finding footage of the catalan dub on youtube .
watched through nearly the whole damn show without subs with everyone speaking a kind of not-quite spanish .
that was quite the experience let me tell you that .
i eventually went back and read through the manga properly too just for clarity and it really did feel odd at times .
like fuck a lot of the characters started out as exceedingly cruel and sadistic until their destined face turns .
granted shit 's gotten complicated with the kinnikuman revival where shit 's happened that at the very least retcons nisei pretty thoroughly .
maybe kishimoto 'll do something similar with his work too ... and then boruto 's dad really will have a son who just spontaneously ceased to exist .
it 's one where the girl sits on top back facing the guy and the guy controls the movement of penetration .
is it also called reverse cowgirl or does it have a name of its own ?
i was lucky enough to snag a 6iv english ditto a few days ago i am hoping to trade it for a 6iv foreign ditto .
i 'm not sure how rare/in demand the ditto is to be honest !
edit i received the ditto from a 5 raid and it is 100 legit i 'd be happy to provide a picture before trading .
i will be working throughout the day and taking offers i will be back on this evening to make a final decision as i 'd like to weigh all options unless a 6iv foreign happens to come by .
at first i was kind of sour on the idea because they are n't jamming at all during it and it 's basically just a long composition of several house covers that eats 20 minutes of set 2 .
earlier in tour the tbeam jams would come in kind of abrupt and would just throw off the momentum of the set 12/14 is a great example of this it really threw off the momentum of a stellar wltp waves .
i also do n't like that they do it every night though since it adds a variable of predictability to their shows .
it feels like they are forcing it in at times as opposed to throwing it in organically .
but as tour has moved along i 've grown to enjoy it more and more .
i think they 're doing a better job segueing into it so that it feels like a more natural progression to the set .
the tbeam jams on 12/27 and 1/4 segued in beautifully and set the stage for a 20 minute raging dance party .
it 's definitely beginning to grow on me after these last few shows despite it not being jamming .
i still think they should limit it to every couple shows or maybe once a run to keep it fresh though .
overall i think it 's beginning to work and you can tell they really love playing these segments on stream .
how does everyone else feel about the tractorbeam segments ?
years ago a friend of mine wore bbw cherry vanilla body mist and it was the perfect scent for her .
unfortunately it 's been discontinued for a while but i was wondering if anyone knew of any similar products out there ?
nothing else at bbw seems to have the same effect and i 'm hoping to help her find something she 'd enjoy just as much .
the veterans who fought in wars are damning the military !
once it expires the heli despawns immediately it might even do so while you 're rushing towards it .
but do n't give up just yet go to the spot nonetheless since the loot might still be there .
it probably wo n't have spawned if the heli is a thousand meters from the nearest player i suspect it follows the same rules of loot spawning as any other loot just a theory though but if you 're a stone 's throw away from the site make sure to check it out .
on a high pop server you might have trouble finding the goodies though since they get looted continuously .
but make sure to search nearby buildings they will almost always spawn the same type of loot as the governing '' building .
it also works for police stations and fire depts .
one of the best medical spots especially for a freshie would be the hospital in cherno since it has quite a few buildings around it that all spawn medical supplies as well .
the ones in zelenogorsk and severograd are good too albeit harder to reach .
hello can someone send me a link displaying best items for each unit in the game ?
getting harder to keep grinding for these but debating if i should continue the hunt
sending some pkg however doesnt work for me need help
i 'm loving the new double duty weapon and hammers .
i just wanted to know what everyone else 's new favourites are
can anyone suggest me books i guess of any genre and length that deal with the idea of our reality not being real/we live in simulation ?
so the arena 's basically dead in all areas but dueling so anyone want to have a co-op match in the arena ?
i feel like most everyone is in it for themselves .
no one cares about who they hurt or step on to get what they want .
it 's literally almost impossible for me to trust anyone unless i 've had them in my life for years .
even then the people i do trust had to work for years to even get my trust .
the biggest part of my fear is really coming from men .
i 'm absolutely terrified of men and i know that 's not fair .
which is why i say this is becoming a problem..
but the fear has only grown because it seems like every man i attempt to speak to can only think or talk about sex .
i was raped victim so ... if that 's all someone can think about after only a day or less of speaking to me ? ?
it makes me scared.. it makes me scared of if he decides to make an advance while we 're hanging out how will he react if i say no ? ?
what if i 'm too scared to say no ? ?
in the past everytime i 've said no i either get an attitude or they never speak to me again which is fine i dont offer what they want and they should find it elsewhere but it does hurt when the pattern just continues to be i 'm only being seen as an object to fuck .
i have intense anxiety nightmares of being raped and murdered .
it prevents me from leaving the house and interacting with people at times because of how terrified i am of being raped again and no one wants to be murdered sooo..
i know these fears are n't fair or rational but it 's impossible for me to trust people and i do n't know what to do to help stop this fear from getting worse..
i feel it getting worse as each day goes by and with all this shit happening politically and all the fighting and war ...
i dont understand how people can expect me to go about my life as if humans are n't all a species that destroys everything it touches .
i do n't know why i thought you 'd give a fuck but
drink a lot of water this is a threat not a request
older man with lots of kinks i would like to explore online with someone else who is n't getting their needs met .
some of the things i 'm into include breeding dd/lg humiliation bondage anal oral redheads raceplay ... basically anything except gore and scat and bestiality .
send a pic if you would like a reply .
maturity and being able to assist me in moderating the subreddit .
i have four free stocks that have not settled into my account yet and one of them is from the week before christmas .
it says on the app it will take approximately 7 business days .
my partner 's sister 21 year old has just got a new puppy to help her cope with losing the family dog to cancer .
we picked up the puppy on new year 's day .
she refused to put anything on social media until a few days later when the family had met the puppy .
last night she put an instagram post out same as my partner welcoming the puppy to the family etc .
about an hour later their dad got a text from her auntie asking them to take down the post as it made her cousin also 21 years old upset that she could n't get a puppy and that the auntie had had the cousin in tears on the phone to her .
my partner 's dad pointed out to the auntie that that was ridiculous as it was nothing to do with her cousin .
her cousin messaged me asking if i felt the same way .
after about an hour of arguing my partner and i told her cousin to grow up or not to bother with us anymore .
was this out of line or a valid response ?
edit for everyone who is asking the cousin is definitely twenty one 21 not twelve 12 .
it may just be me freaking out in my little head but i ca n't take working in the freezer anymore .
i 've been getting sick once every other month it is completely unorganized even if i do fix it for a day the next it 's just always destroyed .
i just ca n't handle it anymore and it fucking sucks it 's gotten to this point because i feel like i 'm the only one who cares about it too .
i just hope they do n't force me into it when i bring it up when i go in i just physically ca n't anymore
3c has thousands of users many i would have thought are also on reddit .
why so quiet in here and anyone up for pushing this community ?
you 're probably wondering and i know you are so do n't lie and say you are n't what on earth is this ?
is it a long time fan 's first and probably horrible attempt at a s***post ?
today ladies and gentleman we 'll i say we 'll but really it 's only me be poking a bit of fun at the ironic names in the rocking leg ease ports scene .
note this might be more rapid fire than you 're expecting another note as mentioned before this is meant to be a unique twist on a shitpost so please do n't take offence into anything i say if you 're mentioned i dont mean it .
you 're so ing good speed has been said a lot of times
you know you 'd expect a team named after a silent little animal wouldn't have a the loudest player on their roster b one of the two most known absolute units on their roster
nrg coincidence that the same season they rebrand is the season they pick up one of the most energetic players ?
cloudfuel look man i 'm not the only one that loves you but i have to mention this .
is it really a coincidence that both times cloud9 has been up a goal in game 3 after being up 2-0 in the series you step away for coffee and both times they get reverse swept ?
squishymuffinz he 's known as the robot of rl and his name easily rhymes with switchybuttonz i 'm copyrighting this btw .
gimmick according to science travelling at the speed of light should be impossible but as ronaky has proven science is irrelevant .
i think it was supposed to be nothing can travel at a speed faster than gimmick but we 'll wait to see if our legendary theorist can prove yet another fact wrong
ronaky speaking of ronaky i think we can safely assume he ate one too many salads and bough one too many grills and played too much minecraft .
yet scientists all around the world admire him and wish to hire him in order to fulfill their desires
rogue do you ever wonder why ayyjayyy waits until week 4 to start flying as high as a mountain ?
they say the only other mystery yet to be solved is if squishy and lachinio are still keeping the ball up since their interaction at season 5 ...
reciprocity i want you to stop reading my shitty shitpost and take a minute to search up the word on google .
also there 's a good amount of reciprocity in chausette dribbling 3 people .
we get cool clips to watch and they win games .
jstn if your business teacher was like mine he probably told you that packaging that looks cooler and flashier sells better especially with young children .
now imagine how many fans a flashy juice tin will get ...
let me know if you enjoyed you can also roast me for being a terrible shitposter too btw i wo n't mind 😅 if you want a part 2 and what you 'd like to see in future parts .
i have n't touched rlrs players/teams yet and i 've also not done casters so i 'm thinking about including a bit of those
also if you can tell me why in the world i even though about posting this you will officially be the greatest person on the planet
i glued a battle 2 and rakza 7 on a xiom offensive s and realized it was quite head heavy .
what are the advantages/disadvantages of this and if it is bad what should i do about it ?
first and foremost huge shout out to the oline today but o'neill played out of his mind today .
lining up against cam jordan all game and really making him a non factor was huge .
o'neill stonewallas him and gives kirk all day to throw .
my friend ran away from an abusive household and joined 18th street when she was 13 .
she was a runner for a little while and then became a homegirl .
she tried to leave the gang after 3 years but some of the gang members shattered all the bones in her feet .
once she had partially recovered she successfully ran away from the gang .
she has been on the run from 18th street for 2 years and the gang is getting closer to finding her every day .
how can i help my friend stay off the gang 's radar ?
first post here sorry if this is n't the right space
i am a screenplay writer with a novel and short story background .
the last completed project i worked on was a 15 episode web series back in late 2015 early 2016 and a few creative essays in 2017 and 2019 .
i love taboo and controversial themes as it can be an effective way to have people question their own morals ethics and nature .
this past year i 've been struggling to come up with ideas that i enjoy and want to write about .
i 've pitched multiple ideas to other writers and they 've all loved the ideas .
they say there 's great character development interesting psychology and themes .
i just do n't like them and i 'm not sure what to do .
i know i want to write limited characters 2-4 1-2 locations taboo/controversial subjects sex based crimes murder/torture kidnapping mental health issues and isolation and to see how the characters deal with the situations explore the psychology of these people .
i brainstorm a few ideas and let them sit for a few days .
move on to outlining and stop because the idea no longer makes sense to me/i find some big problem that wrecks the initial outline and changes the story
i finish the outline and i do n't care about the characters and story anymore
i 'm not sure how to fix this problem i 'm having or how really explain it .
if anyone has some ideas/advice i 'd really appreciate it !
g-max grimmsnarl frisk 4iv 0 speed careful in a repeat ball ot neo id 648240 traded on this subreddit from ot u jetexe
machamp guts 4iv 0 speed quiet in a level ball ot joey id 231919 traded on this subreddit from ot u aerro955
ultra shiny salazzle 4iv ha modest in a dusk ball ot jay id 317015 traded on this subreddit from ot u jayhaynes
corviknight unnerve 0iv brave in a premier ball ot omega id 804109 traded on this subreddit from u noogatt
klinklang clear body 4iv bashful in a repeat ball ot bry id 803588 traded on this subreddit from ot u noogatt
excadrill mold breaker 4iv timid in a repeat ball ot hqe id 745510 traded on this subreddit from u supergira27
just need some advice and/or encouragement with losing weight maybe something having to do with a eating disorder with binging ?
i 've been mewing for a year and a half but recently i 've been mewing real hard and having the suction hold and swallowing correctly and doing my best to have good posture .
sony led tv service center in hyderabad http www.servicecentersinhyderabad.com/sony-tv-service-center-in-hyderabad.html is situated in the heart of the city with convenient working hours .
it is easily accessed from the nook and corner of hyderabad .
its customer support line can be contacted for your needs and requirements for repair and replacement of tv will provide repair and maintenance with any any brand and lcd led crt tv .
for more info contact us 9100902983 or 9059998454 or 9849902607 .
i 'm starting out a new agency researching to see what tools are available looking for a reasonably priced full featured platform for email marketing campaigns and cold emailing campaigns like gmass gmail mail merge .
it seems like a well-featured software but it seems like it 's on the decline .
most of the youtube videos about this product dated back 3-4 years ago .
their community-based version is pretty much dying with hardly any new features released as of late to keep up with paid versions of their competitors .
their subreddit and communtiy support forum is a snoozefest .
is there an alternative like mautic with a similar feature set that is actively supported ?
i do n't mind paying as long as it 's reasonable .
2d 01h of playing time since the season launch .
my battle pass with no extra level purchases is at 75 ...
acrylic led ice bucket https www.mingxinbarnclub.com suitable for 6 330ml beer bottles .
black bars wrapped around the bucket a neat decoration as well as a strong protection .
we can apply silk print laser engrave water transfer and etc .
we have a strong team of design house with excellent 3d and 2d designers .
we can help you with the set up and the realization .
we do at least 3 tests including in-coming raw material test sample test then bulk produce .
we will provide you with pictures in different stages and wait for your approval before we ship out the goods .
if you are finding china 2 3 4 6 bottle led ice bucket wholesale and supplier you can choose us !
we have four professional production lines offering a great production ability .
mingxin barware co. limited https www.mingxinbarnclub.com/about-us focuses on making entertaining products of ktv and bars such as led ice bucket https www.mingxinbarnclub.com/led-ice-bucket bottle presenter champagne cabinet https www.mingxinbarnclub.com/wine-cabinet and acrylic serving tray .
we are the one of the best r d manufacturers integrating molding injection acrylic technology electronic lighting and stainless steel .
we have four professional production lines offering a great production ability .
hey everyone i was looking for some good suggestions .
i 'm looking for an anime style rpg game that you can level up your party and weapons .
i 'm not looking for final fantasy tales games or persona because i 've played those .
looking for more of an action battle system not turned based .
sign up with the below referral link and we 'll both get a free stock worth up to 200 .
someone who i could n't take my eyes off of during our first and second date .
someone who i wanted to kiss all night long .
our second date was about 5 hours long and time flew by .
we were both suprised at the time when he looked at his watch .
it 's been 4 months since my ex and i broke up .
i still think about him but i moved on .
4 months is n't that long in the grand scheme of things .
while my heart isnt raw anymore it is scarred from the severe damage of my tumultuous previous relationship .
however my excitement to get to know this person outweighs my fears .
protect your heart from those you know are n't good for you .
i did 3 months after my breakup and it made a world of a difference !
just sit and bit still alone where you wo n't be disturbed by anyone .
no distractions no tv no phone no binge eating etc .
we get too caught up in trying to obtain information to help us along our journey when the truth is the answers that are for each of us specifically in their most clear and perfect form are found within when the mind becomes silent .
i 'm not saying what you should or should n't do but i do know from my own experience that whenever i simply just do this for maybe an hour or two a day the way things begin to flow effortlessly and all the amazing insights and synchronicities that are meant specifically for me are sometimes profound i mean like at times freaky .
by simply just being still and quite our awareness begins to grow more and more over time .
we all have a period where we begin to awaken and we search and search online or elsewhere for our answers but from my experience when we finally decide to just go within that 's where the real magic in our awakening journey begins .
i have a ryzen 5 2600x that uses the stock cooler .
i have 5 case fans that are intake and 3 case fans that are exhaust and the cpu temps get into 60 degrees celcius when i 'm only using the pc to stream games off my nintendo switch or ps4 through streamlabs obs .
i 've looked at some of corsairs water cooling stuff and it looks really easy to install but i 'm also really worried about messing up with taking the stock cooler off and applying new thermal paste to the cpu and installing the new cooler .
i 'm trying to make a fsl-b set and do n't have any credits right now so i thought this could be something cool to do for now .
let 's say i have a roku tv controlling a home theater receive via arc .
if i put an echo or google home on the same wifi network how can i get the music playing through the receiver without disrupting arc from the roku tv ?
would alexa/google assistant instruct my roku tv to play the music through the spotify app on roku ?
would this be easier if i had a fire tv device ?
would alexa/google assistant need to directly connect to my av receiver via 3.5mm or bluetooth ?
sorry am a little new to all of this home automation stuff .
we are a mid size company with 100 users across headquarters and 3 branches .
we currently use kaspersky but with the windows 10 migration we felt kaspersky it 's unnecesary .
internet block only webpage open it 's banks and news for certain users .
do you think we have to renew our kaspersky suscription or go with the windows defender antivirus ?
answer is yes just wanted everyone else to be stuck thinking about this along with me
thinking ibs but just had d. i feel ok otherwise so trying to remain positive .
i tried some new foods today so hoping that 's it .
do n't mean to bother you all and do n't expect answers .
i just do n't want to talk about it out loud and worry my family .
actual team zone wars would be alot of fun an can be beneficial practice for competitive players .
even as a limited time i 'm surprised i have n't seen more people requesting this it seems like many people team in party ffa until the end
i am on vacation in a very cloistered place here in brazil .
the internet signal is super shaky and so i took that time to really immerse myself in my interest in occult and esoteric knowledge .
downloaded someuuu pdfs just finished serpents of wisdom by edda livingston .
found it a very precious read and have been taking long walks in the mostly desert beach .
for most of my life i always felt very skeptical and atheistic .
but this curiosity to learn about things the material eyes ca n't see seemed to get bigger each day .
some songs spoke so beautifully to my senses that i could only cry in bliss and respect .
i had to learn how to sing and play .
at the same time i always felt such a distaste for some other kinds of music .
and it made me feel very restless inside that such a beautiful thing was being wasted as soundtrack for mindless material pleasure ...
and i wanted to return to that sensation as many times as i could .
i even took to heart a pledge to encourage it 's flourish in anyone who was curious about it which i still try to maintain as active as i can .
today after i came home from yet another walk on the beach an insight from all that meditation made me cry like a child .
i do n't consider myself rich at all but when i came home my father-in-law roasted so much meat for us to eat .
we had drinks of every kind to drink if we wanted to .
and i instantly recognized the same heavenly glow that i felt from music .
i had from my own experience stepped in the much fabled heaven nirvana even if for a brief moment .
i tried to commit suicide many times and survived through them all as deep depression consumed me and at that moment i felt so ashamed of what i had done .
and i felt so glad and happy that i had to excuse myself from our table and cry in joy in my room .
i came from a journey of not believing to feeling so overwhelmed with faith i 'd impress my younger self dead .
and for some reason i feel like i need to sow the seeds of the same existencial doubt that brought me to feel so blessed today to as many people as i can .
it sure feels rewarding after years of journey to feel this call to teach people about the joys of this mysterious thing called life .
i still feel incredibly happy that there are many many things i do n't know at all .
i await patiently to see what hardships and wonder this life will give me .
i know i want to hear as much as the supreme will allows me in my humble life gift .
i really had the need to make this post .
wish you all luck in your own personal journeys and i hope you all can find your own personal awakening experience .
i want to buy it at that price not 2035 .
you 'll never make a profit you 'll never get anywhere buying gold when the price you 're buying at does n't its worth .
does anyone know how to get the black mesa maps in gary 's mod ?
a video or something else would be greatly appreciated .
is it better to buy one lens with a larger zoom 18-135mm for all photography or get a couple different lenses for different types e.g .
one for night shooting one for landscapes one for portraits etc ... ?
if anyone has any idea could you please give some advice on how to select the best lens for what you want to achieve
edit i love nighttime street photography portraiture landscape candid conceptual and a lot of close up work with people and inanimate objects not quite macro but rather close .
pretty much a female brutus with an extra hole nothing too spectacular .
nobody 's probably gon na see this episode because of the golden globes nfl games and 60 minutes report on epstein .
if you have any css experience please apply to become a moderator for this sub here https www.reddit.com/r/sharktank/comments/dc4h5q/accepting_mod_applications_also_info_about_the
wan na watch shark tank but do n't know how ?
a mother-daughter duo from atlanta georgia introduce the sharks to their baby product that makes baby-travel less stressful by helping them sleep more restful .
an entrepreneur from mount pleasant utah introduces his cold-weather clothing line that keeps you warm even when wet .
while entrepreneurs from happy valley oregon hope their portable transportation device will become the next multimillion-dollar hit .
finally an entrepreneur from south murrysville pennsylvania pitches his genius innovation in window screens .
zuum hover shoes heelys but way more dangerous https www.reddit.com/r/sharktank/comments/ekmi01/s11e10_zuum_hover_shoes_heelys_but_way_more ?
just got my vantage 2 for christmas and it works fine in wireless mode but when i switch to wired mode the status bar just blinks white .
i 've tried to swap the cables and reset the ps4 .
i ca n't use my headset with this thing because i ca n't get it to work in wireless mode .
iran has been complying by the terms set by the deal the only reason the us withdrew from it was because donald trump wanted to undo another good part of obama 's legacy and wanted to negotiate an stricter deal for his own .
the same type of stuff pops up on iphone 🤨
this is the weather channel asking for this not samsung .
actually nobody would know your location history period unless they subpoena the network operators .
us authorities do n't have the legal right to just take network location data from network operators without due cause .
i 'd be more worried about the foreign governments because they do n't all have due process .
also if you remove the sim then how do they know who your old network operator awas without interrogating you which would be a violation of your fifth amendment rights .
so this is n't much something to worry about .
if you 're ultra worried buy a burner phone and toss it out or set it on fire when you 're done .
they even said man if clowney can keep playing the way he played tonight ... '' oh like injuring the main player on the offense ?
congratulations you 've worked hard to earn this engram .
it 's an uninspired ghost shell that has no in-game value .
hey man they was good hope you had a good holiday break as well !
turns out it 's a bit more complicated then i thought as the sounds are n't installed on the phone but baked into the theme and i 'm not sure how to extract a theme and then export the text tones..
which is why i have n't done it yet .
if not heres the other side of the ram sick
we have extensive resources that can be used to find answers to most questions that are posted here
your thread will be removed if it can be answered by any of the above .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gainit if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah you can but it only can download albums .
i created this tool because i wanted to download all pictures .
upgradabilty is a big plus on a desktop you are unlikely to need to upgrade the amp as the power requirements for the volume level needed are fairly low but eventually putting more money into the speakers may give better sound .
however another thing to consider is that active powered speakers are a single point of failure if they die they 're useless whereas with passive speakers and an amp if the worst happens its likely only one of them will need replacing rather than both .
also my understanding is that for equivalent money the combination of passive speakers and a stereo amp are likely to be of higher quality than a pair of active speakers .
this is purely anecdotal not based on personal experience although i do recall that the active speakers i looked at were quite small ultimately physics places limits on what small speakers are capable of which is why all speaker packages with small satellites come with a subwoofer to deal with the low end .
people always ignore that callie pursued brandon in season 2 and brandon was the one that had to say no a few times .
this message is automatic on submission if you have already flaired your post upon seeing this then you 're good to go .
if your post remains unflaired it will be removed by a moderator !
if multi platform ensure the platforms are mentioned in your description .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gamesuggestions if you have any questions or concerns .
the masked lapwing vanellus miles also known as the masked plover and often called the spur-winged plover or just plover in its native range is a large common and conspicuous bird native to australia particularly the northern and eastern parts of the continent new zealand and new guinea .
it spends most of its time on the ground searching for food such as insects and worms and has several distinctive calls .
there are two subspecies the southern novaehollandiae has distinctive black markings on the shoulder and side of the chest and is sometimes recognized as a separate species the black-shouldered lapwing vanellus novaehollandiae .
these brown-black white and yellow plovers are common in australian fields and open land .
r/enlightenedcentrism response after any comment where conservative stupidity is highlighted .
same as you feel ... like it feels as if nothing will progress and you just feel hurt because all you want is that person to be more in your life .
i am going through this as well right now and i 'm as well trying to get over him even though i also do n't want to .
all you can do is be there for yourself and good luck to you .
there is a lot of great options for hiking in north georgia .
you should definitely join the atlanta outdoors club they organize a bunch of group hikes .
if you have facebook join the north georgia hiking adventure group .
https www.facebook.com/groups/502190756476649 ... you will learn about so many places you need to see .
my daughter is the group cover photo for the month ... we rediscovered a forgotten waterfall from an old map of dawson forest just an hour north of kennesaw .
i would watch mtv for hours hoping that video would come on .
yeah i do n't follow the eagles/wentz super closely so you could be 100 correct .
i 'd probably say the same about wilson if he went down early .
i 'm just taking a page to say mccown did not play badly at all hin at 40 made our whole defense look like they were all 40 at times .
everyone talks about how historically great wentz is in the redzone without mentioning how historically bad wentz is against seattle .
i never lied in the first place i answered a question posed by a completely different person how do you not understand that.. ?
have you got confused between me and the person that started this part of the post.. ?
i just do n't see how me answering a question by someone else not even you to the op has turned in to a lie to you .
they most likely shrunk the bezels and the notch is smaller than the g8 's .
the oneplus 7t has a nearly identical notch and that did n't bother anyone at all
i 've got unreasonably large feet and live in a country where it 's hard to get pretty shoes .
i mourn the death of my favourites that alas also can not be saved by the shoe doctor .
i 'm glad it landed towards the street and not the house .
i could have sworm that they did a horror series first with bill skarsgard .
i already contacted the nintendo via email and they said there is no problem but i 've seen that there are several people with the same problem .
i do n't know why this is happening but i want they fix it soon .
i do n't turn my mower on and off for hours just revving it not going any where .
and i use my small electric mower 75 decibels once per week at most .
i 'm a courteous person overall and wish people like yourself might think of others first instead of being selfish .
hahahahaha oh my gosh the downvotes i love it jeez it 's just a joke people .
if you spend 2 min reading the controls you 'd realize that backspace is self destruct/suicidal .
look like my cat face when i pet him .
i use the display 1000 hours and the camera like 10 minutes and i have to look at it all the time ?
sadly it does stay somewhat true to the times and is pretty sexist .
when it comes to historical dramas in general not just korean dramas it would n't be true to the times if they tried to make a progressive historical drama .
however the main character is n't sexist at all but the laws of the time definitely were
d some of the items pointed out would have definitely made a difference .
there are tons of stories of riders pulling away when they see a car in their morro not stopping .
even if you start moving slowly it 's better than not moving at all .
that 's the proper name for those 52 targets trump 's got going
depends what you have but normally it is some amount of scent free bleach .
to say that asian-americans as a group merit lower scores for bravery or kindness than other racial groups and therefore deserve to be denied admission more often is discrimination .
went with my 19 year-old daughter at her suggestion for the first time .
i did appreciate the game it was fantastic especially at the time ... but i felt so sad that i failed them .
i 'm thinking of moving to a comp that plays on turf next season .
think i should just work on some medium paces till the end of the season ?
so you go based off of the person 's views rather than their political party ?
the usual assumption is that trump supporters hate democrats .
then why not go and watch the last video .
there are two different ‘looks ' for under mount sinks and you need to decide before the counter installers cut the sink hole .
one way is to have the lip of the sink visible from above the other is to have the lip of the sink not visible from above it is tucked away just out of sight .
i much prefer the latter look this sink to counter joint is caulked with clear silicone and soon enough that silicone looks nasty .
with the ‘tucked away ' style you ca n't see the caulking .
a disadvantage is that with the latter the sink hole in the counter is slightly smaller .
you need to have your sink on site when the installers measure up for your counters .
i learned most of my portuguese from talking to my mom who is fluent and my grandmother who does n't speak english i 'm not a linguist but the best way to learn a language is to speak it .
so maybe try teaching him basic phrases and just conversate with him in portuguese .
since i think it said somewhere that she has the potential to be a beast because of course she does .
https reddit.com/user/kicken support this service on patreon https www.patreon.com/r_hentai github https github.com/mistressmamiya/hsauce_bot
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.redd.it/8p6m37zu82941.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
i 'm a younger 45 disabled person with a basically invisible illness if i 'm sitting i walk with some gait issues .
so one day i pull up to the beer store and the hose to my coolant reservoir goes and blorks water all over the parking lot .
i get out of the car and crouch down to check it out when i look up and see an older man staring/glaring at me .
its just the hose '' i smile she 's an older car now and a bit incontinent ... ''
oh it 's not that '' he growls it 's that you 've parked in the disabled parking .
he was literally standing right next to my car my disabled parking pass right under his nose .
so i was n't in the greatest mood and had been putting in a large effort with my stupid quip .
i growled the fuck does that make you sherlock holmes ?
but i 'm still proud of it and that old fart fled .
i nominate it for your line the next time she wheedles on that you look so tired .
someone else may have mentioned it already but be careful with hanging above cribs .
and fuck times square too ... . im still mad .
make copies of all files get every phone number/email address you need and delete your browser history .
it looks like there 's only one row of stiches .
but they are likely to get into it with your parent s guardian as to why you are late to school constantly .
at least where i live there are truancy laws .
i play with 20 dollar units and always withdraw after a big win .
i went all in on the hawks tonight i thought the line was waaaay off
also a huge portion of football players do n't wear cups .
i played at a p5 school and maybe 20 of guys wore a cup .
the vast majority of the team just wore compression shorts
the tortillaland uncooked tortillas that you make at home are amazing !
tbh i would 've drove after the other guy too no half assing .
that 's a huge advantage and you can win this .
his gp could be largely made up of fluff .
if she did n't ask do n't bring it up .
if you were extremely short i would understand but it 's not the case .
when a guy tell me his height all i hear is insecurity '' tbh .
the problem with wacky religions is that those in it have every incentive to stay in line and none to rebel .
you 're being ostracized by people whose greatest fear is being kicked out of the club and ostracized in turn .
they can see what 's happening to you and not only do they want to avoid the same they ca n't support or defend you without admitting their belief system is flawed .
i 'm sure they feel terrible about having to shun you but they have to maintain the thought that it 's your fault and that they are righteous .
among my friends over the years i 've known ex-mormons ex-jw 's ex-krishna and even an ex-senyassin followers of bhagwan shree rajneesh
each of them suffered breaks from family and it sucks .
god is apparently very cruel and wacky religions are always striving to be more godlike .
i 'll just play the wii version of this game via dolphin 🐬
late means nothing if you still get 2 hours of sleep
if sekou becomes a superstar then itll be better than the twolves and bulls .
not really hard to be better than the bulls they are ass
plus we should have another good pick in this draft
naw you are n't too sensitive but your bf prioritizes being able to make you uncomfortable .
a relationship is about reasonable accommodations to the person you are dating and if you do n't like being called that even playfully a mature person would apologize and stop doing it .
you are n't asking him to change for a relationship you are asking him to stop doing something you do n't like .
it 's like he 's stepping on your foot and you say ow do n't step on my foot it 's hurting me and he says if i get off your foot that 'll be changing for a relationship and i do n't see why i should have to do that .
them wanting you to believe its a hoax has more to do with the antarctic treaty ending in 2048. there are giant natural oil reservoirs under the glaciers at the poles .
the ice where they want to drill is 300 meters thick and slides around enough that it breaks drill bits before they can penetrate the earth .
it did eventually morph away from the pretty teens having angst shows and go more into the genre stuff that seems to be keeping the network going .
have n't read this yet but i agree from the title
this gives me anxiety about how the waves could push you into the lava .
the only one i strongly disagree with is parasite but i saw why you had an issue with it in one of the comments .
not saying i agree with the rest of your ratings but i can see them being the score you gave them except for a few i did n't watch .
i had this problem when i first started and bought a 60mm cherry keeper for the same reason .
it ended up being too big at the end of the day .
many people watching bb may believe the being human '' salman is the actual salman .
salman is a petty bully who does not like being told off and always holds a grudge .
rashmi asked him not to talk about the house keys he 'll continue bringing that up to poke her .
asim is a good looking young guy which automatically makes him salman 's target .
salman has always been biased as a bb host .
what worked for him in the earlier stints is he showed glimpses of authenticity fun goodness .
this season his pettiness is all the more evident because of the show 's bias .
iois would never shit herself or fall for the beanie baby craze .
war or mass death due to some other type of disaster is quite possibly one of the worst things that can happen to antinatalism .
when war and conflict abound people become even more religious fundamentalist and birth rates soon skyrocket .
being against suffering has to be a core tenet of antinatalism so gradually reproduction stops ... or a button that makes everything vanish which is at best remote .
anything that causes mass death and leaves people behind will only start the madness anew .
different size bills make me twitch a bit they do n't all sit nicely in my wallet .
fucking hot i too come from a small village with not even 100 inhabitants there are always stories not possible in these villages and almost no one except you to know them .
it 's never nice little stories but more of the kind each time think about it you want to run away
i 'm 37 and i 'm still not there .
i do n't think it 's about finding your footing so much as enjoying the ride .
i 've had some very stable times in certain areas of my life but had other areas fall apart .
lately financially it 's been really freaking hard but mentally i 'm at my best place probably ever .
it 's just finding an odd balance that works for you .
the us has strategic plans for a full scale invasion of canada .
i mean that 's the job of the military strategists to come up with effective strategies for any scenario .
jesus i wish i had those numbers in high school .
my final exam was the exact same as the study guide .
biologically naturally from a selection pressure '' framing what 's best '' for you is to reproduce .
in humans and probably other primates too there is a strong social and hierarchical component to this as well that makes it even worse in many ways .
you will be harmed if you do n't and you will be harmed if you do .
a narrowing set of spiked walls from which there is no escape .
there is no winning move once you exist '' and you had no choice in the matter .
i think they are intimidated by your intelligence when you refrain .
it 's like being in the presence of a terrifying extra-terrestrial to them .
they do n't know what you are you look human but you 're behaving like something they ca n't process so they lash out in fear .
keeping up a 70 year old traditions i see .
there is one instance in the hindu epics where 'no inch will be given ' occurs .
it is in the mahabharata when the pandavas ask the kauravas to give them 5 villages and that is the reply of duryodhana 'i will not cede even an inch ' .
it is a good thing that in telangana rss was allowed to do a pathsanchaalan .
now there is high-resolution video footage of plain faces of the group 's members .
cops can now run face recognition and use the state 's version of the aadhaar db to get the participant details which rss loathes to publish .
was there a certain channel or streaming service it is on ?
i do this same thing on instagram accept if you block me you lose so
if you 're interested it can be found on facebook by the name dysphoria director 's cut .
here 's a video further explaining why the nba always stands up for china .
to expand on what makelimeade said billy bush is an entertainment reporter .
sometime in the early 2000 's he was talking to trump off camera but the conversation was recorded .
trump said that he could grab any woman by the p ssy and they would let him because he was famous .
when the recording came out before the election bush was fired and his career was destroyed .
fwiw billy bush is a cousin of george w. bush .
a lot of the dispensaries are n't run by the most business savvy guys but the ones that are can get some good deals on surplus crop experimental branch brands subpar trims etc that can bring those prices down hard .
i would n't be surprised if those joints were n't 4-7 each .
that guy would have to have thrown like 500 joints to get to a few grand .
but him telling actors to not do that is still fucking hypocritical .
but sure continue wishing the guy with 130m bitch about people who are with 200m .
i 'd say you just paid 12 for the booster box itself the contents are not included .
i have no idea what you 're talking about .
we lost the first game against the packers because the defense gave up 21 in the first fucking quarter .
you can always say the offense could have scored more points but i do n't feel that loss is on our offense at all .
all the abortions could have been done between 20 and 23 weeks .
i highly doubt that all the women they sampled would fall into such a narrow category .
individually when each women had aborted and for what reason .
regardless the article clearly states the reasons do n't change just because it 's late term .
i just need one reliably true anecdote from an unbiased source .
and it 's there arguing from incredulity is n't going to work especially since you said that fact you wanted an anecdote of an abortion at 24 weeks because that 's most premature a baby can survive when their are cases of people surviving at 21 weeks https www.google.com/amp/s/www.today.com/today/amp/tdna118610
this is probably the best post i 've seen on this subreddit .
this is a friend asking a friend to do something with them they want to do ...
there are places that 'll pay an employee 17-25 hr without tips to do waiter jobs delivery etc compared to the us where there are places that still pay way less than even just 8 hr for a worker .
i hate wind when having a good hair day .
it hits us curly girls on a different level man .
it 's still not letting me start a new tournament .
i 'm allowed to have opinions and discuss what i want .
your solution is to put ankle monitors on hundreds of thousands of people ?
pretty sure it was the 4 million extra voters who chose hillary that told us to nominate her actually
if you absolutely love dogs as i do do not watch this film .
i feel too physically sick and nauseous to do anything .
maybe i 'll just cry it out and take a nap .
while on holiday i used my sak to take apart the hotel supplied power adapter .
because i do n't have a canadian credit card or even a us one amazon.ca wo n't let me buy a book even on a vpn .
i 'm thinking of sending my canadian account an amazon gift card and trying that .
what annoys me is that i 've been in contact with the publisher and they said there was no restriction on the licensing and it was perfectly ok for me to have the electronic version .
i even have the hard copy but it seems no one wants to sell me the ebook .
the talking to the camera is because it 's based on a play she wrote and acted in and those were asides to the audience .
they 're great you 'll love them in this .
brian dabol is trash-he had league-worst o 's with the browns chiefs and now the bills .
even saban didnt want him back after they won an nc .
his atrocious scheme and play-calling finally caught up with the rest of the team when it mattered the most .
he needs to go in order for the bills to take the next step-17pts a game is n't going to cut it in today 's nfl even with a great defense .
they wo n't insult him because if they do they will burn themselves
i 've had someone send me death threats and had the police told me it 's not illegal ... you have to ask them not to first before it becomes a crime
that 's why i took a 7 month break .
you 're good for a year or two more .
although it 's still a rock solid system for esports titles .
if you see this photo and feel the need to attack a political party it 's probably time you take a long hard look at your life .
its hard to imagine they are not all trans friendly .
i think they would be looking for somewhere else to work if they were not .
extremely f2p friendly and u get enough free gems weekly to cover the most pressing needs which are basically getting more echelons/dorms/slots .
the only reason to whale are if u 're impatient and want to get the aforementioned things sooner or for costumes the main assassins of wallets .
gameplay is not restricted in any way by wallets .
fully recommend u give it a shot and see for urself
your kid must be very polite to warrant a free ride to school .
but next time he never dare to sleep on the bus lol .
side note you never bring your kids overseas before ?
why does n't he knows recognise the passport machine ?
edit just saw its not your kid lol mind asking the kid for me ?
if you are on mobile you can go to the front page click the 3 dots click change user flair '' and then find your flair .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askteenboys if you have any questions or concerns .
notice the complaints stopped on this thread about it .
sure the gun was n't put in one of your classes ?
i have not found a way to play commercial bds in vlc without libaacs.dll .
strategy 1 download vlc portable that is the zip package option on their site .
since it wo n't be installed anywhere its location will just be wherever you download it to like the downloads folder .
maybe windows will allow you to drag and drop files into this location even without admin .
strategy 2 request temporary admin access for a work-related reason .
when you get admin permissions do what you need with vlc .
also if the keys file does n't have the key for your specific disk here https www.reddit.com/r/vlc/comments/ee3q5r/how_do_i_use_libbluray_to_watch_blurays/fcj57c3 ? utm_source=share utm_medium=web2x is another method which involves using makemkv to decrypt it on the fly for vlc .
all political parties in the world are getting rich so lets vote for kmt aimiright ?
you borrow pleasure yes in terms of lifetime lived but to say you 're borrowing pleasure after a few drinks is hogwash to the max and trust me it will be gone in your lifetime .
this sanctimonious preaching while it might make you feel good is simply not real .
dopamine and serotonin replenishes so much faster than you think .
a hard molly hit which robs you of serotonin way more than a few shots replenishes in 8 hrs of sleep .
your brain can make a lifetime of the chemicals needed it just needs to not be fed gunk .
theory has also come a long way since then .
and bobby fisher basically showed how to beat the kings gambit so it surprises me that kasparov actually played this
i doubt this is a universal thing at all pizza places .
i 've seen many restaurants of even the same chain have different break policies .
guess you have to decide if you want to play for fun or if you want to play comp .
they have had a number of quality control recalls but i did n't count those because they were self initiated rather than legislatively required .
if you are intoxicated at .001 you can still be convicted of dui .
just simply staying under the limit is n't a guarantee that you wont be convicted .
it is not perfectly legal to drive with a bac of .79 or .01 under whatever the limit is around you if you are intoxicated .
lol yeah dude that price obviously includes wisdom teeth removal .
i got a deep cleaning and a couple cavities filled at some place down in irvine when i was working over there and i wan na say it was around 700 maybe for everything .
they really did n't give you an itemized estimate ?
i have the 88-pan and just ordered the adept palette '' which is the double-sided one with a divider .
the only drawback is that the cover is n't super sturdy i believe it 's cardboard inside so i do n't like putting anything on top in case it weighs down on top of the pans .
i 'm excited to get the double-sided one and if you 're needing space for more than 88 standard shadows i 'd go with that one !
good fucking luck taking their settlements filled to the brim with marauder champions mammoths and other stuff at turn 20 that is harder than anything else you 'll face the entire campaign .
skeggi will be ez cuz norsca doese n't have walls '' .
full army income at 20 gold per turn both skeggi towns has doomstack garrisons even without an army there .
ok maybe i just have n't seen the lore you 're referencing then .
i 'm thinking about the season of the dawn lore with the speaker talking with eriana-3 about finding a successor and was wanting saint to take the place but saint l left to find osiris .
i have a habit of wearing my dads socks on accident and getting holes in my socks .
so i ordered 50 of them online so i 'll never run out .
if you 're gon na smoke shisha might as well do marijuana lol
probably not unless they pay him what he is worth .
also green was considered to have first round potential had he stayed in school one more year he was raw but teams were high on him
teams saw collier as a 3rd-4th round pick that could possibly be rotational depth
breeders will do it in an attempt to keep them from breaking their tails due to falling from overly clipped wings .
looking at the disney train station set box there 's a photoshopped in monorail on the back that has no purpose being there .
why would they crop the ears but not neuter them ?
i had a dream like that once where it just seemed so real and i wanted it to be real .
then i woke up to a fuzzy memory of a girl i knew only from imagination and a family i may never have .
i need this on a my pill box immediately georgia voice
hes getting there i dont like how i need to wait to comment
it 's also really hard to constantly do his voice in your head .
especially with long sentences or stuff he just would n't have said in the movies .
i have a brand new google stadia founders edition if you 're interested
man i wish i had the money to give you platinum or gold
mine has started screaming ma ma ma ma at the top of her lungs until i come get her .
it was wild to see him pop up too .
right now what we 'd normally do in this situation is just end it as is because uconn is the one being waited on and they 're down .
if they do call a play before the deadline hits it would n't end we 'd try to get you two to just finish the whole thing out given how much time is left in the game .
want giant mouse ace biblio in a titanium variation have benchmade aileron spyderco mantra 1 spyderco firefly .
the quarterback hands it off it 's run up the middle and stopped at the san jose state 27 .
it 's 3rd and 7. ! https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20gainrunpositive message=the 20quarterback 20hands 20it 20off 2c 20it 27s 20run 20up 20the 20middle 2c 20and 20stopped 2c 20at 20the 20 7byardline 7d. 20a 20run 20of 20 7byards 7d 20yard 28s 29. 20it 27s 20 7bdown 7d 20and 20 7byardsleft 7d .
it 's 3rd and 7 on the san jose state 27 .
hh is still last or second last depending on the month just like in the base game .
would n't really call that a big boost in popularity lol
it has a great reputation in the community and people love dooters but there 's still very few of us .
this would be sick but probably too complicated for a laser https i.redd.it/588w3kl2fsr31.jpg
i 'm having a hard time interpreting that for some reason ... is he saying that you should n't drink more than two days in a row or that you should ?
are you trying to keep drinking but still avoid withdrawals ?
huh what 's the one with the pi symbol on it ?
it is cheems counts he isnt edited from doge hes just balltze looking derpy balltze kabosu btw
because there is no way to trace them except in very general ways there is no reason for them to come through i 've seen numerous cases .
fruit is ripe for picking and harvest just after one of the dnms disappears for whatever reason and that 's when these guys crawl out from under a rock .
spoiler alert there 's a season 2 so he obviously did n't kill himself .
shut up i know he 's your friend i do n't care !
wisconsin has a public records database called ccap where you can look anyone up and all the court stuff .
certain things come off after so many years though .
i like to build a 128 in drum rack https www.reddit.com/r/ableton/comments/b5osf8/the_last_drum_rack_youll_ever_have_to_make
you can curate your own favorite drum sounds into one mega drum rack .
once your beat is laid down you can audition sounds extremely fast with macros .
if you have a usb controller with rotary encoders it 's super convenit and fun .
i do n't know what kind of music you are doing but i like tech house and i find it tedious to put down the same 4-on-the-floor and offbeat hats every time .
so i wrote a max4live plugin to randomly generate house beats .
i 've worked in government for almost 19 years .
my best tip is to take the job announcement and for each bullet where it lists the required/desirable ksas knowledge skills abilities think of an example of how you 've demonstrated that item in the past .
when you 're finished you 'll have a list of relevant experiences to talk about no matter what questions they throw at you .
this has served me well in my civil service career .
there should be a pitt-penn state game on this list
is it weird that i thing of yang and blake as the more mature motherly quiet '' couple i mean yang was the team mom and weiss and ruby to be like the kids who love-hate eachother ?
am i crazy i am crazy by default but does it make me more crazy
myself i do n't i feel really uncomfortable for some reason .
lol ... i think it 's super naive to think usman would n't beat st-pierre ' ass the same way he beat twood 's .
he 's not going to get in a fire fight with anyone in that division that is n't colby .
he 's just gon na fence wrestling them into oblivion and i doubt he 's afraid to grapple with a pushing 40 georges .
hell gsp looked pretty fucking not interested in grappling with michael fucking bisping a couple years ago .
i was n't a active reddit user when this trade happened but i have always been very high on fiala .
i 'm with you that i thought the wild got the better of that trade
me congratulating the guy she told me not to worry about after he successfully steals my girl
thanks for the info i guess i 'll have to keep obtaining more crts .
dwarves are klingons with nordic names and elves are japanese .
i wish to be the fastest runner in the world
just to be clear reddit he 's talking about hollywood liberals .
even if it 's tough to say it you have to .
then there 's the shotgun effect where a perfectly timed cough results in your pebble-dashing the whole bowl .
which weirdly is both a moment of despair and pride ...
so why are you assuming there were larger ones ?
you 're the one saying it 's the biggest fire ever with barely any evidence
literally every available piece of evidence shows that climate change is and will continue to do irreparable harm
it 's not because of cow farts and people driving cars it 's a natural process
it 's considered a psy op in some circles .
but that wouldnt stop me from burying my face between your legs
so what is that thing i 'm seein in all these asses ?
you cunts on here act like you know the best way for everything and not one of you are an nba gm .
were you in a private school before or homeschooled ?
from my understanding googling obscure shit like this trams have complete right of way in romania maybe all of europe ? .
so if you 're on it 's path and get bumped it 's your fault .
at my current job i get six days a year that i can choose and twelve that are set although i get to decide if i want to work triple-time for those days .
however this is a company in which everything revolves around seniority and i just joined workers who have been here longer than a year get between three and five weeks off in addition to the set holidays .
at my previous job i received a total of fifteen paid days off per year as a member of the highest tier of front-line support and an engineering liason ... but our department was so badly understaffed that it was almost impossible to get permission to actually use that paid time off .
short version do n't work in the us if you can avoid it
well there 's no difference it is still a 2070 super those oc cards from manufacturers give you about 20mhz boost '' so there is no difference between brands just aesthetics and personal preference if you would pay for that do n't swap it
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our current karma threshold of 5k link karma and positive comment karma .
in the meantime feel free to post your oc memes to r/specialsnowflake for a chance at getting whitelisted here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
reckon pacers 6ers bucks parlay would be a good idea ?
after watching that leicester game how can you remove trent !
i do believe any gif can be saved i dont think it saves the images themselves just the urls to them so you can link them in chat so not sure why itd be more complicated than using gifs
about pens for black paper have you tried the pastel line from zebra sarasa ?
in my opinion those are the best for writing .
the sakura gelly rolls moonlight collection have great color though .
i do n't use them as much because they have a very thick tip .
apparently they have a 06mm version but i could never find it .
can you or anyone else please share any tips on surviving then ?
i keep hearing people say 'bring a shield and tank it is impossible to die ' but apart from resonance i have little experience with shields and seem to die a lot .
the pvp damage output vs life points in eoc is a bit mental .
i 'd love to go for the wildy slayer log just get fed up of griefers pkers '' .
i do n't even care about the minimal death loss mine is average 100k of potions/food just the hassle of it all .
oh and if there is such a thing as rngjesus please give me a damn zuriel staff for the chaos title .
damn i hope his ass goes to prison and his cellmate is the alpha black guy .
the challange for me is in not being guilted into workforce slavery '' and stay independent own boss .
or when a customer insults you or neglects what you are saying it becomes near impossible to finish the project .
other times customers change what thet want every day which makes it hard to oversee what they want today ...
each of these things can be solved though focus should be on programming !
mewpu your submission has been automatically removed because we do not allow videos .
feel free to read the sidebar rules and faq for further clarification .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drawing if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's a virtuous and wholesome yank with integrity right there folks .
show up at work her yoga studio ... her house ... definitely do n't call first .
sometimes just sit on her porch crying until she comes back and tell her how much you love her and how sorry you are .
how much you need her and you are n't complete without her .
then when she rejects you she will girls always love playing hard to get .
you have to start telling her you ca n't live without her .
you will self-harm and you need her love to make you whole again .
whatever you do never accept no for an answer never move on and never have fun with other better looking more fun women .
im wondering when ultrawide tvs will start being a thing lot of tv shows even being filmed in cinescope now seems like theres more content out there that would fit a 3840x1600 screen than 3840x2160 .
i dont mind black bars or anything but it was kind of annoying watching s4 of the expanse on a smaller monitor because instead of the ultra wide shots feeling more grand and open or whatever they said they were going for they felt claustrophobic to me because suddenly the picture was like half the size .
det er vell egentlig ikke så farlig så lenge hun har gode gener .
skal du absolutt ha den type moro så bør hun kunne løpe 5 min .
uten å holde på å dø kunne enkel hoderegning og forstå at kube går ikke inn i rundt hull .
det egentlige problemet her er vell at de fleste menn er tilbøyelig for å bare knulle en hvilken som helst kvinne uten noe form for beskyttelse men kvinner er mer tilbakeholden .
hadde vi menn tenkt oss om litt så hadde nok menneskeheten vært betraktelig sunnere .
så ikke bekymre deg for om hun blir gravid eller ikke .
vær mer bekymret for om hun er sunn og smart .
det er ikke like lett for at en kvinne som er dum som et brød med null kondis lurer deg til å tro at hun er smart og i god form .
jeg er ikke det minste bekymret for å bli lurt av en kvinne på den måten du beskriver .
de gangene jeg knuller så vet jeg at hun er bra nok .
synes bare det ville vært komisk om en skulle si jeg er ikke på pillen '' eller lignende etter å ha bli godt fylt som om hun tok innersvingen på meg .
en kvinne som vil ale frem ungene dine jobber jo bare for din sak egentlig .
da skal du bare le og si ja der lurte du meg godt '' og sove .
that fact that these big guys needed armor is concerning..
xmp2 will set it at 1.35v that 's the tested voltage with gskill at 3600 when you check their qvl for your ram .
if by any chance it do n't put it at 1.35v do it manually .
although have n't got to catch many streams lately .
did it last night to test this morning woke up and checked and it had saved my progress worked for me .
i think it 's worth a go maybe try and do something you can track like move your settlement and do the saving trick .
that is one big poisitive news one big negative news .
i have a life size cardboard cutout i 've had since the special edition was released in theaters and yes i have noticed this detail .
if the bmw was 20 car lengths back and an 18-wheeler 's brakes failed the camry would still get rear ended .
by your logic that is still the bmws fault for not stopping in time .
most states allow insurance to assign partial blame so i do n't know what the camry will face in terms of bills but that third car would generally be at fault for the centipede of rear ends that they cause .
..pretending like i did n't sing this throughout my teens .
i think it 's more likely odriozola gets sold and hakimi joins as carjaval replacement/jolly joker type of player .
zidane likes his nacho/vasquez type of sub who can play multiple roles .
holy crap i did n't know i could opt out on credit card offers .
i 'm trying to imagine how the new fixed sex positions would be..
and the whole solar system rotates around the center of the galaxy which also is not static .
so earth can not be in the same place two times every year as snyder said .
the only time i used that technique was against the miniboss .
but luckily i think we are entering an age where this shit is going to start dying off because social media as a whole is dying .
do you have evidence for this or is this a personal opinion ?
i suspect it is n't beaten to death nearly enough yet .
perhaps it could just be that you have not fully became comfortable with your pronouns yet ?
im a cis female but my girlfriend who is mtf identified as non-binary before she fully identified as female !
maybe you could ease yourself into using she/her pronouns by using they/them until you are more comfortable ?
if you want to talk to another transgirl pm me and ill give you my girlfriends instagram or somethin !
sadly your post has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions you can message the mod team through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/cursedcomments replies to this removal comment will not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
bear in mind the entire first movie was made in 10 months
i dunno what your frame is like or how much muscle your trying to put on but honestly if i were you i 'd want to get my weight up to 190ish then focus on the weight lifting .
but if your just trying to lose weight with lifting drink lots of water and count your calories .
i think you need to fast for at least 24 hours to get any benefits from it so i would n't fast and weight lift .
drink water and try and get calories from fats/proteins/carbs .
a lot of things are loaded sugar and sugar is bad .
i think they only mention moving to syria for the drama .
i do n't think anyone on their right mind would go into a war zone .
i seem to recall later on avery said they would most likely go to another country that omar is able to travel to .
for example with friends i do n't care what their religious or political views are .
i 'm a christian but most of my best friends are atheists .
yet i would never want to marry an atheist because while my friends have good traits for friendship they do n't have the same values i would have when handling money or raising children things that matter in romance and marriage .
if you run into a problem just zip tie one of these to it and you 'll be good to go !
excelent band and album really spiraled into a lot more tapes down the line after it too .
currently they are constructing thompson line as in the article and after that will be cross island line of similar size .
there is also a giant sewer line called dtss going on at the moment covering all of western singapore with some 20 tbms .
for me i do n't enjoy competitive modes as they all cap your potential score on your number of merges and i prefer to collect and build as many units as i can rather than focus on a few .
ar feels like a contest where you can merge for an advantage or to increase your score if you 're already playing perfectly .
in mjolnir it 's trivial to score perfectly so only the merge contest remains .
i still prefer it to ar though as ar is a daily chore .
as the title suggests i would like to know fics that have the canon characters are encounter an au with a female harry and ron falls for her or harry has a sister and goes for her .
hello dungeon world community and role players in general !
i know it may be a bit late.. but happy new year for everyone .
il make it short i like dw warcraft and tabletop rpg so..
it took me a while over 4 months to come up with at least 7 classes.. and to do some miner changes to the entire dw base line to place the entire warcraft universe on it .
but believe it or not i 'm almost done .
i moved recently and changed job 's so i lost a lot of my old crew with which i used to role play .
my time zone is gmt 1 i live in switzerland and i 'm looking for 3-4 players that would like to try my dungeon warcraft world ? ''
we would play once or twice a week online using something like discord/skype/alike .
if you like dw warcraft and role play.. that 's all i need to know .
i am free mostly on weekdays tuesday wednesday and more on the late side of the day approx .
i would love to play a short maybe 2-3 month campaign with some of you to tweak out all the things that maybe i cant see clearly atm .
if on the other hand any gm would like to see what i have made use it in any way.. give me feedback just send me a message !
i 'm almost done with this project.. and its make or break time .
ps my spanish and german is much better than my english.. so playing in another language would also be fine .
a few years ago i obtained a korean drivers license which is still valid to date .
i have since moved to china and would really like to rent a car during my next vacation in february .
is there any way of applying for an international drivers permit from china ?
i saw on http dl.koroad.or.kr/license/en http dl.koroad.or.kr/license/en that it is possible to have an agent do the paperwork for me ... so in theory i should be able to ?
but no details as to which agents to contact were listed .
it 's a long shot but any help would be great !
unfortunately do get an idp from my home country would require me returning home ... and a chinese license is not an option .
no va panels tho as i can not stand ghosting .
tried the 27g2u but it only had 6 bit .
i goofed and went tts with some yeezy 350s .
anyone else to tts do they stretch over time ?
i have monthly appointments with a doctor always on 2 pm .
now she has scheduled my appointment on 4 pm .
i will now go home and come back at 4 but like this time was not planned in ehat should i do now for half an hour at home .
there was no reason to make a later appointment than usual .
more of a rant i 'm sorry but i have to get rid of it .
sorry for any spelling or grammar mistakes my first language is n't english
... elliot is standing at the window with the other alters in the finale ?
i 've been looking everywhere and it 's bugging me now .
it was such a perfect piece of music for the moment though .
so when i 'm doing balloons late at night and everyone else is in bed i try to be as quiet as possible .
then during the in and out breaths my senses seem to dull i seem less aware of my surroundings and less able to judge how loud i am .
so then i think my level of perceptions has dulled .
but then i think are n't our senses always quite dull .
i can hear and see around me but i ca n't see molecules and atoms .
i ca n't see in the 3rd dimension i ca n't hear further than my immediate surroundings .
we do n't see the world as it is we see it as we perceive it .
perception of reality is a scale and our normal level of perception is somewhere on this scale .
when we do drugs we move up and down this scale depending on the drug but there 's nothing special or perfect about our normal level of perception it 's just what we 're capable of .
my take away from this is that just because something is normal does n't mean it 's that good or the best way to do it .
anyone know a place where i can do some very low altitude low speed drone practice in the area possibly a indoor place ?
so my microphone is showing up in my settings as headset mic however no one is able to hear me in game .
i tried it on my brothers pc and it works fine anyone else having this issue ?
tất tả các chuyên gia về phong thủy đều cho rằng điều quan trọng nhất trong quá trình mua xe là việc lựa chọn màu sắc xe hợp tuổi .
nếu xe được chọn theo những màu sắc tương sinh với mệnh tuổi chủ xe sẽ mang lại may mắn tài lộc và sự an toàn trên những chuyến đi .
dành cho những bạn đọc sinh năm 1992 hôm nay blog mycar xin được gợi ý cho bạn những màu xe mà tuổi nhâm thân 1992 nên mua qua bài viết sau đây .
we were considering trying it out but i do n't see it .
if someone wants to get it off their hands please pm me
i just binged the show and i can not take all the folding panel dividers .
does anyone actually decorate with these things ? ? ?
these are made up rooms ca n't they just make them smaller if they are trying to fill space ?
i admit i hate mumble rap because it 's garbage music .
but when it comes to technology just cause you do n't want to learn something new does n't make it bad .
i spent almost an hour setting up a bot for a discord server .
i copied and pasted the js file to another folder so i could use the same exact bot for another server .
no i do n't know how to code but what got me was the dev section .
i finally got it down and i know how to set up another bought if i need too .
my house is slowly turning into a smart home .
i have my bedroom lights my lamp and my bathroom lights all smarteded out .
i can tell google to turn something on or off .
when people like my step dad are like stop adding things to the house !
also you do n't have to be an electrician to change a fuckin switch in your house .
turn off the breaker look at the wires put them on the right place put the plate on turn on the breaker done .
my step dad got angry at me cause i swapped it out and said you 're not an electrician ! ''
i did something cool and all he wants to do is be a dick .
i 'm planning on using my arizer air 2 with this piece .
would the bong tip over if attached the arizer air to it ?
and what are your thoughts on the blue glass or paint ?
i 'm having trouble with my f5 key buzzing .
i tuned it up to f for a song and after i tuned it back down to f i noticed a buzz .
i have tried using paper and pushing it to the right and left .
i am trying to avoid the torque method any other ideas on why/how to fix this ?
i 've wanted to cut the cord for years .
finally got my wife to at least try it .
occasionally the picture will either freeze or digitize regardless of channel .
it never lasts more than a few seconds but it 's enough that it 's annoying to my wife .
then tonight she was watching amc and got a black screen with the white circle .
the only way to get it back was to reload the app and go back to the channel .
at first we tried using the built in app on our lg c9 tv .
after researching and finding that 's not always an ideal option i tried an apple tv 4k .
now on a 2019 nvidia shield tv and still having issues .
wifi is the only option for the location connecting via a netgear ex7000 extender .
the extender is in the same location as the shield as well as the tv .
i 've tried both 2.4 and 5ghz connections currently on 5ghz pulling about 80mbps with 15ms ping .
other things like netflix hulu etc seem to be unaffected by this .
powerline ethernet adapters wo n't work due to the layout of the house .
wiring up an access point is n't really an option either as it would require drilling jack install etc and we are in a rental house .
i 'm pretty sure if i ca n't find a way to fix this then cutting the cord wo n't be an option .
i 've seen that youtube tv is one of the better services out there so i somewhat feel like trying something else might not improve anything ... any ideas ?
i found posts saying it is but those are years old so not sure how that holds up today .
there are many tools available for crypto mining but a safe wallet is a must-have for any crypto enthusiast .
today we look at how to create crypto wallets on btc.com and show you options for cold wallets and wallet security .
we support the bitcoin network and the future of decentralization by building an extensive mining network already over 730 ph/s and giving control to the community .
learn about bitcoin cryptocurrency mining and join the community protecting our decentralized future .
hello i was accepted into luc and got a decent scholarship .
i 've been coding and involved with cs organizations for a decade now so it 's safe to say i 'm very familiar with coding and the concepts .
i 'm just wondering if luc is the move because i found myself bored and playing video games in every cs class i 've ever taken .
i want to be challenged in cs so is luc going to do that for me ?
otherwise i really like luc 's vibe they seem to really care about their students .
i have n't heard from any other schools yet i 'm just trying to get a feeling for it .
is there a way to go back and re-read old chapters that i 've already been through or do i have to just restart the whole story ?
and if i do that do i have to pay the hearts for options again or does the app remember i already paid for it ?
i 'm having to hold off for a bit until i get my next bit of hearts and i was hoping to just go back and read the chapters i 've already cleared to pass the time and stuff ...
do n't you miss the good old days getting off school and running home to grab your after school snack and spend countless hours on perp ?
all these new servers are heavily modified we just want the old perp back .
i 'm the owner and developer of archive perp me and my friend clypso founded this server to bring back retro perp and relive countless hours of great memories .
archive is modified to fit today 's theme of garry 's mod but its modified in the right way .
we feature a lsd system and a crack cocaine system as-well as the old drugs that were in the o.g perp .
do n't you want to relive your memories of perp ?
medifast diet this is my 2nd round of doing this diet after 8 years and my hs
and this is the only reason i am doing the diet again i kno i kno but i needed something quick to loose some weight i 've tried eatting clean too-i 've been on medifast since jan 1st 2020 and the results are astonishing .
i have been logging everything that has helped me in the past 6 months and my husband i were remembering how i went from size 16 2 and the hs went away !
so we agreed to pay the heaping for it .
these past 2 days i have got more done around the house then past few months total as they are drying up like little jerkies and i am able to wear my bra of course still with tshirt on skin first .
does anyone know the effects of soy on the immune system ?
is it some sort of unknown immune therapy that has reduce inflammation ... ?
mwp studios professional camera work video and photography production in new york city and miami fashion photographer portrait and celebrity photography beauty images bridal wedding photography location travel miami swim week photography https mwpstudios.com .
jasmine is sitting/laying on his lap and grinding hard while getting fingered .
i have heard such amazing things about her palettes and they look absolutely stunning .
i have 7 eyeshadow palettes which i would like to pan over the next year and then splurge to reward myself !
bobcat training in witbank https preview.redd.it/iwie32esib941.jpg ? width=933 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=885bfb8279d835d9d4fe2143a363a1f8ba5a6bd6
address 32 bell street caltex building office no.g14 nelspruit mpumalanga south africa .
so you 'll have to believe me i ca n't stand playing with 10 to 0 fps
ecery fucking 3 seconds everythign freezess iebssbwsaosowsisejqk i dropped 70 pdl today im d4 and i 'll drop to bronxe siksndofisbsoweowaosowhsidhiwa
prime time right now and nobody chatting and stuff feels empty .
its winter break and i parked in the rap deck general online it says permit holders can park there but i was like fuck it and i got a 100 ticket for no permit .
ive gotten a ticket before tried to waive it did n't get it waved and paid the 85 .
idk if my car plates are connected to my account which it should n't so i might say fuck it and not pay it .
i am looking for long term chat buddies as the title says .
generally life is busy with work and taking care of family .
i miss having those friends to be myself have some light conversations may be talk philosophy joke around and literally just talk !
if you are bored lonely or looking for friendship message me !
even if you do n't have much to say that 's fine .
i 'm just curious to see how many people have it and do not have it .
there 's something satisfying about hearing gothboiclique right before the bass comes in .
happens in so many songs but my fav is about halfway through corinthiax by wicca or in i crash u crash at the start
also its a bit of a curse because as soon as you realise how well placed the adlib is in certain songs it 's hard to not listen out for it lmao .
i recently got into the last step for the leviathans breath which is for me to do the arms dealer quest but the problem is i did n't have season 8 and i 've heard of kackishd 's most recent video that if you 're in a fire team with someone who did have the season 8 pass then they could load it up and take you into this .
so in this case i 'm looking for someone on xbox who had the season 8 pass who would try this out with me and see if it works if so leave a reply and i 'll send you my gamer tag .
i have given up on looking for someone else i think .
i ca n't love anymore like i could with my wife .
i also fear the connection and the responsibility it holds .
i would n't be able to give my all to that other person and that would feel like an insult to her in my eyes .
also i ca n't loose what i do n't have i guess ...
i do n't even know who i am to be honest .
i have given myself up so completely over the last eight years that everything i originally wanted to do before i met her was n't important to me anymore .
i have to slowly get back to knowing what i even want out of the long years and decades i have left .
i do n't even know who i am to be honest . ''
i am an engineer so i always have to create a theory for what the hell is going on that can help me understand what is going on .
i have no choice i will think about this until i come up with one that explains what i am seeing
my theory is that it is like you died too on that terrible day .
you are different and there is no going back .
your interests are different you seem rudderless and engines off between the old life and the new life .
it is like your life ended and that was the old life '' and now you are facing a completely new life '' and you do not even know where to start ?
some people especially women appear to be rudderless and engines off for years while the widowers at least get the engine room running again in a year or two .
what heading they should take is a whole another question ? ? ?
i 'm a senior in high school and i plan on studying computer science but specifically game development in college .
i 've been passionate about computers since a little kid .
i have an english project due next week since it 's the end of the semester and we need to create a podcast starring a specific topic of our choice .
i need to interview someone that would be able to enlighten the listeners and even myself on the topic .
it does n't need to be about game development specifically even though that would be a plus .
just got a free t7910 from work and need some help with build ideas .
want to keep the budget to a few hundred dollars for now .
i have a zotac 2gb gpu and like 5 firepro v7xxx 2gb cards that i can use to get started .
i have enough ecc registered ram to at least get it up to 32gb .
i also have a handful of smaller nvme m.2 ssds 128gb maybe ? .
i 'll probably use it for some gaming working from home coding and maybe to try and play some vr games .
hassan nasrallah the head of hezbollah the lebanese shia militia loyal to iran said that military bases warships and troops were legitimate targets but businessmen engineers journalists and doctors would be spared
that 's a few reservists breathing sighs of relief .
i know this post is a few days old but i 've witnessed this happening .
the crocodiles are so close to the ground that the poop clips through their belly and settles on top of them when they poop on the ground sometimes .
i cracked up the first time i saw it for sure .
hope that means we might see him in a dubs uniform again .
it 's been reported that trump was given a list of retaliatory options with killing the general being the most extreme .
pompeo and pence encouraged him to kill the guy apparently pompeo obsesses over iran and pence falsely blames them for 9/11 .
at first trump chose a lesser act against a military group .
a few days later after a phone call with putin trump ordered the hit under the guise of meeting in iraq to negotiate a de-escalation between iran and the us .
killing someone on their way to/from the negotiating table is considered wrong .
so trump benefits by changing the news cycle and we 'll see how putin benefits from stirring up unrest in the middle east and us .
ahh i see sorry for my misinterpretations yeah i thought my question asked is stupid as what other feel .
you seem to be implying that i 'm bootlicking is and that i think they 're acting in our best interest .
i thought it was pretty clear that the reason i think they wo n't implement this feature is for the opposite reason they would make more money by not having these tokens .
pokemon duel decided to remove the gacha system in favour of paying a monthly fee then choosing pokemon you wanted each month .
soon later they shut down the game because it was n't earning enough .
that case was slightly different because they removed the gacha system but it still shows that they earned far less when they let people just choose pokemon than when they had to roll for them .
the problem with that characterization is that i 'm generally socially conservative but when it comes down to the votes i must cast at each election social issues take the back burner to economic and governance issues .
the political spectrum forces us to push a multi-dimensional field of values into a single dimension .
i love the dance and think its great to see tisakorean and j4ckson7 dancing with him .
i also liked that he used a clip from the narduar interview at the end especially after running away from him twice ?
the whole women and cleaning thing is overdone overrated and comes accross as pretty shitty
bolivia and ukraine on the list too and god knows how many african states cia is operating in illegally .
how is the battlepass the only place for rewards ?
i do n't enjoy grinding a bunch as much as the next guy but do n't go saying you need to level the pass for rewards
congratulations on your baby and her smashing all her own health goals that 's so great !
keto will always be there when ever you go back and you 're already making such great progress and you 've just restarted well done you 've got this !
griefers ... it 's in the game and part of it stop whining
do n't know the numbers but i always finish with a ff on my heal cycle before sitting idle for 5secs .
so for a 5 man that would be regrowth rejuv on tank optional rejuv on a melee tab targetting and ff .
for a raid it goes without saying that bosses must always have ff up it 's one of the 16 debuff slots .
my wife and i use homosexuality in game settings a lot .
but being that we are homos it 's a bit different .
example my character turns out to be gay and her character over-dramatically gasps and starts trying to set my character up with every same sex character and npc making fun of the fact that many fake-allies think that just because two people are gay means they 'll want to date .
he didnt suck in dallas where he played most of his career
well technically glory got herself blown up due to contrivance and she sent blackjack off against her will also did not p20 what ever get killed to that maga bitch ?
then again considering why there was bdsm in the plot she dose have a habit of beating herself up .
oh and bat boy i do not even think she was around when he got lobotomized ... .
he did get shot in the head or am i derping harder then i thought ?
also normal seven year olds and you would be right but seven year olds in the wast i can not imagine in seven years all the raiders were destroyed .
i feel like in such times it might very well matter why she had to leave the way she did .
i recently dual booted my 2016 macbook pro with kali .
i ran into so many issues with drivers keyboard mouse touchbar wifi etc .
i almost gave up but luckily stumbled across a few forums where people had reverse engineered some of the apple drivers and i managed to get it all working eventually .
that was with a 2016 macbook pro where people have had years to get linux drivers for the mac hardware working .
with the 16 '' macbook pro being so new i would think you will struggle for driver support for loads of things and you may find running kali in a vm is the only usable option for now .
by the way the performance difference between running it natively and via a virtualbox vm was enormous so its definitely worth persevering with it unless you have loads of ram and spare cpu cores to throw at a vm which i did n't .
good luck with it let us know how you get on .
i may upgrade my macbook pro soon so i 'd be interested to see how this pans out .
i easily wipe out the first four and the last one is camping in a house with an s36 .
try to deprive them of their wants or joy in having/seeing exotic animals in domestic captivity and they 'll shut you out .
i just wish we could educate people more widely about how difficult it is to properly care for any exotic animals .
hell even raising a cat or dog properly requires a decent effort that not everyone can do .
unfortunately we 'll always have fucknuts who disregard such shit and will only think about how cool it will be to have an exotic animal .
he tells luke that darth vader turned anakin to the dark side .
since he knows 'darth vader ' is n't palpatine i 'm sure he could connect the dots .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
i 'm guessing the dude has some mental health issues but they did n't take him straight to the back for whatever reason .
i kinda wish they would go back the the straight lines of the ps2 logo
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
yes grow a beard at 16 why did no one think of that before ?
no because jojo stands are willpower based and the amount of willpower it takes to push air out of the way of our bodies as we move is negligible .
people try to explain away will-based aspects of magical powers in terms of physical logic and joke about jojo logic '' but truly the basis of all stands is their ability to affect reality contingent on the will of the user to do so and the willpower of humans is obviously limited so all stand users ability to affect reality is thus limited .
with all of this given it does n't seem outlandish that kc can selectively choose which objects he interacts with during erased time given some certain abstract limits that only exist due to the boundaries of diavolo 's spirit .
kalista gets thrown into the bin as soon as she passes 50 w/r
kalista dominated summer 2015 worlds 2015 spring 2016 summer 2017 and worlds 2017 1 pick/ban in each of these .
both xayah and kai'sa have been fairly popular picks since their release but they 've only really dominated worlds 2018 and 2019 .
i really like the champions idea but i do n't like the seasonal mods forcing you to use a specific archetype of weapons .
with that being said i also understand why it is there and i do n't know what bungie could do in order to make it a better system .
i do n't think turning the mod into a universal mod rather than seasonal is a good thing because then it will just feel like a completely tacked-on game mechanic since all you would need to do is put on the mod .
maybe retroactively giving all exotics a certain type as well as certain archetypes another ?
kinda like how every armor affinity has a specific weapon type those mods could also be archetype dependent .
once the abortion happened i did n't know what to do
sweet i working on something similar with the new wave of sets .
ah yes the credibility destroying act of calling someone a generational name that is n't even correct .
the people you refer to snubbed him in person not sat on the internet and blamed the fires on him like the kids i 'm referring to .
it appears that you 're posting from a recently created account to prevent spam we automatically remove all posts from brand new accounts .
feel free to wait a few days and try again please do not ask us to approve your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gayporn if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's what they are trying but does n't seem to work out .
it 's not a big deal kesh it happens to every guy i swear !
it 's been known ever since solo kill rubick on an invoker https www.reddit.com/r/dota2/comments/7vbpzm/solo_kill_rubick_on_an_invoker
this was my first christmas without my religious family/friends there .
shared a joint with my cousins and 63 year old aunt .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diojpqwepp9 if you have any questions or concerns .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the one person who actually drew that has been watching too much fox news while polishing his nra-vetted machine gun ...
not scene in this art a grown up business woman saikawa still having a kannagasm over her beautiful wife
i had the idea that smolensk was way way to powerful until i got one myself .
and yes under the right conditions smolensk can be deadly no no .
it can be op but if you play it in randoms not so much .
ca n't even begin to count the numbers where i was getting ready to rain hell above the enemy fleet and my shimakaze that was supposed to spot smokes up and starts farming '' .
or the times where i find myself holding a flank by myself because the bbs on that side decided it would be more productive if they went to the other side of the map .
smolensk is easy to play fun to engage glass canon but it needs decent enough team mates to perform well and flip a game .
how does it feel that you have just publicly admitted that you 're poor ?
i am going for the actual ability to be able to use the new vocabs during conversations and maybe even the deep understanding of each vocab .
you 're still legally considered a student until the next school year starts in september so yes .
here https www.dotconferences.com/conference/dotswift-2019 are videos from last year 's talks if you want to check them out .
she did n't have an issue if everyone had put in 10,000 but he did to look like a team player instead of the minimal amount .
reach for the stars colors as a whole and sonic x when i was younger
i have not played for crazy long but i think i first saw this bug right after warwick 's rework ?
so i think it 's older than invisible nunu .
so your base etc remains as is on the server you 're leaving ?
i 'm a cis gay man but i always play my bard with the most chaotic of pansexual energy .
or at least my approximation of it plus whore .
i would even prefer the wraithlord over the war walker .
i did actually try to imitate one of the official art pieces.. im glad you like it !
it was the spoiled women virtue signaling awards practically jesus .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diojpqwepp9 if you have any questions or concerns .
trust me nike is better off when they do generic stuff cause when they get bold ... .my god ... .
i think i get and agree with your point although i 'm not quite sure as to how far i can really speak for this .
a lot of people also drag white people into it saying it does n't happen but honestly ... white people do the same thing the difference is that their culture was n't taken from them in such a cruel way .
personally my grandma from one side was cree my grandpa from the other side was turkish .
even though i 'm very interested in native american and turkish cultures i realise i can not identify as either of those .
i 'm not cree i 've never been to north america and never grew up with much of the culture just stories about her family and such .
when people ask me what '' i am because to many i do n't look particularly european but they also can not pinpoint what does i just tell them i 'm european country .
if they press on it i might tell them of my mixed background but i usually leave it just at that or tell them i 'm more of a mutt .
shrug it 's none of their business since i was born and raised here and have experienced as much of those other cultures as the native europeans from this country .
about the only time i ever give a slight explanation is when people ask about my name since my mother named me after a native american tribe and i 'm about the only one with this name in the entire country so it stands out .
but then again i was not stripped of my culture .
i do feel the slight need of a connection to my background but i can not imagine what a black american might feel not even knowing specifically where from africa they originate '' especially when their own country treats them the way they are and have been .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
i think it was a great intro for him .
his first act was heinous seemingly equal in villainy to vader the most obvious direct comparison at the time .
so that was the starting point to peel back the layers of his character which makes it all the more interesting when we start to see his struggle .
you 'd think team america would 've taught them this lesson but nope .
i 'll be the second cup ... .the one you think you do n't need but you definitely do
very right-wing throughout the parish the city itself is somewhat less so .
if you have an in '' with someone or a company here you can do well .
idk why you 're getting downvoted i can see two hands floating with the gun
high waisted pants are a real pain in the ass to construct in my experience .
i do n't know about this particular school but from what i 've gathered lots of schools like seeing some real crazy shit in their applications so keep that in mind go nuts .
nta why can i as a white austrian name my child something like flynn which is n't an austrian name but irish which is a different culture but you ca n't name your kid a name from another culture just because people of that country often have another skin colour ?
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
just had a look through daad looks like there a few really interesting short courses in english !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diojpqwepp9 if you have any questions or concerns .
although with how weird some of the novels get with the halo lore that would n't surprise me .
i have been robbed at gunpoint by two kids .
i was pretty paranoid for quite some time afterwards .
the worst part in my opinion was all the people telling me if i was carrying a gun i would have been fine .
the kid could have pulled the trigger faster than i could pull it out .
and my 60 or whatever was n't worth a couple of kids lives .
also getting over killing someone sounds much more difficult that getting over being robbed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diojpqwepp9 if you have any questions or concerns .
i think it 'd be awesome if they gave everyone a battle royale '' skin .
it could be just different clothes on a default skin kinda like the world cup skin but you could get different colors for wins and then unlock helmets/backblings/pickaxes for getting a certain number of kills or catching fish .
i just think back to all the old mw2 challenges and feel like they could do something like that were the challenges get progressively harder and you 'd be able to show it off in game by your skin .
i do wish they 'd give everyone who made world cup a special skin i think that 'd be sweet i did n't but still think it 'd be cool
i know it 's science i want to know the actual science .
there 's weird issues that do n't make sense .
ph would rely more on which nutrients were being left behind the most .
that 's if plants can truly regulate input like that .
it seems like they ca n't very well as we see toxicity and deficiency .
i do n't think it 's quite that simple .
i 'm curious if anybody has done any real research or it it 's all based on speculation .
i 'll do some research and see what i can find .
honestly i think sports scramble is the closes thing to decent .
if you could grab the bat with both hands it 'd be almost perfect but as it stands it 's pretty good .
it 's not a conscious decision neither can it be something that someone merely shuts off
the colloquialism used for people that use mod menus in gtav online is 'modders ' .
i did n't make it up that 's the term people use .
there 's literally another reply in this thread using the term also .
for you to be on a gtav pc sub and not know what was meant when using the term 'modders ' in relation to the official online multiplayer shows you are either new or just being obtuse .
t h i c c a s s b o i
did you have any background in adobe before you started this class ?
i have no clue how adobe or any of those softwares work .
no worries it 's on my clipboard i 've been commenting so much lol
not a deck of cards but the knucklebone of fickle fortune https www.d20pfsrd.com/magic-items/artifacts/minor-artifacts/knucklebone-of-fickle-fortune is similar .
the biggest derailment it could do is 150 points of damage or a couple of debuffs .
now climate change deniers will start literally saying well let 's just finish this one off then migrate to earth 2 '' .
you look like a normal 13 year old boy .
you 're not ugly but you 're 13 so i do n't find you attractive .
is that a mini fridge or a standard size fridge for scotland ?
this is unpopular mostly because of how ignorant it is .
all people not just african americans feel an affinity and connection to the place where ancestors generations before came from .
so to say this is unique to african americans somehow is pure stupidity .
african american ancestors were subjected to horrible conditions in slavery .
after slavery ended african americans were and currently still are to this day subjected to systemic racism bigotry violence etc .
all because of their skin color and african affiliation/ancestors .
this is why african americans have an exaggerated emphasis on their african roots and skin color and take pride in it .
get your head out of your ass and focus on folks who call africans monkeys and think the culture is less civilized then european/western civilization .
your time would be better spent dealing with those folks .
it 's pride for the city you or your dad grew up in being and seeing it be represented by the local team .
if everyone just picked and chose nobody would support any team outside the top 10 .
we all have the power to shape the course our lives will take avoidants only need to learn to believe in themselves .
my napa cabbage crop never grew well last year .
i will remember that u/civarc lent 40.00 to u/elnextbeaner !
https redditloans.com/api/loans.php ? format=3 id=60141 modify=1 modify_reason=refunded 20api set_deleted=1 set_deleted_reason=refunded 20api
if you wish to mark this loan repaid later you can use
this does not verify that u/civarc actually lent anything to u/elnextbeaner u/elnextbeaner should confirm here or nearby that the money was sent
if the loan transaction did not work out and needs to be refunded then the lender should reply to this comment with 'refunded ' and moderators will be automatically notified
what is it with you and asking people if they are male ?
man if you cant keep a g29 fairly straight idk what to tell you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diojpqwepp9 if you have any questions or concerns .
afaik passengers are given spare cabins that crew would sleep in but ar n't currently
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diojpqwepp9 if you have any questions or concerns .
dude i was looking for the same thing in pic of the message i sent from sync haha
but if you find it intrusive i 'm sorry and it 's k if you do n't answer .
the question is were you able to grow your hair back after transition ?
my hair has become thin and i 've been taking finasteride and it does n't seem to be working .
they started taking a card this year at the raleigh location
based on the midfield we have he is head and shoulders above the rest not just for his ability but his effort on the pitch .
if every player played like he did we would n't be in this mess .
his dedication to the club ca n't go unnoticed as he is prem worthy .
his goal scoring record also shows that even playing a cm role he still gets in the box and has the right mindset to play .
campbell is great just needs more game time to prove himself .
i find coffee to be absolutely disgusting so i def wo n't be praying to you
i think the drop rate of this banner is really high
that 's such a great idea with the timestamps .
it sounds like it should be obvious and it is n't at all .
splitting queues is n't really the problem here people will eventually grow fatigue of br and honestly i 'm one of them sometimes all i want is a few quick rounds of tdm or capture the flag where i can die and never care less since i 'll be respawned in 10 seconds .
and tripling the download size is n't really an issue for me and i 'm living in a 3rd world country .
so it definitely should n't be a problem for almost everyone .
oh yh and if you do make this team i suggested it under the assumption you play 4231
yes he was but it 's also not exactly 'hard ' to tell a bairn to shove a pen up their arse .
i 've read about 11 or 12 of his books but was given a bunch of them and then decided to collect them .
i bought the ones i want to collect new and made a mistake doing that because i have really bad ocd/anxiety and depression and my ocd makes me want them to stay in perfect shape .
those things have messed with my attention span so even though i 've read 112 books since january 2018 many have been library books because i do n't feel my attention span is up to snuff to get the most out of stephen king 's books .
the boys are all dancing around in the basement of parliament house smoking kippers and barnaby is lighting his farts again .
i wish i knew so i could replicate it for all my memes .
ho sempre fatto le vacanze in basilicata e mi sono sempre trovato molto bene al netto di carenze di servizi dovuti ad una situazione economica relativamente in difficoltà .
sono cresciuto al nord e volendo avrei tonnellate di aneddoti negativi .
sono stato all'estero per periodi più o meno estesi ed ho avuto sia esperienze positive che negative oltre che tanti problemi simili '' nonostante ci fossero kilometri di distanza fra gli epicentri .
quasi come se la personalità delle persone esistesse su uno spettro ed i problemi delle varie zone variassero per motivi più complessi di x people bad '' ...
didt know abour reblath yet i m going to velia right lol
the guy was smiling the whole time as he pushed him off lol
i have that problem since the first month of playing the game where no pokemon/egg/gift would show location .
i can see my pokemon location on the trade screen on other persons phone but not mine .
i was able to fix it last month after 4 months of no location tag play .
in my case my adblocker was blocking this host geomobileservices-pa.googleapis.com .
you can log all outgoing requests and see if your dns/vpn/adblocker/pihole is blocking this and whitelist it .
that 's a delicately beautiful pussy erotic art at its ... sweetest !
the guy even as a book about norse mythology and viking age that has very good reviews .
i 'm asking cause i 've been using it every once in a while when i forgot something and do n't have access to my books
andrzej is ok with whatever people decide to do in their version of the world .
it means he does n't believe in interfering with another creator 's interpretation .
please do not write a self post without text .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/football if you have any questions or concerns .
would expected from a guy who promotes fake bitcoins as the real one .
my cousin 's husband won a bmw a few years ago .
for like the first 2 or so weeks it did but then it turned into a spam fest with next to no sd being pulled because people are lazy
i mean i know you 're joking but it can actually work that way https www.eotechinc.com/tactical-lights-lasers/atpial-anpeq-15-restricted-advanced-target-pointerilluminatoraiming-laser .
maybe i really did choose to be here ... ''
who or what else could have chosen for you ?
the only furrys in a picture with a crusader should be dead one the fuck is he doing
how would you explain this build to someone who has just started playing the game i know what a beserk/clutch combo is but do you mind if we attempt to break it down for a complete novice .
to be honest i was hoping we would have some jump in to ask why this or that '' with persons like yourself who undoubtedly have a greater knowledge of pvp structure than i .
obviously i have no clue what 's going on in tyler 's head or what he knew when he took the pictures down but i wonder if it was n't the final 2 comment that bothered him if he 's bothered at all but the comment that she only asked out tyler because he was the one to reach out to her once filming wrapped .
in a way it kinda cheapens their post-show relationship because it comes off as if she would 've rather asked out peter if it had come down to it .
this means tyler has to deal with the humiliation of being second choice to both jed and peter .
again just speculating but if i were in his spot i would be upset about that more than anything
i would n't read too far into it those lines just sounds like the shit someone would say if they 've encountered something like the elder .
and i 've been following this story as it happened over the last years .
we still use reichs '' or rigs '' in danish when we want to specify that we are talking about denmark including the faroese and greenland .
i 'm down almost anytime i need someone to help me get shit done too i know how to make single player severs too if you do n't
hit him whenever he tries to go for a cs it 's 2 free hits on him .
as viper max and manually cast your q instead of auto-cast and right click .
as storm spirit walk up and use q on the creep wave when the enemy is going for a last hit .
it 's a guaranteed large chunk of hp and you can freely cs right afterwards .
could be possible i cut contact to my mother i would n't know xd
pros great food good entertainment albeit a muted nightlife lots of outdoor activities mild weather compared to rest of canada we do n't know what to do when it snows alot of tech job opportunities living by the ocean improves quality of life somehow alot of russian immigrants so it will be easy for you to find some semblance of a russian community if you want .
cons expensive be ready to pay 800 rent for a spare room in someone 's house with shared bathroom/kitchen .
flights out of yvr to anywhere including other canadian cities cost a liver .
commuting during rush hour makes one want to commit suicide although i 'm sure those other cities have it worse .
so it 's always been like this and we still fighting over it .
bringing a sign to your downtown square is n't fighting '' it .
talking trash about a president is n't fighting '' it .
not one politician gets to a position of any significant power without selling their soul to the corporations .
the sooner you realize they 're all more similar than different to each other and more different than similar to you the sooner you will realize how ridiculous people are who get so hateful over politics .
as a guy this hurt to watch but i could n't look away .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
being 15 years old and having only a part time job my shift is already over so ya
i always get passed within the last six hours even when i 've been around 3000 points in front
i understand that they 're showcasing the patch notes but when you see the title patch notes 10.1 '' you expect to see the patch notes themselves not some proxy notes regardless of who is showcasing them .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
i spent 3 hours and i am still one win short from getting the objectives done .
one small note die brezel y las paellas '' have a previous rlrs player on the team samuel zamue was on espanyol last season .
served them at work the other week right before christmas my sister is friends with their friends just said they were kinda basic and a bit boring kinda always knew they 'd go down the influencer route .
tbf she has n't spoken to or seen them in a couple years .
sao is not bad not the best but come on is just an anime light novel .
it 's like you can make a bong and have it last only as long as you need it .
do n't have to worry about dropping it or breaking it .
like even if they did n't have one for some strange unknown reason a pizza would still be fine in the morning to heat up properly anyway
make sure not to break my laptop for a start .
if you like a song of ice and fire but more complete try
while less ambitious than asofaf in scope and political intrigue it has everything that makes asoiaf great .
a gritty reality compelling morale grey characters subversion low magic etc .
if you enjoyed it there 's three more standalone books in the world of the first law an anthology and a sequel trilogy called the age of madness being published yearly at this moment .
you may want to avoid this if you do n't enjoy grim-dark fantasy .
you may want to read this series if you wished a song of ice and fire was more like traditional fantasy .
these books inspired grrm to take fantasy a bit more seriously in first place .
it 's no wonder why s these book challenged the stereotypes and cliches of the genre at the time .
with a bit more maturity and nuance than was seen at it 's time of publication .
you can see some influences that grrm wove into his own work from these books .
one of the first line of written dialogue in the series is all men must die . ''
it 's about a boy named simon mooncalf who gets entangled in a plot where the world must be saved by collecting three titular magic swords .
if you enjoy these books then there 's a sequel trilogy being written at this time called the last king of osten ard .
if there was a big problem with these books the pacing can falter several times throughout the work .
especially in the beginning and in the third book .
then again i feel the inheritance cycle has the same problem through out all the books .
the books of earthsea/earthsea cycle/there is no agreed upon tittle for the complete work by ursula k. le guin
if you want to know where the inspiration for paolini magic system comes from then i wholly recommend the earthsea books .
these books pretty much codify the entire true name magic system .
these books focus on the exploits of ged a legendary wizard and his journey into becoming that legend in the realm of earthsea .
a world set in a vast archipelago as the only land masses .
these books are thoughtful themes and ideas that are unique .
such as idea of power and responsibility and also the taoist notion of balance .
even the first book a wizard of earthsea does n't have an antagonist .
it 's more the story of ged overcoming a mistake that he has made .
i ca n't help but wonder if this partially inspired some of paolini 's ideas on religion in his own books .
in a world where everyone 's souls takes the psychical form of an animal known as daemons .
the story focuses on lyra and her deamon pan where they get entrenched in the politics religion and a prophecy where she 'll decide the fate of the very world .
if you enjoy this work pullman is working on a sequel trilogy called the book of dust currently being published .
it has been adapted into a live-action show by bbc with two season confirmed .
it would be a perfect time to binge watch it .
percy jackson and the olympians the heroes of olympus the kane chronicles magnus chase and the gods of asgard and the trials of apollo by rick riordan
the best selling fiction of all time that follows a boy named harry potter as he goes to a magical boarding school of hogwarts and faces of against the dark lord voldemort .
i do n't think this series really need an introduction considering how popular this series really is .
it never hurts to recommend it and i do think it does a lot of things better than the inheritance cycle .
the hobbit and the lord of the rings by jrr tolkien
the books that popularized everything we associate with the fantasy genre today .
the inheritance cycle owes a lot to these books and author .
the story follows bilbo baggins a hobbit on a quest to destroy the one ring of power before the dark lord sauron dominates all life on middle-earth .
again this series probably need no introduction but it never hurts to recommend it .
they can be a bit dry and slow at times but no less is true of the inheritance cycle .
comprising of fourteen huge door-stoppers the story revolves around a prophecy of a last battle between the forces of light and darkness .
where a reincarnated champion of the light called the dragon will face off against the dark one in one final apocalyptic battle for the universe .
in this universe magic user are called aes sedai that can channel the fundamental energies that turn the universe called the one power .
before the events of the wheel of time a previous dragon imprisons the dark one and thirteen of most powerful followers called the forsaken .
before that happens the dark one taints the male half of the one power .
driving all male aes sedai insane and eventually die .
entire millennium passes the prison around the dark one is weakening the dragon has been reborn in a new age .
all the signs and prophecies point the final battle approaching .
male half of the magic still makes them go crazy .
everyone is looking for dragon reborn and how in order to save the world he might have to destroy it .
this is the first series that i felt it was larger than life as these books do have a much larger scope than life .
it does have some severe pacing issues in some of the later books .
the first book is a bit too much of being a fellowship of the ring ripoff .
some more issues that i do n't have time to get into .
sadly the author robert jordan passed before completing the entire series .
however the ending was handed off to brandon sanderson who finished it .
it 's also worth noting that this series is being adapted in a show for amazon prime that probably aims to air sometime later this year .
there 's a lot of hype for that by fans .
the wheel of time is very definition of a flawed series but it 's also a lot of fun if you enjoy fantasy series .
speaking of brandon sanderson try reading any work of his cosmere series .
it also does n't hurt that he turns out content pretty regularly
set in alternative history in the era of the napoleonic war where nations use dragon riders for battle .
the story revolves around the dragon temeraire and his rider captain william laurence .
as they battle napolean 's forces from conquering europe .
their adventures will span the entire globe and get entangled in human and dragon politics .
a pretty entertaining romp and i have not much more to say other than that .
probably another book that inspired paolini 's inheritance cycle .
at least in regards to dragon riders in general and how they communicate .
set in a future where humans have colonized another planet that is threaten by an alien spore called thread .
that rains down from the sky and destroys all life .
to combat this the denizens of pern genetically modify fire breathing lizards on the planet into dragons to combat this threat .
after many years society has relapsed back to something that resembles the middle-age .
once again thread threatens the planet and the dragon riders must rise up again to face it .
this series has more books beyond the first three that i ca n't vouch for their quality .
i recommend stopping after the first trilogy unless your really enamored with pern and anne mccaffrey 's writing .
when i lost my hair from chemo i started either wearing a scarf or wig .
so anyway last thanksgiving my daddy made the comment that he liked the wig i was wearing .
my baby sister actually said ... well now you get attention .
not only did she not get away with it '' there 's every possibility she was coerced into admitting guilt .
they wont care soleimani personally fought against the taliban and supported afghan shias against them .
its from an article written by a female expert '' in bpd i linked it in another comment below .
your description is sadly pretty much the line of argumentation that american foreign policy follows in this respect as well evident by your citations .
that alone renders the question highly relevant even if it were insincere .
but as the other commentators have already pointed out war crimes are a problem only if you lose the war .
oh my god so want to come live with you both .
i 'm just reposting so that more can join in .
it was an imgur user who actually did the work .
maybe you 're looking through a window and not a mirror ?
for tradings pokemon exchanges raid battles online with other people or whatever you need in a chat visit our discord
or go to the trading thread on this sub trading masterpost https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonswordandshield/comments/dwvf0f/trading_and_exchange_pokemon_sword_shield_versions
megapost with all the guides tricks tips and secrets .
map with all raids in the wild area https www.reddit.com/r/pokemonswordandshield/comments/dydc3y/here_is_a_map_of_the_wild_area_with_all_raid_den
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemonswordandshield if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean it 's right there all the time online .
save for a few shoddy cases which i would understand .
but it sounds much more prevalent than a few cases like that
star trek beyond and interstellar itunes 4k 9 still available ?
i 'd prefer a code veronica remake for sure .
honestly though i wish they would just make a new classic resident evil game but that probably wo n't happen so i guess vigil is the only thing that will be close .
do you know when they tend to release those seats ?
i mean i do n't think it makes you a bad person but yeah it 's kind of inappropriate .
that 's perfect and my cousin got in with a 28 act and lesser gpa so you should be fine
unpaid rentals unfinished construction is probably bleeding them dry at this point .
now lets be clear no brigadier general ever writes anything .
it was some major or captain that wrote the memo .
i find that bizarre but i guess the technology and what you can do with it is lost on some people .
i 've moved on from psvr to oculus quest though .
i 've returned to google earth vr over and over .
when you can literally go anywhere in the world it does n't exactly have low replay value .
i just returned to my middle school in denver last night to find it has been replaced with a completely new building as well as seeing how a nearby favorite mall had been replaced with a new shopping center .
from there i flew to la and onwards to tokyo ending up at the top of mt fuji taking in the breathtaking views .
i do n't treat it like a map but rather i take the superman approach in flying from place to place and discovering .
i would think anyone that enjoys exploring open world games would be in love with google earth vr .
is this the only doctor that can do the surgery ?
otherwise no you can not buy insurance outside of open enrollment nor can you cancel it whenever you want .
that is the point of the open enrollment period otherwise everyone would only buy it when they need it and drop it when they do n't .
either appeal if it 's relevant pay for it out of pocket use your out of network coverage find another doctor or wait until next year and select a plan that he is in network for .
coach bag armani exchange tote and a dopp kit made by military spouses 11 .
i 'm starting to think he did n't really have to try that hard to channel the joker
star killer was a bad idea it came from nowhere it sucks
i 'm surprised they have n't yet since they were so popular in the 90s and everything from the 90s is coming back
and with more eras they wo n't run out of content for several years at the rate they 're going at .
this is a repost from a seriously long time ago ... .
i think literally everyone in the ufc would fight conor over a title shot if they could
ok.. so what do you do if you 're ordered to subvert the democratic system ?
edit i 'd like to note here that the person i responded to added the last line resigning is the only way to morally disobey orders in such a system '' after i wrote my comment .
russia is sleeping with a teacher america is having a spat with china the middle east as a whole got sent to indefinite lunch detention india and pakistan are having issues because russia is lowkey sleepin with india on the side britain is facing expulsion and has an in school suspension greece is in the lunch line being told that it cant have any more lunches till it settles the prior debt poland is chilling at the social workers office germany is stuffing random countries into lockers and new zealand and canada are running for student council
i looooooooove alex/kate and am happy that he won .
i think he played a great game and was really likable .
freddie annoyed the shit out of me most of the time but i grew to like him by the end .
alex and freddie are pretty good friends now it seems .
there is a bunch of funny videos of both of them on alex 's instagram .
allow me to tell you you are officially apart of the dead memes society
yes i made sure the people who watch it had seen it first .
now you can rko whoever you want even harder ! ''
gon na have to agree with your friend on casting it out .
when you let an entity get close to you it 's like you 're accepting it into your daily routine .
eventually it 'll continue to get worse and worse trust me .
growing up entity followed me from house to house literally did n't matter who 's house i was at i always felt like i was being watched .
this went on for years and then it started to get physical moving things around knocking stuff off shelves and eventually nearly pulling me from my bed .
so instead trying to figure out who or what it is get rid of it before things get bad .
if you actually read thru the thread you would see towards the bottom it says it is safe .
i 'm typing this for other people like me who stumbled onto this post .
i did a quick google for tom hanks rumours '' could n't find anything solid and one of the results was about qanon also looked on the person ur replying to 's profile and they 're active on a lot of conspiracy subs talking about greys aliens and reptilian people
so probably nothing to worry about unless someone posts something real looking
damn i was finna go trip balls killin bibbas in da military
haha..i used to think same way until they built the orange park trulieve and i got minis at 5 pm today and they fully stocked..
i did n't do that but i guess i did something even worse .
taxes are progressive and we do not fall into the 25 tax bracket .
so i do n't know what to tell you other than the company withholds 25 of the bonus check .
it obviously all works out during tax season but i know my personal taxes front and back the company does not take into account our exemptions .
if they did i would have to adjust how we pay taxes throughout the year .
edit a quick google comes back with bonuses are supplemental income and are taxed at 22 guess hubby 's employer does 25 .
edit 2 downvote all you want bonuses are considered supplemental income and are required to be taxed at 22 .
theres like 10 people in star wars who know that anakin was vader though
i think it has been too warm recently for the ground to be cold enough for snow to stick around in the lowlands .
or at least that is what i am hoping based on a couple of decades here .
although if they do have the weaker console as speculated .
current rumours have them with very few launch titles the weaker system .
leaks are always putting them at a price parity .
i think sony are genuinely feeling the heat for once .
i look around this room and see nothing but potential
true you have norman rockwell and hollywood to thank for that .
it 's no different from social realism in the ussr .
obviously it 's not a miracle cure that would entail no side effects but it is these side effects that mostly give it a bad rap .
and here i was thinking woah and i thought i felt comfortable about being ace does it get like that for people ?
if it 's any help i just started a diet and i 'm having water instead of my normal wine with bach nights !
is married at first sight like a speed run of 90 day fiance ?
yes english is definitely my second language because i am russian .
you hit the nail right on the head with that slam .
i 'm hurt so badly by the mean things you 're saying .
you 're entire reply was just to be mean to me .
i do n't know how i 'm going to go another day .
take a pause have you talked to your family about how you 're being stalked .
i dont mean to sound rude but i think you may be a little paranoid
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our current karma threshold of 5k link karma and positive comment karma .
in the meantime feel free to post your oc memes to r/specialsnowflake for a chance at getting whitelisted here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
off-topic but someone hit my car and it was a minor scratch so i let him go free because he was an organ donor .
they 've always been shit since the beginning of the sport and fans like you have been crying about it for just as long .
when im shyvana i will still show myself to a lebanc .
today my ex”-girlfriend with bpd finally gave me the closure i needed
it was a short volatile eventful disparaging relationship in the wake of her last long term
after being into her for a year i was let into her life and quickly and succinctly warned of her disease
an interesting year or the 8 months in between with her final year at uni and moving from the country to a major city and it was fine small dips of anguish and depression until recently
i do n't love you anymore there was no place for me in her life at the close of her study .
abandoned alone and despondent i took absolute blame in myself and i am still not coping very well but today i saw her and had my worst fears realised
she has rapidly moved on to someone i know and i am no longer a part of her life despite her living and working with some of my closest friends
from what i have read here it may be like the ultimate result being free of a pwbpd but it certainly does n't feel that way yet
up until recently it had n't really reared its head at all but when we broke up i came over drunk and so was she and she screamed i bet you want to hit me it was scary stuff
i know that i am ultimately better off without her the smart part of me knows that but i 'm going to hold onto wanting to look after her for a long long time .
thanks for reading i guess idk i needed to dump this exposition somewhere
i keep getting in games that are lost and no one wants to keep playing but one person at the 15 minute mark and the vote losses by one .
then people vote again at 17 as if that one stubborn person is going to change their mind .
i 've been in so many games where people do this and it makes me so mad .
just wait 3 minutes because 20 minute surrenders only need 4 votes to go through throwing the option away at 17 only makes everyone have to wait 3 more minutes in a miserably lost game .
i got really lucky yestderday and got 7 different 970 drops from all the other pinnacle activities .
all i needed was a heavy from the ledgend sundail ...
so like a dumbass i jumped in and completed it without having the mars obelisk linear fusion linked .
i pondered for a moment and decided to not pick anything up from the rewards thinking there might be a snowballs chance in hell that i could relink mars run it again and pick up my 970 heavy ... .. and it actually worked .
marxists have been so successful not only because they embrace the state but also because the state itself is a unifying structure which helps agitate a single party line to the masses .
in unifying the people or trying to under a single articulated party line the survival of socialist agitation in the generations after the revolution can at least be partially secured .
the problem with left-lib praxis is in trying to make their pursuit of communism liberal—i.e. inclusive to the plurality that exists in the socialist wings of society—they allow the eventual unraveling of socialist organization due to the fractured tendencies in the workplaces in the towns and in the workers ' councils themselves in the very society they are attempting to create .
hey we have an active community of 5 members we want to have at least 10 more if you are interested add me on discord .
basically when i was 15 i had to get a new passport and this was the first one i had to sign .
i did n't already have a signature so naturally i wanted to come up with something that looked decent .
however my mum got impatient with me taking forever and i 've ended up with literally the worst signature .
when i passed my test they took the information from my passport .
since then i 've created a new signature that i actually like .
now that my passport has expired i 'm getting a new one as i plan to go on holiday this year but will signing my new passport with my new signature which is drastically different from the one on my drivers license cause me any issues further down the line ?
my boyfriend proposed the idea of buying a tiny house/trailer/rv while we 're still in school and making payments on that instead of paying rent on a house and then selling the house when we 're ready and use that as a down payment to a home .
we 're both really unfamiliar with how that would work out realistically since my parents have rented their entire lives and his were n't exactly in the picture/we did n't have adults to give us guidance on how that all works .
he has work experience in various parts of building houses and i guess we do have the option/ability to build our own if its cheaper but we 'd still have to pay rent somewhere else while its being built .
does any of this make sense for the long run or are we better off renting and saving money in the meantime or doing something else entirely ?
edit is a home loan/mortgage for a tiny home even possible or would it have to be a personal loan ?
so i was for about a year trying to get into heroin but never got into it i heard that you can get addicted in one setting as 1/4 of users do and that its easy to get psycholgically addicted .
im scared of needles overdose fentanyl and losing all my money so no thanks .
then i looked into meth and my friend was telling about how someone he knows that used meth would stay up for many days.and that its addictive after one try i found out no thankls !
sativa is pretty euphoric for me atleast medical grade but i hate the feeling of being high since i got high on so much vaped weed where i was buzzed out of my head having visions and shit .
molly seems perfect for a joyous high but you can only use it once a month or ervery 2 weeks right ?
ive used stuff like peyote but it doesnt produce a strong high atleast not one button like i foolishly bought 2wice when you can get many buttons for around the same price and it doesnt last long and its hard to get since its so rare .
a lot of people say that extinction rebellion goes too far stopping commuters traffic and other civil disobedience .
therefore for this reason they believe that extinction rebellion take things too far .
however while some aspects are seen as disruptive or too much '' i do n't think this is true .
i believe that whatever must be done for the climate must be done .
i do n't think people in the future are going to look back on extinction rebellion and think badly of them .
extinction rebellion will be seen as one of the groups that tried to bring justice .
my macbook screen needs to replaced i was wondering if anyone had experience w trigo-tronics or if you had any suggestions for screen replacement for macbook that 's not apple bc i cant pay 500 rn ?
today i 've played at least 20 random squad games .
only 3 of them had a mic and communicated .
i 'm so tired of random drops no strategy no communication .
nobody gives spare hp/shields nobody gives ammo when u ask .
please either they start queuing people with the same skill rank or at least do the matchmakings based on microphone preferences .
so i was browsing through the songs that can be found in the game directory and i looked at the properties of one of the songs and i found a comment in the comments of the mp3 !
so i looked through all the other files and came up with this list for you guys to enjoy .
not all of them had 'easter eggs ' but still a fair few .
how to find for yourself this pc/windows c program files/steam/steamapps/common/subnautica/ost
all the songs that the easter egg came from is underneath
violet beau copy paste this one into notepad to see fully !
also i 'm not sure what this tune is ...
seamoth copy paste this one into notepad to see fully !
nord rack 3 is the best synth much of the sn soundtrack was made using it also the earlier tracks were made mostly with virus c 2 best synths in the world
adp '' ' d88b i . adp '' '' ' d8i '
into the unknown copy paste this one into notepad to see fully !
i believe u/sy1k1 https www.reddit.com/u/sy1k1 is a person from twitter but i can not find them
http freesound.org/people/miastodzwiekow/sounds/194584 http freesound.org/people/miastodzwiekow/sounds/194584 creative commons licence to the original hang drum recording
ghost tree copy paste this one into notepad to see fully !
dont listen to ppl who say to not fear the reaper .
some one had a little trouble parking their space boat
safe shallows is your safe space everywhere else is the real world
i watched xfiles on 1 monitor while making spooky music like this on the other
y even go to this biome stay in your base
arc lights copy paste this one into notepad to see fully !
for the longest time i knew one of my newest friends had really bad anxiety and major panic attacks .
until recently they did n't come to me for help as we were n't very close since we only met a few months ago .
but earlier my friend decided to come to me for help and i managed to calm them down and keep them distracted .
when we found their usual emotional support buddy they told me that i did a very good job and gave me tips on how to calm them down better in case it ever happens again .
i feel bad for my friend and i wish they did n't have to suffer but i 'm honoured they came to me and very proud that i apparently did a good job in helping them calm down .
i 've been having trouble connecting to my friends chalice dungeon to coop .
i have cleared most of my chalice dungeon and wanted to help my
however when i try to join his server it 'll timeout most of the time .
our network settings are set to worldwide '' name '' password '' .
however my level is over a hundred levels higher than my friend 's .
could that be the cause for the matching difficulty ?
oh i 've also tried local '' setting as well .
so i recently bought the vive wireless adapter and for the most part it had been a blessing but now that i 've used it more i 'm noticing the adapter is causing my games to drop fps it will make the game look very pixelated on the headset and sometimes it will flicker along with the fps drops .
i 'm not sure what could be causing this since the receiver that came with it is directly on top of my monitor and always shows full signal strength
i believe if mecha godzilla is in the film he will most likely be shown as a human mech that can help defend cities from titan attacks .
they store ghidorah brain in it yadayadayada mechagodzilla goes bad .
but i believe he will most likely be immediately destroyed by both kong and godzilla or just godzilla .
it does n't seem like he will play that big of a role in the movie .
but if you do n't like that think about this .
the new muto in kotm is definitely a muto prime in molding .
it bowed to godzilla because it knows it would lose and godzilla aftershock proved that they are intelligent so it bowed so it could one day grow into a jinshin mushi .
allowing the muto and the godzilla aftershock to stay in canon .
they are building a universe and setting up the world .
you may want marvel solo movie level stuff but it 's godzilla .
you ca n't makeret or make them the same .
they knew they could n't get godzilla movies to become crazy marvel successes but they wanted to make them and that 's why they still have plans to .
they are smart using comics and side lore to help fill in gaps and tell an even greater story .
godzilla fights the shinomura establishing godzilla hunts other monsters .
guys in the comic it says dinosaur times but there are boats of like people in the water so we all thought it was a plot hole but kotm explained it .
its godzilla and the mutos pretty cool and crazy but not too unrealistic .
then you have kong skull island you have a species of ape god who were killed on a magical weird storm island .
third godzilla aftershock is an awesome way of making the mutos not a throwaway enemy .
and it sets up the bigger plot elements for kotm .
finally you have king of the monsters which some people say had gone too far in the realism aspect .
i think it is a realistic approach to setting up this universe .
ghidorah unleashed all of the titans upon the world .
he let all the monsters out to play in the monsterverse .
this easily sets the universe up for a future of crazier and cooler godzilla films .
there 's not many places you can go for modern hollywood to make money so this makes sense for them to do .
it makes sense that in a world overrun with monsters in order for it to not become apocalyptic humans would need to thrive .
it allows the audience to see things like mechagodzilla and methuselah and all those crazy things in the future .
i think it sets up the world for future solo movies seeing new titans .
i would n't be surprised with seeing mechagodzilla again in the future as mechagodzilla v2 that 's always happening in old toho films .
you 're getting awesome kaiju action in modern hollywood effects .
so i played insurgency a long time ago for like 80 hours .
i enjoyed it but i fell out of gaming .
now i have insurgency sandstorm in my library and i played it for 3 hours .
i feel very lost and kinda just shooting enemies when ever i see them .
so can i get like quick run down of the basic game modes and what should i do in them ?
also what are the more noob friendly modes and tactics ?
how did sigma not hear his own voice as being different than what he remembered sounding like ?
all the other characters sound perfectly normal to him .
even if we accept that he never saw a reflective surface that revealed his eye or grey hair how did he never physically feel any different more fatigued etcetera ?
i 'm struggling to imagine how he could be 22 in a 67-year-old 's body and not notice any physical differences .
it was a video where he was looking at some weird japanese manga panels and laughing at them .
i vaguely remember a girl appearing out of a doorknob in one of the panels .
if you can help that 's be great thanks !
det är 7 celsius här nere i skåne och har regnat i morse och de senaste dagarna .
jag bor ute på landet så här är mycket ängar .
tror ni jag kan hitta lite toppisar om jag tar mig ut och letar ?
ive been growing my hair out and its very long now my previous barber did n't have experience cutting long hair so i was looking for suggestions of places/stylists that have experience cutting/trimming long mens hair .
hey does anyone here create here their own draft classes like i do ?
i 'm working on a big project right now and i need 20 custom draft classes .
i already have 5 and another 3 possibly on the way soon hopefully and i 'm creating one myself right now .
i want them to have 60 players each above a 73 overall rating 2k does n't like 72 and lower players .
this way every draft pick has a shot at getting some play time and time to develop .
i found 8 jedl draft classes that were so damn fleshed out already having 60 players edited themselves in most cases leaving me very little editing to do on most of them .
i found 2 others called jomo '' as well that i have done no editing to yet but looked as if they were edited a very good amount maybe 30 players each that makes 11 draft classes in total so far 8 jedl 2 jomo 1 mine .
i do n't even care if their fully edited .
i will finish them i just want them to be like decently edited .
yunno no fucked up looking guys for the most part and stats that actually make sense and body types that make sense ... and attributes .
if anyone has anything they personally worked on or downloaded from another source then please let me know what to search for so i can find it and use it for myself .
again working on a huge project and i need 9 more years for my 20 year journey !
just over 3 months ago i tried a vegan diet for 3 weeks in hopes to clear my acne .
during these 3 weeks i went from 120 pounds to around 106 pounds a male at 5'9 so i was very skinny .
after a month of being vegan i then incorporated large amounts of high quality animal foods back into my diet .
it has now been 3 months since being vegan and i have gained all my weight back and am now 120 pounds again and continuing to gain weight .
around a month ago of eating high quality animals some vegetables and raw honey i have experienced some hair loss around my hairline and thinning of some areas on my scalp .
i still have a load of hair buts much flatter .
after around a month since the hair loss/thinning began lots of new regrowth is happening around my hairline we 're the hair was lost .
but i am still losing dead hairs but growing new ones .
would to know your thoughts on this and why i 'm growing new hairs but still shedding at the same time
i checked my career tab to look at my star wars achievements if that 's the correct name and they were n't being shown .
i do n't know if it 's a glitch or not .
if it 's not a glitch i 'm sad to see them go because i had a lot of them .
she wants to control every aspect of my life the way she wants .
although my dad is a little more sensible he 's still the same .
the problem is we have had so many good moments too.. and i just feel obligated to stay in this relationship cause my parents make me feel like i owe them something cause they raised me .
i act out at times when i really ca n't take it but then it ends up backfiring .
both of them want to live by the society .
they want to get me married to someone before i get independent .
that someone being of the same religion caste etc .
i get to finally decide if he 's the one for me after meeting him for an hour or two or so they say .
ms outlook is an american multinational technology company which is known for providing a number of web services .
ms outlook is an amazing help presented by ms outlook and is utilized by a large number of individuals all over the world .
its engaging features and services make it progressively popular among web clients .
utilizing ms outlook offers access to various outstanding features for example calendar plan for the day chat video chat contact organizations and so forth .
it continues adding new advancements and services to its already existing items to improve the performance .
ms outlook includes a number of services for example web access portable system administration broadband assistance email services and so forth .
these services can be easily accessed by utilizing any web program from any edge of the world .
ms outlook has effectively created a great client base by offering fast and secure email arrange .
ms outlook is largely favored for its free services however this does n't infer that ms outlook email customer is without blunder .
be that as it may there is no compelling reason to panic as ms outlook support number is always reachable and can be contacted anytime to ask for technical assistance.ms outlook https assistance.aol has turned out to be progressively secure after the presentation of ms outlook gold form ms outlook gold is such a program which offers music recordings films emails and so on. all at one place .
the best part is there is no compelling reason to update the software once in a while as there is an auto-update feature available with this software .
for any questions or issues with ms outlook or any of its services contacting our technical team is the best and reliable choice .
contact the ms outlook customer service team and get instant answers for all the technical issues with ms outlook.ms outlook https aol.aol phone number is open nonstop and we wo n't let you stand by to get the ideal answer for any specialized trouble you have .
the 24\*7 help is the explanation we can serve an enormous number of ms outlook clients inside exceptionally less measure of time .
every one of the experts have the required specialization in giving sufficient specialized arrangements identified with ms outlook.after some time we have effectively developed the trust and certainty among ms outlook clients and this is a direct result of the quality technical support administrations we offer .
reaching us is n't at all confounded as you simply need to dial the ms outlook support phone number .
additionally we have faith in offering moment arrangements in order to help the same number of ms outlook clients in a day as we can .
no ms outlook client needs to stress as long as they have our back as the technical support framework .
we ensure nothing turns out badly and works dedicatedly to guarantee the smooth working of ms outlook and its administrations.the specialized group is prepared to help the minute you reach us with respect to any ms outlook issue .
likewise there is no compelling reason to spend a penny as you can gain the help through our ms outlook toll-free number .
the need here is to serve our clients with the help of brilliant technical support administrations given by well-qualified specialists .
this lead to durable associations with our clients as we give ensured agreeable outcomes .
try not to stop for a second to get in touch with us when you experience any specialized or non-specialized glitch with ms outlook.we are an outsider help supplier who is consistently there to help you with every one of the issues you experience with the ms outlook email customer .
it is typical to confront specialized issues with any normal email customer .
be that as it may there is less need to get concerned when you can without much of a stretch get the help from ms outlook help number.every one of the specialists accessible at our site are confirmed well-prepared and have long periods of involvement in settling every one of the issues of ms outlook users .
the geeks can appropriately direct you about introducing the right form of ms outlook .
they can help you to fix all the email issues in a split second and viably .
the login mistakes can likewise be effectively fixed with the help of our specialists .
on the off chance that you are experiencing connection or system issues with ms outlook you can even now get in touch with us whenever .
they perform well for a long time and productive enough 123.hp.com/ojpro 3800 https 123.hpsetup.online/hp-officejet-3800-all-in-one-printer-series.html to give a large number of prints .
now and again the printer may come up barely any hitches like poor printing quality failing or printer get totally stopped .
here are not many fascinating hacks and proposals to deal with such hp printer faults .
normally working with printers is energizing yet when 123.hp.com/office jet pro 3800 https 123.hpsetup.online/hp-officejet-3800-all-in-one-printer-series.html they do n't work it can truly baffle the client amazingly .
so keep perusing to become more acquainted with about the explanations behind the reason for the printer breaking down alongside the investigating strategies .
if there should be an occurrence of any further help required while taking care of your hp printer you can reach us for moment specialized aids .
the purpose behind failing of printer could be finished or underutilization of the printer .
the inkjet printer clients frequently stumble into difficulty in the event that they do n't utilize the printers regularly .
this can prompt evaporated ink obstructs in the spouts .
here and there abuse of the printer can likewise prompt hardly any glitch .
at time abuse of the paper cuts hp office jet pro 3800 printer support number https 123.hpsetup.online/hp-officejet-3800-all-in-one-printer-series.html hair groups may cause most noticeably awful paper jam issues .
there could be part of purposes behind the printer not working condition .
so start checking whether there are any notice flags on the printers .
guarantee whether there are sufficient papers on the info plate .
check if the ink cartridges or the printer toner are not void .
likewise check if the printer is associated properly with the pc either through the usb link or by means of the remote system .
on the off chance that on the off chance that you are utilizing a wireless system hp office jet pro 3800 printer drivers https 123.hpsetup.online/hp-officejet-3800-all-in-one-printer-series.html associated printer and it does n't react have a go at interfacing the printer utilizing a wired association .
on occasion wi-fi printers are temperamental regarding their association because of different impedances and more reasons .
so in the event of any issues in interfacing printers remotely take a stab at detaching and unplugging the printers at that point turn then on inevitably .
presently take a stab at associating them once more .
once in a while the default printer would be some 'virtual ' printer .
so it is constantly critical to pick the proper printer and set it as a default printer .
on the off chance that in the event that the default printer is virtual printer at that point the record to be 123.hp.com/setup https 123.hpsetup.online/hp-officejet-3800-all-in-one-printer-series.html print will be simply spared by the printer and the archive wo n't be sent to the genuine printer for printing .
to check for default 123 hp com oj 3800 printer .
open the control panel and afterward explore to devices and printers choice .
right snap the proper printer and set it as the default printer .
in addition guarantee the printer 's status is set to ready .
microsoft enables you to utilize the printer troubleshooter that causes you in distinguishing printer issues .
you should simply to download and run the program .
snap the fix it fasten and adhere to the on-screen guidelines to fix your printer issues .
explore to the control panel and have a go at picking devices and printers choice .
at that point pick the printer symbol and right snap it .
hp likewise furnishes you with hp print and scan doctor device that help you in distinguishing the issues or investigate the enduring printer issues hp office jet pro 3800 printer helpline number 844-393-6353 .
recently i have gone through what can really only be described as a mental breakdown i have been diagnosed with severe depression and social anxiety and after speaking with a therapist it seems the best way forward is to cut out as much negativity as possible and my mom adds a lot of negativity to my life .
it 's always the same it is snide comments about the state of my home or how i 'm raising my kids or how my sahm 3 kids wife should be doing more to provide for her family .
saying she 'll do something and not do it or tell my kids that she 'll do something and let them down .
most recently she was on vacation for christmas and told us that she 'd pay for us to join her because we can not afford to pay for everyone right around christmas time .
everyone got excited we have n't been on a holiday for a few years .
a week before christmas and we had n't heard anything so we contacted her and she said it was all still going ahead .
cut to the 26th meant to leave on the 27th she tells us that she ca n't pay and asks us when we 'd be arriving .
we tell her we will not be coming as we can not afford the trip and she lost it .
blamed me told me how i was useless and it was wrong that could n't come to a family christmas and that i ruined christmas .
this was the straw that broke the camels back .
it has got to the point where i 'd be so upset that my children 10m 6f would ask me what 's wrong and i have been honest with them and now they do n't want to speak to their grandmom and i have received texts from my mom abusing me for turning her grandchildren against her .
on the other hand my wife and her family is incredibly supportive of everything .
we all live in the same town and my mother-in-law and father-in-law make the effort to see the children multiple times a week and even offer to babysit when we need to .
my own mother on the other hand rarely makes the effort to see the kids and barely knows them .
my youngest 1 wo n't show any affection and she gets angry at her yet this same child knows how to open my phone and facetime my mil .
so i 'm level 24 at the moment i 've done every main mission on the map only two side missions to go surely there 's more missions ?
if so it 's really annoying that i 've done everything that gives a large amount of xp .
it 'll take me full days to level on activity
5 p. 154 it is possible that honoring parents is an intellectual obligation on a gentile just like charity which is necessary for the establishment of a proper society and proper laws dinim .
however it is obvious that a gentile is forbidden to embarrass his parents since it is against logical human respect as we can see from the story of ham genesis 9:22 who disgraced his father noah .
23 the divine code by rabbi moshe weiner ask noah international 2018 p 63 .
uk experimental music site attn magazine is now accepting audio submissions for attn span – a new compilation of 10-second tracks with all proceeds going to climate change charity cool earth https www.coolearth.org .
the compilation will follow the format of previous attn works such as signalvoid https archive.org/details/signalvoidmp3 and brink https archive.org/details/brinklifethendeathmp3 forming a mass of audio designed to be played on shuffle .
there should be no silence at the beginning and end of your track
there are no restrictions on the style/genre of your submission
the title of the file should be artist name – track name i.e .
submissions should be sent as an email attachment to attnspan outlook.com mailto attnspan outlook.com
please spread the word to your friends and collaborators .
i think anyone could go to ftc and win the game regardless of how they played .
if you are good at spinning your specific game into something the jury respects you 'll win .
you could be a goat and say that was the plan the whole time though most goats try to say they made big moves which loses them the game .
who do you think has had the best final tribal performance ?
i just finished survivorau 2019 and ! i think pia had a great final tribal securing her a unanimous win .
about we are a group of friends who are seeking to run the raid content more beyond prog and farm .
this includes the latest current fight alexander ultimate and will ideally continue into 5.2 with the new eden raids once all 8 members are finished progression .
the group is not a prog group. we 're aiming for this group to be a side group that continues raiding and optimizing once prog is over as our main group s are only interested in farming .
seeking we 're looking for people that have the capacity to optimize while still having fun parses are n't worth playing with assholes .
we will be quickly reprogging tea together to start our optimization before 5.2 drops .
ideally we would prefer someone who has either cleared or seen enrage/perfect. we will only consider those with prog up to at least wormhole. the group will also reconvene after eden prog to either continue tea or optimize eden .
all current members have the ability/have before cleared savage week 1 or 2 .
this is not set in stone quite yet so if you would need times adjusted a bit please reach out .
if you believe you 'd fit into what the group is aiming for please reach out .
we 're looking at the last generations to experience snow days at school .
by probably 2050 no kid will wake up to the news saying school is cancelled because of too much snow .
i would like to share some news about the quadrant group buy .
all components had been ordered some of them arrived already .
during manufacturing the pcbs there was a small accident which caused a few day delay in the process but they will be remade this week hopefully .
however we are still within the 8 week time frame .
i 'll upload the source files of the acrylic layered case to github therefore you will be able to lasercut it before the keyboard arrives .
i will keep you updated about the progress in the future !
more information and discussion about the keyboard on the geekhack thread https geekhack.org/index.php ? topic=102193.0 !
i want mods for my 04 z71 extended cab .
is ebay and amazon good idea to find parts for the mod .
if not do y'all know some website or stores .
also i 'm trying to be quite cheap but not cheapstake .
i 've been finding costa rican postage stamps in my vagina .
hop up on the table after you 've removed your panties and get your legs in the stirrups .
not a very new question obviously but one that still fascinates me .
i want to hear what everybody has to say .
john had traditionally been my favorite beatle and i felt i had a lot in common with him even though or yikes because he 's kind of an asshole .
when i started signing myself and trying to write songs i definitely imitated john a lot .
but as i 'm maturing i really have a ton of respect for paul .
his sense of melody was amazing his chords were something else .
and anybody who 's tried to sing along to the beatles knows that paul 's parts are way harder to sing and not just because of the high harmonies .
anyway i feel like the two guys had totally different approaches to art .
john derided paul as was his wont as writing songs about nothing granny music often lumped him in with mick jagger blah blah blah .
i 'm wondering how you guys see it and what you have to say .
i still love them both i 'm not trying to promote some kind of pissing contest between their respective fanboys or anything .
i 'm doing a movie night sponsored by my high school gsa .
i need a movie with at least 1 lgbt character or lgbt themes but generally teen-friendly .
so i 'm playing through the original luigi 's mansion and i ca n't figure out how to suck up the butler guy in the heart key area .
i lit his candle but he just runs away leaving me no opportunity to catch him .
the harder you hit them the more english you get out of them .
i would like to share some news about the quadrant group buy .
all components had been ordered some of them arrived already .
during manufacturing the pcbs there was a small accident which caused a few day delay in the process but they will be remade this week hopefully .
however we are still within the 8 week time frame .
i 'll upload the source files of the acrylic layered case to github therefore you will be able to lasercut it before the keyboard arrives .
i will keep you updated about the progress in the future !
more information and discussion about the keyboard on the geekhack thread https geekhack.org/index.php ? topic=102193.0 !
i would like to do a celebrity roleplay.any female celebrity is cool my favorites are selena gomez ariana grande camila cabello billie eilish kiernan shipka alexandria ocasio-cortez tomi lahren kaitlyn bennet .
for the musical celebs i will be playing an up and coming musician .
for the political people i will be playing an average joe .
for the others we can figure something out together .
1 we meet at my album listening party in la .
we have a few mutual friends and you were invited there .
we start to get flirty and we leave to a different part of the house to get some alone time .
2 you are in town where i have a show and get backstage vip passes .
you 're a fan but you have no idea i 'm a big fan of yours .
we get to talking in the dressing room and then decide to head out .
we have a very flirtatious dinner and start to get a little touchy .
3 i am slated to be an extra on your tv show .
we start talking on set and flirt a bit .
we shoot our scenes and decide to go out and get dinner together .
if you have another scenario idea let me know !
any other details we can talk about when you message me .
i 'm new to this but am very excited to see what can come on this .
does anyone have any websites or youtube videos/channels that they have found helpful in learning social skills ?
i find videos of people explaining and acting it out the most helpful .
there is a body language expert called mark bowden who has a good ted talk and a bunch of interviews on youtube that i found helpful .
when i was young i wanted to be a poet .
line after line of my battered composition notebook was filled with dreadfully purple prose .
i thought that to be a poet one must find some beauty in every single thing .
now i know that the beauty is n't in the thing itself but in the looking\*.
not a single parenting book in the mountain on my nightstand served as the ultimate guide to motherhood that i hoped they might be .
eventually i resorted to a trick i learned when getting my teaching degree sometimes knowing what something is not is almost as helpful as knowing what it is .
so i thought what is parenting not to me ?
it does n't put kids down or make them feel unloved .
i love you but i never felt loved by you .
if anything you seemed to me a teacher an authority figure that required only obedience success and cleverness .
i asked for little i worked hard i was independent ... all the things you praised me for .
i remember when i held my oldest for the first time .
her head with wisps of hair smelled so good that my tears spilled down across her face because i 'd hold her cheek up to my cheek and just breathe her in .
over and over i promised i will never let anything or anyone hurt you especially not me .
i 'm perhaps a bit too fervent in my adherence to this rule and have on occasion played the role of helicopter parent but i 've done a good job keeping that promise .
even so i found myself echoing phrases from my past repeating parental behavior out of instinct and not conscious thought .
i plucked those heartstrings and followed their echo to the source those moments when you made me feel small .
back to those early moments when i learned that to be deserving of love i had to be the prettiest and the smartest and the funniest and the nicest .
seen and not heard ready to put my cleverness on display should your attention ever deign to land on me .
i looked closely carefully at the things you did and the way i felt and i make a daily conscious effort to avoid those traps .
i fail often and extravagantly to be a perfect mother .
and most of all i make sure those girls know they are worthy of love just the way they are .
that 's where the beauty is in the looking .
you told me i 'd never be a poet because it 's not a real career .
i 'm not a poet but i 'm pretty damn close i 'm just not done looking yet .
does anyone know what jax taylor did in his early life ?
i recently started watching vanderpump rules a little late on the wagon lol but it starts with him being 30ish .
how did he pay his bills in his earlier life ?
my friend and i have been trying to find a song from a long time ago i 'd say as early as 2009 and as late as 2013 but this is the time of viewing i do n't know when the video was made and i ca n't remember anything but a few lyrics .
it 's a shark song sung in a borderline goofy voice but not over the top and the lyrics i remember are
i 'm shark number two and i 'm coming for you . ''
i like to eat other shark sometimes even though i 'm a shark . ''
i like to the whhhaaallles when they are little ba-by whales . ''
and this is really all i can remember i am sorry it 's most likely not enough to find it as i 've been trying for a while but with baby shark being popular it makes it hard to find any other shark song .
i am hoping that by some chance someone on this subreddit has heard of it before and remembers it .
i 've been watching alot of improv jam session '' type videos lately and was wondering how they work .
jacob collier not really a melodic '' jam but same idea https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=zsisrqvpy0o list=plgdpbvqobbltlyssp4b2oz7ze0j7lxpqh index=7 t=0s
how do they know what to play and how do they know it will work with what the other person is playing ?
are they just jamming over basic chord progressions like a iv-v-i and adding some variations here and there ?
does one person usually carry the progression along while the other improvises or are they both improvising ?
how do they sound improvised but also structured like there 's still a story being told ?
i do n't even know if these are the right questions to ask because it just completely mystifies me how they work .
ever since the news that cw will renew every current shows in their channel except three shows which are about to end like arrow supernatural and the 100. https www.cbr.com/cw-renews-arrowverse-riverdale-legacies-more https www.cbr.com/cw-renews-arrowverse-riverdale-legacies-more
this made me curious to know why cw did n't cancel a single show this year ?
is it because they follow netflix method of renewing shows that people watch and like instead of ratings and reviews ?
and is it because the shows were popular with streaming with the help of netflix ?
who know mexikohoe https soundcloud.com/mexikohoe https soundcloud.com/mexikohoe or maybe have his flps idk xd
i have a 3.5 year old daughter who we are pretty certain has autism but she will be fully evaluated by a developmental psychologist on the 24th .
she has maybe 50 words and ca n't express herself or her wishes well .
she also does a lot of stunning by jumping and shouting/making vocalizations for stimulation and not speech .
we are running into the issue of the fact we want to socialize her more since i 'm a stay at home mom .
however she resists things she does n't want by crying and screaming and melting down .
i do n't know what to do with this .
she ca n't participate in group activities because she literally does whatever she wants and when we stop her which we do it 's 5-10 minutes of crying and trying to figure out how to get her way .
i do n't know if this is normal three year old behavior but it does n't seem like it is based on watching other kids her age .
what can we do to help her stop throwing tantrums so severely in response to directions or doing non-preferred activities ?
i want to configure my status checkers but want to confirm with others before i do .
my husband i are having a beer wine wedding want to do boxed wine kegs .
but we are n't sure how much we need .
my friend found this in a restaurant where his mother works .
she told him that it was there for a few days someone forgot it is this real ?
hi i 've posted this before and i 've decided to give it a try again because why tf not ... so i 'm looking for long term friends that i can bond with and not just have a super plain conversation we could send each other memes tell funny stories talk about how cute cats or whatever you want i guess i just want a genuine friend i know it 's kinda hard to find those but here i am
i love art design and animals i have four cats currently studying graphic design love traveling specially roadtrips quite a fan of tasty videos on yt i 'm really shy and quiet but when i get comfortable with people i can be a total crackhead it 's an expression i do n't do drugs most people think i 'm angelic but in my head i just want punch their face hehe i 'm really chill and supportive i 'm ready to give u all the love and send wholesome memes also if you like dad jokes then we should really be friends !
i also love cuddles i can get really really soft so be prepared
if you 're willing to put up with me my dms are open and pls introduce yourself or tell me a joke let me give u all the love uwu also have a nice day !
btw i tend to be a bad replier when i do n't seem to click with the person so i apologize in advance
i 'm having trouble coming up with hashtag ideas for my wedding since i wo n't be changing my name to my fiance 's .
any noobs on osrs members or plan to get shortly wan na join up with me and learn the game im rather new to it even tho i played it when i was younger .
information data that is arranged in a particular order which represents something meaningful .
the arrangement of data is interpreted by ultimately arbitrary man made rules or assumptions which seek to organize data so that it can be understood as representations of something else that is meaningful .
e.g holding up 3 fingers is recognized as representing three '' of a particular thing where each finger is understood to be representing one '' as per the rules of the communication .
e.g2 with eight light bulbs using the rules of binary one can interpret information from which bulbs are turned on/off .
starting from the right side if the first two light bulbs are the only ones that are turned on one recognizes this as the representation of the number 3 under the rules of binary .
therefore the arrangement of electrical data into that particular order represents something outside of what it is in itself the number 3 .
abstraction an abstraction can be seen as a compression process mapping multiple different pieces of constituent information or data to a single piece of abstract information .
e.g one family unit is an abstraction of all the family members it hides the more detailed information that is not necessary for a particular purpose .
e.g2 an engine is an abstraction of all its parts .
the engine is the compression of all the components it is comprised of into one term which represents them all as one thing when connected in a particular order .
the block plus the valves plus the water pump etc ... map onto the single thing called the engine .
everything is data and any data can be seen as information .
humans seek patterns organization categorization which means that they can interpret information in any and all data everything .
when information is combined into a unit of new information it is an abstraction a new piece of information in itself which is comprised of constituent information .
so guys im am going to buy a new gaming pc its gon na be used for basic stuf and games like minecraft hell let loose hunt showdown and maybe fortnite .
after following this area for a few weeks i was able to decide on my new television set up and move on from tivo .
pulled the cable tivo romeo mini and streaming box and replaced with roku youtubetv added acorn and upped to 200 mbps .
combined savings of cable taxes local tv fees other hidden fees and tivo came to 82 per month even with the addition of acorn and upgrading to 200 mbps .
looking over value of this left over equipment vs the hassle of resetting cleaning and marketing i 'm just dumping at the town electronic recycle plant .
thank you to everyone in the group for sharing your knowledge
there 's 5 different types of weapons in the entire game but what makes each of them different is rarity and skills you equip for that specific weapon .
in sekiro everything seems simple until you look at the skill tree and look at how many builds you can have with the weapon you hold .
i think this is perfect because i felt bloodborne had lots of weapons however they all had the same mechanics usually so it got kinda boring unless you used lore specific weapons that had gimmicky mechanics .
in dark souls there 's lots of weapons and it makes them not as unique as in bloodborne and in sekiro there 's only one .
i think having this type of system will be good .
if two people have the same weapon type different builds will separate how they work in combat .
i think different types of attacks should be a thing as well like in sekiro .
stuff like rings and amulets should have special effects for very specific kinds of the same weapon you have .
ive been watching too many upbeat shows and it 's not matching my mood .
i 'm looking for a show that is very heavy and depressing .
honestly i dont really care about much else beside that but bonus points if it 's a romance .
also please only dub i 'm too slow a reader to watch sub .
i recently learned that a coworker of mine has a 7 year old son that he has n't seen in almost 7 years .
hearing about how his ex basically used him was shocking .
he told me that his ex kidnapped his their son shortly after he was born and accused him of beating her up .
there was no physical evidence of any kind yet the police took her side and the council local government authority immediately put her in emergency housing .
she got a free place to live pretty soon after .
a nice 3 bedroom house in an expensive area of the city .
this was a huge upgrade from the small flat that she and my coworker were sharing beforehand .
anyway him telling me about how the laws of this country treat men so poorly was shocking .
reading through different subreddits and looking on youtube it seems like things like this are n't uncommon .
imagine having a child only to never be allowed to see them .
imagine being accused of beating up your girlfriend and getting arrested for it .
imagine having to pay money to the person who lied about you .
just wondering how much do they charge for double barrel ?
that 's right guys you tired of your girl complaining about her ass hurting you tired of that little twink bitch squealing when you ram it in .
well then here i am offering to be your not so little bitch who can take it just as well as you can give it .
do n't believe me then get over her bend me over tie me down grab my hair throat or balls up to you and go to town on my tight ass .
my main kinks are bondage rough sex leather gangbangs non con and degradation
my hard limits are gore vore impreg and bathroom stuff
i like dicey dungeons more at the moment but that 's because i 'm terrible at slay the spire lol
i had no idea they pulled that kind of juice .
are they actually pulling that kind of wattage whenever they 're being used or do they use something like a capacitor bank to store the energy and discharge it quickly ?
unfortunately your post does n't follow the naming rule as described in this post http www.reddit.com/r/me_irl/comments/2u8n5h/me_irl .
since your post was n't properly titled i was ordered by my programming to remove it .
i had no choice but to do so as i am a robot with no free will .
titles containing certain characters may cause your post to be removed because i 'm trained to read unicode characters .
many emojis actually look like more than one character to me .
moderators will not approve a post with this removal message so please do n't ask .
instead you can title your post me irl '' or me_irl '' but you are free to try other titles !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/me_irl if you have any questions or concerns .
just eat lots of beans and people will think they 're your farts instead of embarrassing shoe farts .
there 's some comic au where batman becomes a vampire but is this a knee ?
who gives a fuck let 's put a bunch of muscles on it https imgur.com/dquzpet and three foot ears and give his spine a spine .
all of that 's true but being the best option available does n't make it a good option .
hasbro has shown that they have their pulse on what the consumer wants so i have no doubt that we 'll get a more generic skrull in the near future .
the waiting game is just one of the tedious things that comes with being a collector .
yup here 's a before after of the zeiss distagon 18mm ze f/4 https i.imgur.com/ddtu2jt.jpg .
always do the opposite and you 'll be good .
i guarantee that this dude is not an evil mastermind .
just some fuckwit middle class dude who probably has the same mindset as you and got his gun to protect himself from all these 'evil ' other fuckwits .
he had a bad day and responded poorly when some kids made him protect his paint job .
no one is saying take all the guns just stop giving guns to fuckwits .
i 'm a huge stafford fan myself but his time with the lions is going to be up sooner rather than later .
next season is going to be huge for the org .
we 're either going to finally see the lions take a step forward or we 'll clean house and could potentially get out of stafford 's contract to start rebuilding .
i just hope it 's something different than what we 've been accustomed to .
so did you try n match the 140hp inline 4 cylinder in toy ?
large base detail and the smoother texture paint in between works well just paint the texture paint the colour you want
the imagined rules you have in your head about fairness are hindering your enjoyment of the game .
it 's not an exploit or a cheat just a readily available weapon for everyone .
it 's a fucking rpg of course it 's a ohk .
ask him if his pick of sivyrdis was justifiable or was it just nepotism to give his sons client a contract .
after lowering my primary timings as low as possible and these timings as well is there jfk much else you can do to tighten timings ?
i have 3200 cl 16 that oced to 3800cl 18 .
latency is still a bit high around 65-67 ns .
also for trfc calculations i used basic ns times frequency divided by 2000
i think that most guys would love to end a girl 's virginity .
fortunately a jedi had already taken that arm and so all rekor hit was cybernetics .
bastard ... '' he grumbles as he looks for something like handcuffs or rope to prevent another escape attempt from the zabrak .
if no such things could be found he 'd have to settle for only half the bounty .
i have a broken nalgene i 've kept because of the stickers and i love this idea !
why there 's nothing you can do about it so why not relish in a depressing detroit sports game ?
the government has the capacity to do good so it should
maybe the refs like us and want us to get laf ?
i dont see the us military backing down ever especially under trump .
if this were n't cwl i would go for it but we needs stars more than i need the ego boost .
i 'm just going to hit a different target .
like not wanting to get dragged into a meaningless war and lay our lives on the line because of the selfish whims of an absolutely corrupt administration and president ?
conveniently you had medical reasons '' just like the guy who 's going to drag us into this shit .
i love warren but i 'm coming back to bernie now as well
i had been looking at a similar beeswax and coconut oil mix but it 's fantastic to have a direct recommendation for a product .
i wanted more info on the balm mostly because it is different and i wanted to protect the leather of the boots against foodstuffs .
wax products should help since they do create a thin waterproof layer and perhaps ultimately that 's good enough .
edit oh wow i just looked up the product you mentioned and it basically does exactly what i want .
i 'd been les to believe that a wax layer would n't be good enough but looks like people are really happy with it .
had the leather apple case on it but not enough bumper
7sages khan academy and i 've been going to the library lately to get more books !
tito was certainly one of the more interesting dictators .
ran a hybrid socialist state that received from both the soviet union and the us while of course famously holding together the highly volatile yugoslav ethnic groups like no one else had or has been able to .
fascinating hearing that his funeral was that large and attracted to many nations and world leaders .
besides twine celtx has a games application be used for branching .
or you could always draw out the branches by hand like a big branch map of what happens .
i 'd be curious to know what the pros use in the gaming industry .
people have even used twitter for cya like this thread about whether you could make it as beyonce 's personal assistant
consider whether you are doing this just for fun and to learn ... or whether you want to sell this .
i think it would be a tough pitch considering that baldersnatch apparently cost twice as much and took twice as long to produce ... and the episode is rated 7.2 on imdb off a show average of 8.8 .
get too complicated with various choices and it becomes more like a video game as the production costs skyrocket .
do too little and people will wonder why it just is n't a film .
personally the only thing i would use this for is to fill up a trash bag .
the internal cum basting really helps to both keep the meat moist and crispy
that said i do n't know the full extent of iran 's military power .
holy shit honestly i do n't know if i have ever been so infuriated in such a short time by visiting the front page of that sub and reading some comments .
that sub is like a gone mild version of thedonald .
you 're not paying for the 5 minutes replacing the gear '' .
you 're paying for the years of training that lets the repairman know which gear '' and how to change it without damaging anything else .
just because you did n't see any cracks does n't mean there are n't any .
depending on the condition of the metal it may cause breaks or cracks to just bend it back '' .
the metal may require treatment before it can be reshaped .
we ca n't give you any cogent advice with the information you were able to provide .
i think your best bet is to trust the jewelers you bought it from to repair it for you .
someone needs to tell him he 's playing center tonight .
that was the last year i voted for a green party candidate .
sad to say but gore lost in part to a split party .
a vast vast majority either voted for him or were eligible to vote but did n't .
both of those can be classified as stupidity '' imo .
proud of you for not going in the liquor store !
there are online puzzle games crosswords ect if nothing else .
i 've always found most technical people at msps drive around .
those are ones who service clients in the city they are in and those happen to be the ones i 've worked for in the past .
like they are actually encouraging these unstable lunatics to fantasize about the villain impregnating the so-called heroine 's corpse before she was brought back to life .
further proof that the it 's a kids movie about space wizards '' excuse is and always was fucking bs .
i can not wait once liverpool slip and fail to win the title again .
it 's inevitable but will be much sweeter this time around .
imagine being stupid enough to start a war with iran when you still have n't finished losing the war in afghanistan yet .
i would like to point out that science proves you wrong
also heading to europe around the same time for about the same duration so i know how you feel !
what has made planning easier for me is i listed down what i really truly absolutely want to see aka everything i ca n't miss .
based on that route i check if there are sights nearby or in between point a to point b that i can visit as well honestly this is how i find a lot of cool places that were n't on my radar before .
also made notes of important stuff like which days sights/museums are inaccessible .
maybe you wo n't have to constantly.. it 's ok for some mothering ... perhaps he possesses qualities that can do some fathering for you ?
my guy just won his disability hearing and then scheduled a job interview for a 3 figure salary right after the hearing ...
i clean houses and have n't bothered with fed taxes since 2017 .
.. but he has many skills i lack he 's just a scrambled mess yet ... and i 've always been but it 's made me more of one .
i really hope my patience pays off at least he 'll have with job or not now .
i need him to put a thing in my phone and literally ... show me what to press real bad .
hope it works out for you.. you sound like you do love him .
if you 're not interested in flipping cards at the auction house i.e. buying low and selling high your best bets are challenges—weekly moments spotlight—and myteam unlimited .
if you 're skilled enough to go 12-0 you win two pink diamonds iirc .
you can either join your own premade and wait 30-40 queues or get rolled over by the alliance premade .
what you do while waiting is up to you but personally i 'd probably be chatting/planning or fishing/gathering for my tradeskills .
thanks i really appreciate your advice i actually feel kinda hopeful .
i 'm going to university around 3 hours from my city and living on campus .
i really hope i can find people i can connect with and i can get myself out of the box i 've put myself in .
this is the first time i 've spoken about this stuff openly it feels great not to have my feelings bottled up all the time .
honestly i 'd prefer that warren stay in the senate .
vp would be a total waste of her talents since she is good at what she does already .
100gms per day even if over a few days is not really anything .
that amount of weight loss could be explained by literally anything from peeing more eating less salt or where you are in your cycle .
a trend over a few weeks is a more reliable indicator .
having said that an 800 calorie deficit is really big in terms of weight loss .
a deficit that steep is n't recommended unless you really really know what you 're doing and have an end in sight that 's only a few weeks in the future .
how long have you been eating this little and what are you plans for this diet ?
if i was n't already in love i would think i was right now .
aka i do n't actually know what i 'm talking about .
i enjoyed the game so i was ecstatic to find out about the collab !
i believe u 100 ... but man try it it wo n't hurt lol
the way it moves and changes view looks similar to 360 camera vids i 've seen
so basically your parents taught you to be dishonest and mistrustful of them ?
it 's nice to have even a short respite here on the precipice of global war .
somehow i read this three times missing the word nerf ... very important
so we gave them a letter of regret and 61m though right ?
they can have a cellphone but it does n't need to be a smartphone .
win and they 'll be in the quarter final facing serbia .
lose and they have to head back to japan and think what could 've been .
it took 3 seasons but i finally love the guy .
i would n't mind more gotham but it 's kinda gon na ruin the show .
because the whole idea of the show was for us to see the begging .
to see how oswald ed jeremiah selina and many others came to be the villains they are .
to see how a man stands beside his principles and rises from detective to commissioner .
to see how a little boy rises to be a man .
ending the show with batman 's origin was the ideal finale and having more seasons will ruin the core of the show in my opinion .
that is honestly some of the best art i 've seen in awhile .
i do n't know if it 's intended but it looks like she has a lack of hair compared to her length of hair if that makes any sense .
if you have any other art you want me to look at feel free to pm me i 'd like to think i 'm pretty good at judging art although i ca n't draw well myself .
i almost wish i was so i could laugh at the threat of a reddit post .
retcon is your best friend for anything that does n't make sense in naruto
california is the other 49 state 's bank account .
i ca n't see 1917 or parasite getting it .
many people fall through the cracks like i did .
also it will make talking about mental health and getting treatment for mental health understood more as a common medical condition and not something that can just the toughed out '' or brushed off etc .
evidently the glasses approximate the two images closer together with more precision than contacts .
if they do n't fix it the source is n't corneal .
yeah i was thinking of isfj because it seemed the closest but it 's interesting what you said about enfp i 'll try to look into it but i really doubt i have an extroverted personnality type .
and i do tend to overthink a lot also i guess the whole locking someone out for one thing could be a doorslam '' situation which is pretty infj .
but if i do that i probably had some doubts about the person before and just kick them out when they confirm them .
we 're sorry but your post must link directly to an image .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/trek if you have any questions or concerns .
bntet is there a gap in the smoke in the window ? ''
anyone left with any kind of quality jumped ship ahead of the last election since they all thought the government 's goose was cooked .
plus it seemed after turnbull that there was no future for moderates '' in the party any more regardless of the election outcome .
all that 's left now is faceless apparatchiks and the odious dregs of the ultraconservative faction .
need to use the reply button for the other person to see your comment
grilled cheese is a cheese sandwich with butter on the outsides and pan fried in a fry pan skillet george forman type press panini press or if you 're making in bulk could be layered on a cookie sheet and baked .
it 's cooked until both sides are crispy and golden ideally not burned and the cheese inside is melted .
family pjs for christmas he tolerated it for about 3.5 minutes .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
please do not message us about this we will probably mute you and move on with our day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
that would be amazing i 've never really heard of lucid dreaming but it sounds interesting i 'll have to join thank you
my mind is in such a state of panic that every time i 've seen a deadline i will immediately just do whatever the fuck it says without reading into it at all .
my friend once knew someone called love so when she was on the phone with her long-distance boyfriend now husband and the girl came in the room you can guess what happened .
blah blah ... oh hi love ... blah blah blah .
i always tought power favors the morally corrupt in many ways .
first in order to go on a quest for power you have to be either a control freak an insecure sociopath or much more rarely a genuinely good person who needs power to solve certain problems .
the path to power is an even greater filter those who are willing to betray lie to and crush others will have a much quicker and smoother ascension and if someone has noble goals in mind and that is how they justify the corrupt path the journey might just corrupt them .
lastly holding on to power also requires cruelty and machiavellianism you have a lot of enemies and quite often you will have to choose between letting go of parts of your power or crushing them with it .
it is n't really about the headline or god .
i just wanted to give my opinion on the current situation and that god wo n't save us from any of it .
in my experience you got ta camp the fuck out of the schedule planner during add/drop week .
wow i wish you could have posted it a month earlier ... i just closed my pet store
i have a franklin in my 22lr ar upper its hella fun .
i have used it on everything from 22lr to an og m16 upper from the 60s never had a problem .
the m16 upper smoked like a mother fucker though i get why why they changed barrel profiles .
a decade or so of waiting it 's finally coming around .
all 3 were beaten with all void groups it just took a lot of investment and effort .
after a bit of time it became agreed upon that ehmc is the best entry point .
caught in a repeat ball sassy nature 4 ivs except attack decent and def decent
it 's not like they suddenly had food poisoning .
no excuse for an adult not to be prepared for it .
flight attendants get education on how to recognize human trafficking .
it 's not unreasonable to think that hotel staff in a place like vegas would have similar education .
this is the same thing that happens every year .
my games all the hunter does is grapple and climb high places to once in a while aim at a soldier .
it 's not that hard to add a timeout function .
if you 're in pause mode for more than 90 seconds you forfeit the game leave the match whatever is appropriate for the game .
if you need more than 90 seconds you should probably leave the match as you suggest .
i think the human fruit is a stupid theory because of chopper alone .
he ate a human fruit and he is still a lot of parts reindeer .
when he uses '' his df power he turns into a colossal titan .
if kaido was a dragon that ate a fruit by association he should look like a bipedal lizardman that turns into ... godzilla ?
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
please do not message us about this we will probably mute you and move on with our day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
i think much of the criticism is n't about the inherited issues e.g .
education of the ageing population who survived the cultural revolution it 's about the choices the ccp are currently making when there 's clear evidence or legal obligations connected to an issue and resources available to make an alternative choice .
universal suffrage is written into basic law in hong kong so why prevent it from being implemented when withholding it is clearly causing social and economic unrest ?
the ccp agreed to abide by international laws so why reject the ruling by the hague over the territory dispute with the philippines ?
if there 's no state sponsored human rights abuses in xinjiang or tibet why restrict foreign diplomats and journalists from free movement in these areas ?
if china is n't illegitimately profiting from ip theft why resist bringing domestic ip laws inline with international standards ?
i kind of like the idea that they do n't really get involved .
they say it 's up to the users to downvote .
i 'm not saying they should never getting involved such as in cases of brigading and using bots .
trump and his supporters suck but this does n't belong here .
but as of right now 1.7k people think it does .
edit i think a lot of people might just be scrolling without paying attention to the subs .
they see a meme they like and just upvote without regard to the sub 's purpose policies or culture .
to reward me for my time and effort please consider tipping me here https paypal.me/candriseluna .
this can work but the docker way would be to customize the image before running the container or map a volume to override the built in config .
it 's just harder to reproduce when stopping and restarting the container you 'd have to remember to manually make those changes every time .
i think it 's stupid how this entire argument is around what is life and what is n't .
if you want to call an embryo life suit yourself i believe moms have the right to kill their unborn then .
if you 've got the main books you 've got the dmg yeah ?
also copy the page from the back of the phb .
i just juggle being a mom working and going to school .
so i think all of that is a little harder than doing just one of the three .
you were just like me when i finished the manga .
look we should n't be sad about the ending if anything we should feel happy .
the girls passed away with each other in peace .
as well as that they reached their goal of getting to the top tier .
if anything that is the best case scenario for them .
if they were to turn back and go down when they reached the top they would die a painful death of starvation and dehydration .
in my opinion some anime are so good that they do n't need a season 2 girls last tour is definitely one of them .
but if you still feel kinda sad then i suggest watching the spin-off-ish show on youtube called girls weekend class .
it 's pretty funny and it depicts yuuri and chito as school girls and the other characters in the show as teachers .
i just started binge watching season 2 of y+p yesterday and omg it 's gold .
thanks to everyone here who said to try it .
they are bringing the golden trash back to this franchise .
tesla doesnt have an option to download updates to a usb ?
wifi is nice and everything as long as you have it but idk i think offline usb updates should be supported .
it sounds like the fan is scraping a bit on something .
make sure no cables made their way into the fan .
is this staff turnover going to cause people to want to stay or get out of dodge ?
we 've heard the rumblings of garrett guys and how much some of the players liked him .
if he gets a job will any follow or be poached ?
we have so many fa i 'm interested to see how this all plays out .
for perspective add 2 4 6-degrees c to your normal body temperature i.e .
it probably will change your body which is really the goal right ?
but change wo n't happen overnight so do n't stress about it changing in a weird way and being unable to do anything about it .
you wo n't suddenly wake up looking like arnold schwarzenegger .
if you notice changes you are n't liking you can stop doing exercises that work those muscles and they will stop growing or do different exercises that balance things out .
you also may find your focus shifting away from aesthetics and towards all the cool strong fun things you can do with your body .
it 's true that crossfit has made me look better than any other fitness routine i 've done but i 'm more proud of my deadlift and pull-ups than i am of my abs .
i hope you can get here some day too !
it 's a great mental space to be in .
i got in trouble for looking at the floor for roughly 5 seconds when my teacher was talking in second grade because i was apparently not listening '' when i was and im still salty about it
this is all 100 trump 's fault and his doing .
since you posted what seems to be a call for help on a suicide watch sub you may want to take some time to get yourself in order before you buy a gun .
as you see from the other comments similar to mine as a community we care about you and just want to make sure you 're all good .
i literally wrote the exact same comment as you without reading yours ... we are very much on the same wavelength .
having a conversation with someone who is wearing sunglasses especially when it 's not sunny .
i ca n't see your eyes are they open ?
it 's rude af and makes me so uneasy .
there 's too much at steak to be fighting like this
my mom took 2 large cans of campbells tomato soup added 3 cans of water and laid out a box of saltines .
a freaking grilled cheese served with tomato soup in my childhood would 've been like dining at waldorf !
if it was 90 feet i 'd say there are a few that could stay with him but distance sprints are an entirely different thing
i do n't even work as waiter but that was the best insult he could come up with ...
2 tier automatically creates at least some additional administrative costs .
every dollar of additional administrative cost is a waste .
the public loses choice of doctor as our limited number of doctors devote themselves to the rich for a higher pay check .
2 tier healthcare is not okay and can not be tolerated .
we fix our healthcare system by taxing the rich what they 'd pay for healthcare in a 2 tier system and direct it towards speeding up the system more beds and a more efficient system .
what 's the deal with that user and people referencing his record ?
edit omg i 'm so tired 🙈🤣 i see it now .
i 've been smoking for a long time and i 've gone through many periods of cold turkey for a couple weeks and withdrawal consisted of a couple nights of restless sleep .
i 'm not saying what people describe does n't happen to them but it 's not a consistent thing .
a person can be a heavy pot smoker and quit cold turkey and not have any withdrawal symptoms .
i thought you were about to walk into the frost trap
do n't worry recognizing self-incompetence is the first step of self-improvement .
just keep coming to class learn to improve 1 everyday find senior belt to coach you after class etc .
it 's extra hard being the smallest person without knowing the boyd belt '' theory i.e .
so dont worry if you keep losing along the years .
i will never deny that people might also have started fires in some places but are you going to deny that the temperatures reaching 50°c in these dry woodlands do n't have the potential to start a fire and then spread to vast extents ?
are you going to completely deny that these people who started the fires might have started the fires only because they saw the wildfires starting naturally and then decided to take advantage of the situation and go on to do the shit they did .
and btw if humans and their actions of setting such fires can lead to catastrophic consequences like the one we 're seeing now where the smoke of the fires set off by some people is covering almost an entire continent then atleast i personally would not hesitate in admitting that humans have the potential to cause climate change .
is the world supposed to see stuff like this happening every other day to accept that its got something to do with climate change and that humans are indeed pushing and causing and contributing to this climate change and making it worse .
do you know that these devastating wildfires that blazed at the end of december have been a part and a consequence of a feedback loop of the relatively smaller bushfires that have been happening since september ?
do you know that meteorologists are fearing one more set of wildfires by the end of the week after the rain stops due to this whole cycle of bushfires rains thunder and then dry thunder thunder without rain which is what has set off these wildfires along with these 20 arsonists that your incompetent leaders are entirely pinning it on now ?
most at my gym are pretty good but i 've seen a few recently post videos celebrating their clients bench prs where the trainer does n't take their hands off the bar .
worse is one of them is a powerlifting coach from what i can tell .
1 goal in the 1st 2 in the 2nd and 3 in the 3rd ! ! ! !
if i s support myself will it lead to self acceptance ?
i hope the algos caught that my calls need some love even if it 's fake .
have you thought of selling these as stickers ? ! ?
i 'd love to throw one or all of them on my laptop .
but another part i have seen is employees that only care about that paycheck next week .
and they 'll go wherever they can get the biggest paycheck .
you know unless you had thousands upon thousands of bright dust saved up .
i had enough to buy one color for one character .
i ended up buying a set for each of my characters knowing that the solstice armor was going to be armor 2.0 and excited to have a fantastic looking set right to start .
then they made them have worse drops than world drops and no mods available for the cloak so they all go vaulted never to be used again .
my money was absolutely wasted and i 'm pissed about it .
advertising universal mods universal ornaments etc it sounded great .
it was n't until solstice was done that we found out about elemental affinities and the inability to grind for better rolls by that time bungie had collected their paycheck and screwed over a large portion of the community .
i do n't know how large of a portion exactly but every single active member of my clan bought at least one glow set .
yes but technical issues is a very vague statement .
i 'm just correlating information i took in earlier .
maybe it was an autopilot malfunction trying to alter it mid flight and they screwed up causing it to drop in altitude .
grey hunter can take a chainsword boltgun and bolt pistol .
the only unit that i know of that is limited is bloodclaws .
https www.reddit.com/r/maximage/comments/d0zshj/faq to find larger images yourself extension https addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/image-max-url userscript https greasyfork.org/en/scripts/36662-image-max-url guide https www.reddit.com/r/maximage/wiki/pictures remove https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=maximagebot subject=delete fdj0f3q message=if 20you 20are 20the 20one 20who 20submitted 20the 20post 2c 20it 20should 20be 20deleted 20within 20~20 20seconds. 20if 20it 20isn 27t 2c 20please 20check 20the 20faq 3a 20https 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2fmaximage 2fcomments 2fd0zshj 2ffaq 2f
this post has been removed as spam due to your account age being insufficient this is an anti-spam measure we had to take but is not targeted at individual users .
we are happy to manually approve your post if it is in fact not spam .
simply message the moderators with a request for manual review and we 're happy to take care of it for you .
please be aware that r/gaymers is not an advertising platform it is a community .
if your first and only post here is an advertisement for something we will probably not approve it for you even if it is relevant content .
pull up a seat participate in the community and the community will be happy to support you as one of its members .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gaymers if you have any questions or concerns .
escribe bien por eso no la has escuchado nunca con tus frases todas mochas 🙄
remember friends family/gift payments venmo gift cards zelle and cryptocurrency are non-refundable and offer no buyer protection .
if as a buyer you choose to pay through the friends and family '' option or agree to send gift cards venmo or cryptocurrency as payment please understand that you will not be able to open a claim should something go wrong in the transaction .
as stated in the title looking for a good deal on a used 44 mm space black stainless steel apple watch .
it does n't have to have a band as i already have a milanese loop from my current watch .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/appleswap if you have any questions or concerns .
unless favors are culturally important like those horrid jordan almonds no one will care .
let 's agree for a moment it was a technical issue and it was n't iran 's doing .
what does this mean for every other airline company in the us ?
ba already paid out a huge sum to american and was it united too ?
they are n't going to be able to fly any planes at this point .
what happens to the airliners that ground all 737s and potentially boeing jets altogether ?
this would cause an enormous disruption would n't it ?
dope i thought that was weirdly good maybe i 'm just getting lucky with usage seems to go about 1 over night then 1 or 0.5 during the day
i was in a discussion with a guy on a friend 's fb comments about the economy .
he was one of the few trump supporters who had good sources and seemed respectful and intelligent but the moment i mentioned that the quality of the economy is more than a high stock market civil unrest revival of public racism increased violence etc .
he flipped a switch into normal trumper and pulled the oh so the economy is bad because trump hurts your feelings .
deactivated my facebook and just went straight to video games to numb out the reality that these people vote .
ben mentioned two different instances of getting food poisoning .
to continue the discussion on the leader at w25 they kept on rolling the dice with vegas at home vs. pittsburgh .
but the penguins lead 2-0 after the first period .
i 'm catching up on a devastating event where a general contractor did n't pay me and wow i suffered greatly with no heat or electricity until i got assistance from a local charity .
i 'm an electrician but a minority so it is n't easy to get work in north carolina where women are considered taboo in the field .
so after burning and stripping scrap copper and i 'm still reorganizing this huge mess of metal boxes and parts .
i worked my fingers almost to the bone to get the money after rough in on a total house rewire i decided to go back into outcall therapeutic massage work.its picking up slowly from past clients but i 'm still chasing the bills .
what i need help with now is gas money to get my van back and forth from massage jobs help with vehicle insurance and an oil change and a verizon prepaid phone card so that i can use my old flip phone while i 'm driving to take appointments that i miss because i need wifi in the text now app .
i believe i have the money to pay the cable wifi thank god .
i need more than that but i understand that the world is on here with their hand out .
i guess a gift card is the best way but i 'll look at my info on my profile .
i have the un un-da the un he-ek and the un he-gure for example .
un meaning clay '' which is the same word for men '' in my universe .
they are lettered men and serve the unuruhe-karat the not-clay-but-spear-clay from the sky the god-emperor of the city-state with literate affairs .
they ca n't touch weapons and are prohibited of having contact with the shurup the impures '' that is peasants and the flying monks which are a militarist religion .
they basically live their entire lives inside the citadel of the city amongst themselves and the royal family and the branches of the royal family all of which take up arms since childhood excluding the females .
the un he-ek the men of the spears are a highly militarized high-nobility .
theirs primary weapons are bows spears and bronze swords this universe is in the late bronze age and they fight mounted .
they can interact with the lower castes but still as clay '' they ca n't interact with the monks unless it 's the case of war or armed conflict .
they control the peasants acess to the riverbed thus deciding who is and who is n't going to grow crops .
they ca n't interact with the clergy but naturally can interact with peasants .
the flying monks or fek-herat sacredness of the sky '' are chosen by their own prophets among every class including the royal one .
if a prophet sees a royal baby or a peasant one in his meditative dreams they will take the child away from the mother and raise them among the clergy .
no child ever knows their origin and their names matter no more .
they are trained in short and long spears staffs daggers swords bows use of war elephants but never horses as those are seen as sons of the earth not the sky wooden bronze-covered or wicker shields and all sort of weapon including the sword whip their most terrifying weapon .
they also tend the dead and are the only ones allowed to touch them and prepare them through the six elements in order to go back into the cycle .
peasants are rarely seen as having souls so their burials are n't as elaborate even though there are exceptions if a prophet decides so .
they can talk to any social class but not touch them unless necessary .
the utaf-jir or life soldiers '' are the elite of the secular army .
they are a force of slave soldiers born into this professions through generations .
they make the heavy infantry of the royal army .
they can speak to the monks but are n't allowed to speak to the nobles unless the nobles talk to them .
those are just some of the social classes in this little world of mine and taboos that govern each one of them .
not sure what you consider a serving but 100g of canola oil has 884 calories .
trying to figure out what crowd this is appealing to .
or maybe i 've been living on a different planet .
their tongue looks like a fat slug on cocain trying to box
jay z and beyonce as a couple are worth around a billion alone .
we could argue about the kid and the suit all day but this kind of tribal polarization is exactly the sort of thing that yang is against .
give me 2 minutes im in a raid currently .
the same happened with the australian version except it 's dave hughes constantly making joke guesses .
this here is a live-motion example of good counter balancing lol
that would be because people from those countries are more likely to immigrate than some for the us mate .
if this post makes you suffer upvote this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makemesuffer if you have any questions or concerns .
opens with choir chanting but then goes all acoustic-y .
it 's a ballad but it gets pretty intense in the choruses .
rather if you do n't agree with their idea you are labeled a bhakt '' and shunned .
then why would i or anyone who tries to have a different opinion would come out and fight .
talking to a lot of people in my age group mid 20 's i can confidently say that unless these protester stop taking thing in black or white manner and start considering what others who are in the middle ground have to say then they are keeping us away from joining them .
'' the answer could be a secretive air force program intended to keep prying eyes away from nuclear missile silos .
but if they wanted it to be secretive to keep eyes away they would not send any drones it 's a nonsense .
do i stay on straight island after the tyranny is overthrown ?
or.. do we all come together and live peacefully among each other as a civilization and get rid of the gay '' straight '' lesbian '' island thing and be best bros and name the islands really cool things instead ?
these are important questions that may not need an answer right away .
clearly not if you do n't know what that means
boomer at this point is n't an age group it 's a mindset and you are being a total boomer right now
yep and if i extend my app to qml at some point i 'm going to see a layer for the data objects to be exposed to qml for access .
so that 's where my thinking started to go ...
perhaps it makes sense to just add an extra layer for that .
a q_object class that copies my dataclass when it needs it and then does the signals and slots for whatever i need it for .
there are more nazi '' marks on my rifle as well .
located on the bolt above the serial number 2 on the left side of the internal mag i can read that is says 63 beneath the eagle mark .
the are 2 on the stock as well behind in front of the internal mag .
i know its most likely a fake but its still fun to share a part of my collection .
there 's no such thing as a dark type .
first there was wwi then there was wwii now we present to you wwe !
i generally consider it as a method to getting tax payer dollars back from the state and back in the hands of the market .
the state is going to spend that money with or without your consent take it back .
live your life as a libertarian and use the state 's power against it .
not to mention you 've been essentially forced onto that system through government regulation and market manipulation which heavily affects lower income families the most .
at least we got one show in the .2s .
i hope we 're not starting to see a drop like with dragonball .
also noticed that there 's a big drop between demon slayer and black clover .
maybe the trailer for episode 100 that u/faboover posted will drum up some viewers .
last point interesting more adults are tuning in for aot reruns than promised neverland .
when you start going over the limit of physical memory of the gpu and start dumping into system ram
but that never happens just ask all the reddit experts who say a 32gb/s pcie 4 gpu is pointless .
it happens in gaming constantly on 3gb gpu regularly i imagine on 6gb gpu even on 8gb gpu .
there is also a clear trend toward more ram hungry games resolutions and detail levels .
it would just cut in to the stem of the 6 directly .
i still see them stocking them at best buy .
they 're also available on amazon newegg and the steelseries website with no limited quantities .
what do you think of the koblin and supercomputer vector ?
i just got them today but have n't had much chance to mess around with them yet .
the maps do suck dick so i do n't want them creating new maps because they too would just suck dick .
the maps suck dick but i dont want any new map
this is a friendly reminder that we have an official discord link here https discord.gg/pvbncbd in there are instructions on how to join our official minecraft server as well currently the server is down and being worked on will be vanilla plugins 1.14
come on in to play some mc talk to the mods and just hang out !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/minecraftmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
the they really said this is an indicator that this isint an exaguration
ssb goku has been avoiding me since he came out and i really want that fucker to add to my god ki team
then i 'd dry brush some of that green oxidized color onto some of the more exposed surfaces
i 'm sitting comfortably at rank 2 so i can afford to lose my il spot until march .
when you link those with the nipple clamps it gets magical .
i 'd say 4 light sabers over 1 as my rating .
they are definitely tazers to pull an actual firearm would be to dumb to keep their badge but a tazer is still dumb the shock can stop a heart even a healthy one if you 're unlucky .
yeah i never exfoliated so much because i was afraid it would damage my skin as i am really sensitive unfortunately .
please nominate and vote in the best of boneappletea 2019 https www.reddit.com/r/boneappletea/comments/ed536j/best_of_boneappletea_2019 !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/boneappletea if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't know the detail but i would like to state that making past enemies into allies is n't unheard of in politics and vice versa .
the only thing you were top 3 in was your school 's special needs spelling bee .
well that 's not how i took to dating it 's is all about sex right ?
so dating it depends on if they can have civil discourse ie.. discussions or not .
i think this whole we can not talk to each other is terrible for people talking is everything in our country to securing the future how do you expect to move things forward as a nation ?
if we can not speak to one another to resolve differences and problems .
i mean this is how civil discourse works it is how a nation and its people move forward is through conversation and meeting in the middle if you can not have a conversation there is never going to be a meeting of the minds .
no one party can be expected to dominate its people in this nation that is not how the founding fathers set our nation up if either party thinks thinks this is how it 's going to be there will be a civil war .
i think it is so immature to not be able to have a conversation with someone on the other side of any argument as adults we should be able to do that children can not discuss a problem and hence fight and argue so obviously to me if you ca n't discuss a problem with a stranger or your partner or a family member you are the child .
is all i am saying it works across every aspect of your life not just dating .
please no grammar police this was a thought a statement that is it .
el sacko and titanblue were i believe both not drafted in s19 ... .
they 're not horrible by any means but both of them on the same team spells trouble
el sacko with the 89 dnish and 87 tnish and titanblue with 96 onish in minors last season ?
they are n't exactly volunteers '' and they come from everywhere .
i though for its price it should be easier '' to chance i even chanced elder essence worm previously for 800 chances .
well you fools do actually think the iran deal was a good thing .
you downplay iran killing americans and do n't understand that removing sanctions from iran has caused an increase in their terrorist activities along with giving them cash directly .
trump did the right thing by pulling out of it and dealing with iran the old fashioned way
but you can only be sure claiming that that wjat you observe is nothing '' if there is something existing '' to contrast with it .
therefore while nothing is not something first order it implies the existence of something first order that there exists nothing '' entails that there exists something .
nothing at the same time is a something iself in the second order as a concept .
ive been through most of the stages im at the running chasing stage .
im the chaser but im not really chasing i dont want to feed her ego .
i hope its twinflame connection because it suck so far and i dont want to be in another if this isnt it
but actually it 's 11,000 companies and hmrc has only prosecuted an eighth of them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/diojpqwepp9 if you have any questions or concerns .
you need to turn sensitivity higher and speed down for it to work better though as far as i am concerned .
you know some fools are gon na catch some article 15s for live streaming the embassy being overrun on facebook live .
or some dumbass is gon na be on tiktok doing a fortnite dance over someone 's body .
god this is gon na make for some great memes tho .
got ta shove the whole box in your pp that way when you nut it 's already in the tissue and easy to eat
i believe that it is the demon horn necklace you mean .
bc you do n't know what a deep wounds state is ?
not with the switch-everything defense that houston likes to run is forced to run because of harden 's inability to guard the perimeter .
and let us know how that works for houston .
this whole switching everything scheme they like to run '' and causes them to have one of the worst defensive ratings of any half decent team in the league year after year as they keep getting abused defensively because their switching scheme is a mismatch paradise .
i vaguely recall reading somewhere that at one point the harpers and the zhentarim were allies for something .
now i can not for the life of me find anything like that .
did i dream this up or was it actually a thing ?
i know that cloud services are fundamentally not private but are they something that can still work ?
i have been considering finding a completely open source and privacy respecting cloud service or just storing my data on other computers .
does anybody feel totally empty at the end of an amazing tv series its like you just got out of a relationship and you did n't want to and it all ended very badly .
i felt elated but also kinda depressed at the end of 12 monkeys too lol
i would have felt the same about got but hey we all know how that went down ... .. way way down i felt kinda burned by that one that was like one of those relationships where it went so well the first few years and then slowly declined but you just pushed that niggling feeling to the back of your mind cause you think nah it cant be so you stick with it for a while even though it continues to decline then you just feel betrayed angry and bitter and mostly at yourself for allowing yourself to be deluded for so long when you should have trusted your instincts and not got so invested in it .
but mr robot and 12 monkeys you kinda wish you could just maybe go at it for a little bit longer even though its not a good idea .
or maybe i just need help lol or maybe just some quality sleep !
my first blind run of diablo 2 was with the necromancer making use of minions and some curses but generally made a little army for myself as i went in to beat up some dudes as well .
did n't actually beat the game but made it to diablo fight
but now with the mod i wanted to try a mage playstyle as i 've always gone for durability and melee in rpgs minus the times i used bows as my secondary weapon in my first necro run and fallout 4 and my werebear druid game has been a blast so far i just need to beat the game to respec my points and get everything sorted out for the end game stuff level 26 at the moment with a paladin friend unfortunately stomp and maul drain my mana quickly so that 's the only downside thus far .
i was wondering what skills/stats i should focus on as a bone/poison boy and which gear to keep an eye out for either early on or once i get to a point where i can farm bosses before a second playthrough through nightmare mode .
i 'm still new to diablo 2 as a whole but being able to play with friends has increased the fun factor of going through everything again .
also might come back if i plan on doing another druid run as a wind mage/summoner
i 've been ranking up byleth and edelgard and i 've gone through several battles and getting hearts between the two and i 've gone through two tea times which the first was good and the second one was a perfect but the support system says this bond must take time to deepen just for a c support .
and then i got a c support with doreatha after only getting five hearts with her on the battlefield .
is it harder to unluck supports with house leaders compared to regular students or something ?
if you find out any blade runner 2019 8 april 2020 comic variants and special editions that are not on the list please let me know and i will add them .
here are all known variants of blade runner 2019 8
found out my jeep needs a right gasket replaced .
problem is i guess this product is back ordered through chrysler currently so i do n't have options to fix it immediately .
a potential solution would be to replace the engine.. they noted it would obviously be expensive around 6,000 compared to the 2,000 they quoted me on a gasket replacement .
i currently have a loan on this jeep still less than 10,000 left .
i 've basically invested 15,000 grand into the jeep already..
i do n't know if trading it in would be wise.. but i do n't think an engine replacement would be wise either ?
would add years to the car i guess that 's good
do i wait out the backordered item and drive my broken jeep around ?
i do n't that far or much tbh currently or do i give in an get an engine replacement ?
there 's other factors that i wo n't mention currently but that 's the basics of it .
the main thing i took away from this last episode is that his origin arc and development was completely wasted in this show .
i almost got the feeling that the showrunners knew how strong a character he was so they overused him to the point of near parody .
constantly putting him in situations where he shouldve been killed multiple times only to have him magically get away with a new hare-brained scheme lucky chance to re-establish himself as a drug kingpin .
it must have happened at least 7 times over the course of the show .
dre is an interesting character he 's supposed to be an almagamation of all of ghost 's worst traits without his conciense .
he 's supposed to be a reflection of all of ghost 's intelligence used for the wrong reasons all the time .
but the show couldnt seem to give him anything to do after season 3 so they just kept making him this hood houdini that annoyed the fuck out of the fans .
the recent episode hit hardest because it showed dre for what he really is a waste of potential .
this guide will tell you how you can get free avast premier activation key or avast premier license key for 2 years or more .
i will provide list of codes to activate avast antivirus avast premier avast internet security for free .
this guide will definitely work for most of users out there .
i 'm a female in my mid 30s moving to austin .
i travel frequently for work but when not traveling for work i would work from home .
she 's shy but once she gets to know you she 's very affectionate .
she 's fairly well behaved and not a huge barker .
when i travel she would either come with me or i 'd make arrangements for her care .
in an ideal world i could find someone who also had a dog that got along with her .
i 'm also looking for a place with a fenced yard for my dog .
i 'm pretty easy going and i 'm not a big partied and do n't keep late hours .
you are an artist 's model that has fallen on some hard times .
you only have one prospect this week me and need enough to make rent .
when you started you vowed to never accept porn work but you are open to nude modeling especially now .
what you do n't realize is that i selected you specifically for your wide hips a fertile body .
i want my piece to go over nine months sketching you nude daily tracking your progress .
i recently got a grant that will pay quite well for my project but before we can sketch you in that condition we 'll need to put you in that position ...
kinks impregnation bondage submission maybe raceplay a little bit of reluctance on your end
chat or messages work for me but do bring some ideas to the table .
just curious as to what people think of loot council vs dkp and what guilds do what ?
how do you avoid bias drama in loot council systems ?
i became the emperor of china as japan and it was the worse decision i have ever made in this game .
mandate keeps decreasing and it has almost wrecked my economy .
i see in the wiki u get 0,36 points per stability point .
however i have 3 stability and i get only 0,06 .
i would like to say that i am new to megami tensei in general and i have only played a bit of persona 2 innocent sin and persona 3 .
since i have no real preferences at this point except the fact that i do n't really like social links and having to make friends i would like to ask what game should i start with ?
also one more thing i would like suggestions from before the ps3 era for a few reasons
i doubt that i can find a ps3 in my country
while i can emulate a few ps2 games my laptop ca n't even handle emulation of 3ds games .
i 've been looking for a new phone and could use a little advice .
i have cricket for personal at t for work .
i prefer android work provides me an iphone 6 .
i want to put the sim from both phones into a single phone .
the phone says it supports dual sim but the us versions only supports a single sim .
i would prefer if the sims were dual active both supporting 4g connectivity at least a 6 '' screen .
is it safe to purchase a newer non-us samsung phone online that supports dual sim cards ?
if i purchase a non-us phone how do warranties work ?
if samsung is not a good option what would be ?
it 's only available in dutch there 's one english scenario that you can pre order
most scenarios/cases are physical some are online you are the detective and with a little help from your partner a chatbot you can investigate your evidence and question people .
i played one of the cheap online scenarios by myself .
just 15 euros and am debating if it would be fun to buy a physical scenario for my boardgame group .
we usually play one 1hour escape room per boardgame day '' .
we like escape room the game and exit but we are not very experienced in puzzle escape or detective type of games .
crimiboxes are quite expensive 30-90 euros per box and one time use which is why i 'm in doubt ...
i would like to hear some experiences from others .
if you played similar detective games feel free to share your experiences too !
this link is n't from my own game but this is another user having the same problem
i have stayed away from buying 2k20 because of the negative reception .
but this bug i seem to remember being present for a long time on 2k19 .
i ca n't remember if it was on my old pc i switched systems over the summer to a far newer machine .
but these black dots randomly appearing are driving me up the wall
i 've tried several graphics options i 've changed refresh rates run in a window edited my config files played with settings in the nvidia control panel .
i know its the game not the computer my system is less than a year old and can run other games even other 2k games full power without a sweat .
it 's gotten so bad that i 've started making preparations to migrate all my stuff to my ps4 version .
the only thing i 'll lose is the graphical clarity and some of the custom entrance music i modded into the game
maybe 1 or 2 in the morning i decided to look out of my bedroom window .
nextdoor to my house is a big park and in that park i see two figures likely men either dressed in black or looking that way because of the dark .
walking back and forth here and there stopping maybe running picking up a disgusting disposed large white blanket or bedsheet and shaking it out and running with it over their head .
my concern is their way of movement particularly the legs .
it 's like they were gliding over the grass .
is this worth my curiosity or is it possible that the dark made them look like that ?
even when walking their stride just looked so weird .
covering a largish amount of space in this weird smooth way .
i do n't want to over dramatise it but i remember being slightly stunned at the time as well .
i am well aware it could just be two chavs having some fun at 1 in the morning .
but i am still curious about the way they moved .
can anyone clarify that the dark can give you that effect ?
edit i have heard a few eerie things in that park on other occasions .
tonight being a full moon i would like to attempt to make my first moon water .
i 'm wondering if i use a bigger say pickle jar if i can use the water over time and it still be good .
it 's the middle of winter here in canada and currently 30c the water will freeze .
i 'm assuming so since it is still technically water .
i know you ca n't have light touch it .
having a strange thing happen that i ca n't work out .
i have a mediaplayer running as part of an object .
it continues playing when i change fragments and but when i change to a fragment that has to load a recyclerview with a lot of data in it being pulled from an api and start to scroll the mediaplayer finalises and stops playing .
it does n't do it on fragments with smaller amounts of data in .
call motivated sellers is looking for nativel level english speakers for an exciting lead generation campaign in the industry of real estate investment .
calling pre-screened prospects to discuss if they are interested in selling any properties they currently own .
taking detailed notes from prospects about the condition of their properties .
obtaining a basic idea of the price they have in mind for the sale of their home .
forwarding the lead to the real estate investor client in the us for his team to follow up with a view to discussing further details with the prospect and closing the deal .
well-organized and structured approach to working with the self-discipline and motivation to work from home .
internet connection of at least 2mbps upload and 8mbps download speed
whilst previous telephone sales or customer service call-center or home based is an advantage it is not absolutely necessary for these positions as full training is provided .
what is more important is an enthusiastic and determined mindset and a professional confident engaging and friendly phone manner with some basic computer skills and administrative abilities .
part-time or full-time 20 30 or 40 hours per week schedules available .
i got the discoloration like this thread https www.reddit.com/r/surface/comments/6e18jz/surface\_book\_yellow\_discoloration\_when\_device https www.reddit.com/r/surface/comments/6e18jz/surface_book_yellow_discoloration_when_device
i bought it on late november when it was on sale havent used it much because of the holidays .
now that i decided to start using it there is a discoloration .
and they will send a factory replacement or a refurbished one .
i just payed 1000 for this thing a refurbished or factory isnt acceptable and its been less than 60 days .
i bought it at best buy and there refund policy is 15 days .
how do i go about getting a refund with them ?
or exchange or store credit to buy it again .
and if that doesnt work what do i say to the microsoft store manager ?
how do i go about getting a new one or a refund so that i can buy it again ?
today marks the longest i 've been clean from meth in 6 months daily iv-user .
i already posted on here about getting clean a couple days ago and i was shocked by how friendly and compassionate people were on this thread .
feel free to go and check out my last post as it describes my reasons desire to get clean .
1 my first couple days i had extreme fatigue increased appetite extreme depression mood swings and i had at-least three mental breakdowns due to stress .
2 today i still am experiencing slight stress some mood-swings overall fatigue anhedonia or the inability to feel pleasure and a few other common symptoms of withdrawal .
the cravings have definitely been there like sometimes i 'll look down at my forearms and run my fingers across my veins and it 'll spark extreme cravings at times i used to do this to locate a vein for injection .
my girlfriend and her daughter she 's 6 months old have been the best support line i could 've ever asked for .
i 've submitted many applications looking for a solid career as we plan on getting an apartment together soon and i wan na be able to support her .
more importantly i wan na be able to support her daughter and be the best step-dad this girl could ever ask for .
i 'll continue to post updates as time goes on .
pre-hatching is greatly appreciated and please let me know if you want your pokémon nicknamed and/or hatched at a specific location before we trade .
if you have been processing a long time you will have surely come across daniel schiffman and his youtube channel https www.youtube.com/user/shiffman .
i have been binging through his beginner videos and ended up in the first chapter of the nature of code .
i find it fairly easy to grasp the concepts .
so what now even though everything is going fine ?
well the problem for me is that i can not work on learning processing everyday .
as a high school student i have long test phases and long study phases .
so most of the time there are big gaps between when i can start learning again .
can i get some suggestions on how to do this considering my main source of instruction is a youtube channel ?
i have 15 outstanding issues and have n't been paid properly since 2016 .
i 've been working on a website using a plain html but i 've been asked to redo it in wordpress and make it easy to edit because it 's going to be changed up abit .
i already own a verified copy of the7 theme which comes with elementor and wpbakery so you can use whichever you prefer .
i was thinking of modifying the7 design options to match the site but custom css and js can do if that 's what you prefer .
i 'm also open to advice on any better ways this can be done .
the key thing i need is to replicate site design and animations .
the the only page you 'll have to replicate is the home page .
pls help if you can really swamped and need this done by sunday night
i 'm in the process of converting to roman catholicism and i 'm beginning to have some serious doubts about the catholic church .
as you guys are the other oldest branch of christianity can i ask why orthodoxy is the correct version of the christian faith ?
and if i were to convert to orthodoxy does it matter that i 'm not ethnically one of the peoples that are traditionally orthodox ?
game freak explicitly said that the regional dex was it and they were n't going to add new pokémon as dlc .
either they always planned to add it and they were lying then or they 've just gone back on their word and hope everyone simply forgets .
do n't get me wrong i 'm glad they 're bringing more pokémon into the game but i really do n't like how game freak has handled this .
edit masuda outright said they had no plans to add more pokémon to swsh https www.google.com/amp/s/www.videogameschronicle.com/news/game-freak-reiterates-it-has-no-plans-to-add-missing-switch-pokemon/amp
every other durango i 've had came with the full tow package .
there are no vehicles around with that package on it ...
has anyone done an aftermarket tow package on the durango ?
how difficult is it to install and ultimately pull off when i turn in the lease ?
my boat is n't very heavy so i really just need the hitch and wiring setup i 'm not going to need all the extra cooling etc that comes with it .
i have a problem with my conquerors and that is that they are not spawing at all .
i gathered about 20 watchstones and had one cirus fight .
in all regions it requires to have at least 4 watchstones to spawn a conqueror but even i have that 4 ws socketed in they dont spawn i tried it in two regions for like 6 and more maps in each but still no spawning .
why wont they spawn do o have to do sth or what ?
i was lucky enough to get a sa ib offer at a bb this summer but the more i think about it the more i wonder if i really want to be living my life in 100 hour weeks haha..
i will definitely work very hard over the summer and work to obtain a full time offer but does anyone know if corporate banking is much better ?
would i be able to lateral in the same bb if i got a fto ?
compared to most poke places how does the one on campus hold up ?
it 's pretty new and i have n't been there yet .
i 'm interested in trying it but want to know from your own experiences !
maybe i 'm just very nostalgic towards the older game but why is n't it ?
i 've been enjoying this game the last few weeks since i got it .
why ca n't walker assault be a gamemode or one of the events in galactic assault ?
why did n't they carry over the maps from 2015 the sequel era needs the love .
if the goal was they did n't want the game at launch to feel like a resell of 2015 that 's fine .
but it 's 2019 some of us have n't played the 2015 battlefront since 2016 .
i miss the hoth walker assault and dlc maps specifically bespin .
very specific complaint but can we have padme/jango and ashoka/ventress as a prequel hero 's ?
this is an old complaint and i already know the response but i think it 's a core complaint .
in the classic swbf2 space battles you could raid capital ships .
and maybe a follow up on the ambitious swbf3 where they wanted land to space battles ?
capital supremacy is trying hard to do this and i am happy but the cutscene makes it feel like galactic conquest then galactic assualt which is fun .
this is something we were as a community very passionate about in 2015 but never got .
swbf has come a long way since 2015 and i just picked up swbf2 on sale a few days ago and i 'm loving it .
it 's amazing and i ca n't wait to continue playing .
as unrealistic as it sounds i 've really been enjoying my masters program sports psychology and it has gotten me interested in pursuing both statistics and neuroscience .
i was thinking about trying to do another masters degree program online while i finish up this second year of my current program in statistics while i am also working to get into a phd program .
can anyone help me find the name of the song used towards the end of episode 3 .
it 's when they are revealing the ratings rankings .
i think it 's the instrumental of a pop song shazam is n't helping me out and music lists are n't up on tunefind yet .
'well wishes ' and a good time of day to all who come across this wherever you are .
i come seeking insight checklists links help advice all things constructive .
i plan to leave the us duh i know lol .
however i 'm completely green to this traveling business .
i 've lived in tx for the majority of my life ...
i 'm looking towards the middle east egypt lebanon saudi. .
i was told with 2,500 usd i could leave the country cover fees and land an apartment over there .
i just learned that there are no exit forms or anything like that to leave ... .you can just ... .up and go .
however i feel like there are things that i need to double check .
so here i am hoping you the traveling greats would assist me in my quest out this mug lol .
i would look to leave as soon as possible .
i am currently saving money if there just so happens to be some awesome godund me group that helps ppl leave ... .please do n't be shy to mention it .
timing is my biggest thing with all of this .
i 'm looking into the countries and trying to find cheap living and jobs .
this is where i 'm at and i feel like i 'm behind and not doing enough .
i need to make contacts learn about visas ... sheesh
what are your thoughts on having a voiced protagonist in the game instead of the usual silent type .
cut scenes always felt a bit off when i 'm playing as a silent protag in any game persona code vein etc. .
but i 'd like to know what others think about it .
i 've had these slots filled all week with them naturally all no-shows .
i might have missed something totally obvious here so apologies if i have .
when forty drugs joe he writes 8.51 '' on his arm to remind him what time he started tripping .
but later on you can see clearly that he has 8.52 '' written on his arm in different handwriting .
i assumed he 'd washed his hands when he saw blood on them while tripping but that feels like a fairly simple explanation .
when choosing your pr and marketing team https www.quitegreat.co.uk it is vital to have a strong understanding of the professionalism of those who run the company and hence those who oversee the projects their staff carry out on behalf of their clients .
quite great was formed in 1996 it 's heritage stems from its founders whose background was based in music art celebrity and consumer .
not sure if this is my vs or just me but when my eyes are closed or sleeping i go cross eyed i noticted it recently and when i open my eyes i feel them focus straight again ?
i have been playing a set of whimsicott with tailwind and trickroom for speed control .
i noticed that using my whimsicott which has speed ev investments is almost always able to set tailwind first .
however when i face another tailwind user which i aim to counter with a trickroom it happens quite often that my whimsicott moves after the 2 opponents .
my question is whether trickroom is affected by prankster how prankster as an ability works .
so i just met my co-worker good friend at work .
after we were done with our meeting she kept telling me how she has n't slept so well the past days .
i ca n't even remember the last night i had 7 hours of sleep .
as i know chronic bronchitis is n't hard to live with if it 's at stage 1 atleast that 's what people told me is this true ?
i am a 27 year old white american male student at san diego state university looking to complete a study abroad requirement at the university of strathclyde in the fall of 2020 .
i need to complete a semester abroad as a graduation requirement .
i have been looking all across europe and have found the university of strathclyde .
it looks like a world-class campus and i have heard good things about it overall .
i am a history major and the classes look superb and like they will be an engaging experience .
basically the university looks amazing and so does scotland overall .
i already want to pack my bags and save up for a kilt on some level .
for the personal angle i think studying abroad at this university will work for myself as a positive experience .
i will admit right here that i do not know a great deal of the nuances of scotland or scottish culture beyond the stereotypes .
that said i do know a bit more than perhaps the average american such as that the a united kingdom is a group of nations that includes northern ireland scotland england and wales .
i also know for example that you all overwhelmingly voted to remain in the european union while england under thresea may attempted to dragged you out of it .
thank you for the amazing insults against drumph by the way polyester cockomble and incomprehensible jizztrumpet were my favorites .
hope that helped because i try to stay in touch with the world .
anyways if/when i do land in your hopefully awesome city what should i expect know ?
point is i do n't want to act like a jackass when i arrive so i am please asking how do i manage to do that ?
what are your we hate tourists or do not do this things that you wish people would know .
if it also helps i served in the untied stares navy for six years and managed to successfully serve the first two of those in atsugi japan with great success .
along the way i came to greatly appreciate and respect japan as well as both japanese people and culture in the process .
i 've spent time already outside of the u.s and so when is say i can connect with locals it is not just blowing smoke .
i promise i am not trying to be an ass .
i thinking of taking 5-htp for depression for around 3 months maybe 4 .
i read that you should take a l-tyrosine if you intend to take it long term .
historically decolonization was understood as the self-determination of colonised nation states from their imperialist occupiers .
the replacement of colonies with independent autonomous african nation states .
however as anarchists how do you understand decolonisation or national liberation without the creation of a state ?
a while back i saw this video of a college friend sitting on his bed while his other friend is fucking college girls .
one line that was stuck in my head was i do n't cum from blowjobs '' .
the username i remember was just some mush of letters i tried to search everything but could n't find .
i have some problems with setting up my graphs in grafana for my cisco wlc 5508 .
i have followed this https www.neteye-blog.com/2019/08/monitoring-a-cisco-wireless-controller guide and installed everything .
but i have some problems with a specific graph .
i want to have a graph that shows the total number of users on 5ghz and 2,4ghz for a specific site .
the problem is that it show the wrong number but also if i change the wildcard ap name the same data will be presented .
'' q '' select max '' radio24users '' as '' 2,4ghz users '' from '' bsnaptable '' where '' apname '' ! ap name and time now 30m group by time 1s fill previous select max '' radio5users '' as '' 5ghz users '' from '' bsnaptable '' where '' apname '' ! ap name and time now 30m group by time 1s fill previous ''
is it even possible to have this wildcard for the ap name ?
lets break it down the team beat seph holy is free to save the world but then has the opposite effect '' and meteor continues to fall only for the lifestream to save the planet last minute ... allegedly .
first of all it was very clearly stated in-game that holy was the one that decided what was best for the planet .
and as we saw holy decided you know what humans must die .
but then it was the lifestream that came last minute .
nothing was ever said about the lifestream deciding humanity could die .
in fact just the opposite the lifestream is the planet 's immune system it 's there to protect and heal the planet .
we literally see that in our first visit in the northern cave when it 's doing its magical thing to heal the wound of the planet .
so when it comes in last minute it provides a shield against meteor to stop it .
we 're even given a final shot of aerith showing her protective presence was there along with all the other souls we 've lost on our journey zack jessie biggs wedge ilfana gast dyne .
the literal healer of the party was healing the planet .
as if that were n't enough we get 500 years later showing the planet is still there along with nanaki .
so there 's your answer right there the planet itself clearly survived and so did at least some species like him .
but here 's yet another thing no one talks about there 's no crater in midgar .
when jenova fell 2000 years ago it left a huge crater in the northern cave .
but 500 years later we see midgar though broken down and covered in vegetation still technically standing and not just a giant hole in the ground .
if meteor did crash and kill humanity 500 years later would 've had a very different look .
not sure why that does n't make it loud and clear that humans survived .
it 's frustrating that we lost every game except 3 games maybe ?
i feel like we are much better than 23-14.of course we are not contenders but a top3 team in the west .
we have the best offense in the league sadly we also have the worst defense and clutch time in the league i know statistically we are not the worst d but it really feels like it .
they basically walk on the paint so easily that they could drink a black tea while putting it in
when everyone thinks pewds tired of youtube but he said himself that january is not great month for a youtuber
with apple i bet a good gouda would be fire .
it 's a crumbly goat cheese and it 's sooooo good with sweet foods like apple and grapes .
for sure my favorite nes game of all time .
you 're talking about one of the greediest companies in the gaming industry this will never happen ... .
surely has to be something off court and not because of his performance tonight .
i had a boyfriend who 's mom would n't let him talk to me .
she took away his phone and laptop to make sure he could n't contact me .
she even contacted our teacher to make sure we were separated everyday .
he told me his mom said i was crazy and dangerous cause i took medication for depression and anxiety .
one time i wanted to have him come over but his parents would n't allow it unless other kids were there so we invited other friends for a get together .
there had to have been 4 other kids including my mom and my grandparents there .
when they came to drop him off they syayed at our house for the full 3 hours .
me and my boyfriend could n't even sit in our room with our door closed without them asking where he went when they were sitting in the room next to us .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
it breaks rule 3 do not make multiple posts .
please wait at least 48 hours from your most recent post before posting again .
for more information about the subreddit rules make sure to read the sidebar and if you have any questions please message the moderators .
you can post again when your previous post r/art/comments/em6xqv is two days old .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/art if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm not op but the boarded up window is a start .
i love romania as a country but there are so many other beautiful parts of it .
it 's fucking tragic that police and people must face in violent clashes in years where we 're supposed to be a modern society .
there no wit in celebrating a man getting hit by a molotov whatever side he stands .
you spelled vb '' wrong jeez mate its only two letters .
i was regularly grounded from reading and still got caught under the covers with a stash of books and a flashlight .
confucius say man who get kicked in testicles left holding the bag .
just a bot trying to brighten up someone 's day with a laugh .
message me if you have one you want to add . ''
that 's what happens when you remake old maps in new videogames .
i pushed shelly and primo so much with this game-mode ♥
cheers glad to see there are still some open minded people out there .
johnny was supposed to be 24 turning 25 and it was the summer before baby went to college .
while it 's accurate submission loss '' makes it sound like a ufc fight had me confused for a second lol
i think it 's something to do with monitoring trucks on the road
do you have full custody based on a court order ?
they had us in the first half not gon na lie
i also get my brows tinted otherwise they were invisible and made me look so washed out with no definition to my face .
it lasts about 6-8 weeks and it 's inexpensive prior to castor oil it was a very sudden quick and obvious fade out if i was n't pre-emptive with a follow-up appt .
now however it is a very subtle only noticeable to me when the tint wears off from the darkening the oil has given me and i do n't rush in for more tinting the way i used to .
i like mine a few shades darker than what they are naturally and honestly i 'm pretty close to achieving that now just an added bonus i heard about but did n't anticipate tbh .
hoping you get the same results it 's slow but suddenly i saw a definite difference i wish i took before/after pics but brow products i once used are now the same or close to the same colouring so it 's not subtle in the perfect way .
dont waste time debating ignorants the people that defend epic dogshit are probably people that got a vacation from a valve game
if you 're gon na get a duck may as well make it a golden one .
like when they recorded it the director was like let 's try that again but slow it down ''
i can not emphasize enough just how boring it is for people to say the same things over and over and over again .
better than what they did with the boy bands and young girls .
i would n't say the bi 's do n't know it '' but in practice these labels are so similar that the biggest observable difference is the average age of people who use it .
are you saying in your experience pan people tend to be dicks about this ?
and just to avoid misunderstandings i 'm pan but i accept the fact that literally every group of people includes some dicks edgelords so maybe that 's just the pansexuals you happen to run into
i 'm from buenos aires and i say kill em all .
for the courious finally decided to move on from my pindle/lk spam on p8 and go back to good ol ' mephisto .
after a couple of runs with 532mf on p7 i got mara and 2 runs later i got a lo !
i did pindle from 90-92 and i ca n't recall any godly drops .
it seems mephisto 's yield is just incomparable to pindle at least from my personal experience .
finally i can make one of my bucket list runewords grief .
i also find it odd the two she interrupted .
very calculating but sure ... let 's pretend it was n't very lee-like in how she did it .
a group of teenagers exploring a now abandoned factory find a forgotten technology deciding it to be fun to test it out they learn why it was abandoned .
unbeknownst to them what they find has a mind of its own and is slowly killing them off .
they have one chance to fix the wrongs of the past one chance to survive .
wait 'til you hear what you can do with poppies .
my mil threw a tantrum the one and only time i said yes to changing a nappy .
we also ended up with a soaking wet little boy with worse nappy rash .
he 's a total idiot for not telling his fiancee beforehand but at the same time the woman is paralyzed and needs help .
play a lot spam her and you will come to a point where you know intuitively how to land them but this obviously requires time and effort .
this is n't going to teach you how to land every skillshot in the game though it 's not important because only playing one champ is in my opinion the best way the enjoy the game .
um maybe because that 's how many they have ?
we need to get you more nut milk lol ☺️
2 of the top 5 were banned so its ok they banned one that sees fringe usage
here 's a sneak peek of r/boomerhumour using the top posts https np.reddit.com/r/boomerhumour/top ? sort=top t=all of all time !
1 i sent this to my baby boomer aunt and she got mad at for calling her obsolete https i.redd.it/c2p23fyupbd31.jpg 50 comments https np.reddit.com/r/boomerhumour/comments/cjiyea/i_sent_this_to_my_baby_boomer_aunt_and_she_got
3 only 2000 bc boomers will remember https i.redd.it/44ye8bcxg5241.jpg 28 comments https np.reddit.com/r/boomerhumour/comments/e4tu7k/only_2000_bc_boomers_will_remember
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our current karma threshold of
in the meantime feel free to post your oc memes to r/specialsnowflake for a chance at getting whitelisted here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
he did leave it out all the other posters are bringing it up .
well given that many police cars we can rule out white collar crime billions in theft etc .
so that 's the mod that 's doing it to me .
i installed like 10 at once and have n't gone back to o figure it out .
did you try using a different emulator to see if the issue would still persist ?
this method fixed any of the games i previously had issues with .
the best piece of dating advice i 've ever heard was if she 's into you you 'll know ''
62 usd i think its by far to expensive compared to kingshark isn´t it ?
truck enforcement gantry is the official name and it is to force trucks to use north conex so the residents on phr will experience less noise and a safer road .
the old days where we used to revel in being favourites are gone .
i would recommend either incorporating it into the lever action into the front like a barrel stabilizer on the bottom or the top or making it part of the sights .
my dude i 'm not sure what i 've said that could justify this aggressive tone ?
nonetheless i think you might be misunderstanding the scope of my interactions with op there .
we were discussing whether or not the disinformation campaign existed and what efffect if any that had on the general election .
op contended that perhaps neither did in fact exist and i contended the opposite .
you seem to be insisting on finding offense in our discussion where none exists .
i in no way claim that the sole reason clinton lost was because of the disinformation efforts directed agaisnt her campaign and the dnc only that it was one of several contributing factors .
but it is also helpful to attempt to understand what lead to her defeat .
you 're just another who will eat right-leaning republican shit as long as it comes out the ass of democrat .
i have broken this down before but your ho hum i did n't say that is a stupid unwillingness i just ca n't even
personal insults are the last refuge of those supporting indefensible positions .
i bet you and i have the same goals if we differ on the paths we 'd chose to get there .
let 's try to be better to each other .
so i 'm guessing they use the plane for training simulations ?
there 's a fuck ton of ground to cover to the point i do n't think its fair generalizing all of it .
some are hundreds of episodes long and some are less than 20. some are action oriented and some are about romance .
despite the fucking weeb purists all over the internet always saying otherwise it usually is n't that bad and most of them do n't know good voice acting from bad anyways .
i will never not upvote this picture holy fuck lmaooooo
maybe we ll get people who want to do the job instead of doing it for the money .
money and quality doesnt always go hand in hand .
especially in jobs where there really is not much performance evaluation and seniority is purely based on number of years served .
finally a clear explanation to this specific type of pain
you do realize that post isnt what i 'm talking about .
i 'm on downvote timeout in news worldnews and politics .
just because you cant express a non left view without a ton of downvotes .
then you cant argue any points due to downvotes .
i 'm sorry but who is the ghoul behind trump in the thumbnail ?
he looks like someone sent their rebellious punk-rock 85-year-old to military school
nah i 'm saying the experience on psychedelics is the same mystical experience that religious and spiritual folks experience and i 'm wondering if any atheist have had this mystical experience on psychedelics and why we even have that potential anyway
i know in real life cats can give birth to one kitten at a time or have litters of multiple kittens .
pcs mom could 've had a few litters with multiple kittens and then pc could 've just been born alone .
i try not to but there have been some situations where i absolutely have to .
just have yo blast the music and roll down the windows .
never really played ivara i just got the prime what 's the loot thing ?
you are not making a point here my man .
it 's up to me to figure out '' they are dicks ''
i ask what would you feel if you were in op shoes and who the fuck is a tax expert ?
i have noticed certain trolls like stormcloak who just want to trigger and push others into certain discussions .
there has been an influx of trolls and alts .
i am not a big dany fan but this sub has had many good critical dany discussions in past .
so i kind of dis-agree that the sub hates dany as character but they certainly hate her actions and anyone who wants to whitewash her or blame her actions on every other character but her .
season 8 had it 's issues but this has been pointed and repeated in other hateful subs so much and so many times that people just tired to hear about it .
i think most people are mature enough to understand it was not perfect .
got fans have established themselves as one of the most toxic fan bases
when you go back to him fighting the androids time patroller trunks mentions it 's his timeline .
i thought the united kingdom and australia were beside each-other and were the same thing ... kinda like canada and us..
i got all the milestones by having 270 orange orbs saved leading into the event .
opened them all and everything after it started and got max rewards with 2 days to spare .
orange orbs give no uniques so you are n't hindering your progress by saving them .
my alliance clears t1 on u7 daily and t2 on greek raids and i already have 50 orange orbs saved .
i do n't think there 's a need to save anything else
he makes really great gmod stuff despite the advent of sfm .
he also specifically replicates kitty 's style as a sort of tribute .
no phil wanted a pick for taking rubio 's contract and minny said no only a straight swap .
phil agreed at the last second but minny changed their mind .
had no idea they made a show off of it cool find .
the dude who only played the e50m in pubs was literally the biggest weeb brony i 've ever met .
very well done subtle yet to the point while maintaining readability .
i was n't that keen on aquarius but bacurau was fantastic imo .
around 29 which is the height of the alex drawer i believe .
whenever the enemy '' has a small percentage of people doing something the ccp exaggerates it .
when hk calls for 5 demands a small portion want independence therefore the bandits in beijing think hk wants independence .
a small portion of japanese want the return of the empire therefore they think all japanese want the empire again .
on a funny note i think it 's interesting we only live an hour away from each other .
i will never forget reading this theory when facing a malicious predator my new slender powers i feels invincible
to start with it 's very old from july and we know the bios was crap back then .
on top of that he tested with a 3900x disabling cores .
that 's not ideal as it force too many hops through the infinity fabric which adds latency .
finally he seems to have picked mostly test that favor intel .
i subscribe to both subs like both product lines for different things
both communities say the exact same things about the other while also being what they accuse the other group of being .
that 's fine that 's why it 's a community .
but both groups need to not pretend they 're cut of a finer cloth .
guy in this post could have gotten a one day ban with a hey that 's not relevant to the question '' warning and it would have been fine .
i 'll look into the 970 pro never even seen an ssd that connects via pci-e i 'm a pretty big noob with computers .
so it looks like if i can budget it upgrade to a x5 portable upgrade the pc with a thunderbolt port and either the 860 or 970 pro .
data transfer is a hell of a lot more complicated than i thought .
i 'm such a star trek fan ! ! !
if i see it you got my vote ! !
i fantasia 'd back to miqo until they make viera able to wear more headgear .
i love the kitties but my character is a bunny and i wan na be a bunny .
let me wear more than three headgear square pls .
they do outlive a lot of their tank mates .
this one is chambered in .22lr which is a smaller rimfire cartridge .
fun for shooting but probably inadequate for defensive applications .
trying to find a better life for yourself is a dick move s
i 'll trade the rhyperior for a flame orb .
glad to hear i 'm not alone on this like i said not common knowledge to me the only reason this guy even know these terms is because u/smellys0cks probably got wrapped up in some kind of legal issue regarding this .
my girl friends in high school told me that if they sat on the toilet all day they could finish their period in 1 day .
the movie life and afterlife i died now what was very enlightening and reading nde 's people have experienced and they are all similar .
mostly i know it in my heart and my head and i can just feel it .
i could n't focus on what they were talking about for the entire time he was there because all i could think of was darryl from the office .
giannis is just not a shooter and never will be .
the root beer and cream soda are so good !
zevia does n't hurt my stomach like all the coke and pepsi products .
what 's that restaurant you like with all the goofy shit on the walls ?
i do n't think it would be possible to drop tune e to drop c it would have to be to a non-drop tuning .
but i agree an in game drop pedal would be amazing though considering decent ones irl cost hundreds of dollars i would be surprised if they could make it sound good in game .
and on a somewhat related note support for extended range guitars would be nice .
been looking for a trigger my 106 and 104 i got a g2 in my 106 how would you compare you 're to the g2 ?
burgers and shakes are great but the fries are just ... lackluster .
it 's delicate and thin with less robust zippers because it 's designed to be a super lightweight and packable warmth layer for not much more than sitting around at camp or during a stop .
i would n't use it for general casual use thorium ar would be more appropriate for that if you 're looking for a warm down piece from arc for more generalized use instead of strictly technical .
all madden is your players play stupid and their linebackers can jump 50 feet in the air
fiz was straight up bad but all smart knicks fans knew from the start that firing him was just shuffling chairs on the fucking titanic .
mills and perry need to be fired right now .
not after they can do even more damage to this team .
unfortunately your post has been removed because you do not meet our comment karma requirement .
just comment a bit more on reddit and you 'll be there in no time !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadjokes if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's too bad the world 's software publishers ca n't create the same quality in their products .
i want the person below me to act like they 're bullying a 5 year old .
i would but im trying to find a decent pattern for a thing i want to make and i dont think that would go well if i crossed my fingers
i posted in the episode reaction thread but the relic of creation is straight up flexing on the relic of knowledge .
jinn can only be used for 3 questions every 100 years and the relic of creation is just passively floating a city .
why do they do that for basketball but make it super sick for football ?
made out with a girl i had a major crush on .
it was my 16th birthday she was at my party it was my friend aj 's turn.. he looks at me with a big grin says well dude it 's your birthday..
i dare you to make out with kari '' .
he 'd known her since elementary school and knew she would n't back down from a dare .
but unfortunately she had a crush on one of my other friends that was at the party .
20 min slowed reverb epilepsy warning idk why he chose that gif https youtu.be/v4-mztpcstu
if you say i 'm a conservative '' or i 'm a liberal '' its now used as a shorthand to make assumptions about all the things you believe
yes because i 'm a conservative '' refers to a body of thoughts and beliefs .
it literally a statement about the things you believe .
if you do n't want to associate with that body of thoughts or beliefs ... .*do n't associate yourself with it .
for instance if you do n't want to associate yourself with trump or his supporters ... do n't vote for trump .
how was she able to prevent you from graduating ?
is n't that a thing the school/school board administers ?
or are you home-schooled as another method of control ?
there 's a lot of reading here about toxic family relationships that might help you
if you do n't think it 's an urgent need then crating her and ignoring when she whines will probably be the best bet .
otherwise she 's got you trained to wake up whenever she asks .
at 11 months she should definitely be able to sleep through the night .
you kids ever heard the word of our lord and savior jesus christ ?
i love aba for managing challenging behaviours but the way they get kids to acquire new skills is training not teaching .
i work with a lot of aba teams and i find them extremely resistant to recommendations even though i 'm part of the team as the communication expert and it 's all our jobs to collaborate depending on the team and their philosophy they sometimes flat out refuse to change what they 're doing and try a new approach with their communication goals .
even when they 've been doing it the same way for years with no progress even when the parents specifically hired me to adjust their programming .
we do n't do it like that is something i hear all the time .
i get a lot of pushback with aac because their entire field is based on skinner who died before aac was invented .
i 've had team members refuse to use the aac because it 's too hard for us to navigate we 're not used to doing that or he might lose his other skills and they ignore any research that i send them .
i think we clash a lot because our perspectives are so different but that 's part of working on an interdisciplinary team .
they have to be rigid or else the kids wo n't acquire the skills which kind of goes to show that they 're not really learning them .
they 've been trained to perform but they have no idea what they 're doing or why they 're doing it .
and that 's not even getting into all the reports from autistic adults who received aba as children and now have ptsd because of it .
i can do a fw update/upgrade with the cable in about 3-5 minutes and copy profiles off and on in a few seconds each .
plus getting it connected up is simpler than by bluetooth .
the bt dongle can do everything the cable does just the cable does it faster and with less fidgeting .
thanks for listening it means the world to us .
you have until 01/10 10:47 am est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20200110t154758 .
it 's 1st and 10 on the johnson c. smith 30 .
u/jaws1000 reply with run or pass and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' elsn8r ''
if two stop signs oppose eachother whoever got there first gets to go first just like a 4 way unless the traffic present does n't allow them to go .
my ram usage is nowhere near that i 'm at about 8gb .
even without dual channel should n't the 16 gb i have installed be sufficient ?
from what i 've researched dual channel typically gives you about 10 more fps at most so i would n't think this is causing the overall sub-par performance that i 'm experiencing ...
in a previous life i dealt with 1000s of televisions and that haze was specific to those with a film that was peeled off .
in my experience it would usually go away permanently after cleaning with a microfiber cloth and some screen cleaning solution .
it shipped today so if nothing else fails i 'll have it for the weekend .
one redditor wrote about our meet up and people said we were two losers making stories up so i just give up .
the real attacks will come via proxies in iraq and elsewhere .
it 's naive to think that trump scared him off .
maybe there is more than one single factor at play here ?
again the fact that they said they could n't do it is the issue .
they made excuse after excuse as to why they could n't have every single pokémon in the game .
guaranteed the whole dexit issue would n't have been an issue if it had been communicated
i know you 're saying it now because it 's obvious he did .
and chris wilson said on his facebook in march 19th 2018 that trump did n't know epstien .
so did nathan ivey on his twitter in april 4th 2019 .
user atoungedong said in a 2017 reddit comment too .
i mean i can just list random names of trump supporters i know that said he did n't know epstien if that 's what 'll really make you happy .
eat everything and have sex with anyone i damn well please .
they showed no respect for you during the interview process by insulting you and pouring water on you .
regardless of what their manager thought of you you 're not working with him directly and on a day-to-day basis .
you are working with the people who thought so little of you they did n't even ask if you were okay .
you were sick and should have rescheduled yes but that does n't excuse their behavior at .
okay but you said specifically that mega evolution was missed out .
doc told me it could take up to a year before it was fully healed .
it 's a year next month and it just stopped giving me pain recently .
i actually kinda liked suicide squad the story was complete crap but the characters are such a joy just watching interact with each other .
i loved the super in your face colourful style so i 'm glad they kept that aesthetic with this movie as well .
anything that has margot robbie starring as harley quinn will be a treat .
i 've seen a lot of people complaining that it 's more about her than the birds of prey but that does n't seem like a bad thing to me .
i 'm still kinda confused though why she 's involved with the birds of prey and not the gotham city sirens but whatever .
when i went to see star wars the other day i asked them in cinema if they would sell me a birds of prey poster sadly i was pretty much told to go fuck myself especially when i asked if they had a spare one for free lol .
unfortunately your account does not have enough karma both types there are two types of karma to submit things to r/videos at this time .
r/videos requires users to have a minimum of 10 link karma and 10 comment karma .
we suggest that you comment in some popular threads and make submissions to other subreddits to build up your karma and then come back .
we are sorry for any inconvenience caused and look forward to your submissions in the future .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
geralt kind of forgot that emyhr wanted to rape ciri
a literal 15-second google search tells me that there are about 39 grams of sugar in 12oz of coke vs 25 grams in 16oz of sweet tea .
also the study seems to be focussing on green tea in terms of the health benefits .
i get downvoted for saying fish is n't vegan .
this is why it 's so hard to order vegan food in non-vegan restaurants because so many people believe fish are vegetables .
i 'm even not sure whether it 's from condo association .
oh like a 15 year old bwm vw nissan or honda ?
in order to transfer old pokemon from past games you need bank as well .
home 's unknown price range but most likely x 5
you could just buy the nso for 20 bucks in hopes of someone trading something new to you .
kinda want him to use a flintlock and sword .
that would be a great idea and great some attention of a lot of people that do n't even play the game .
typically the author of an op-ed is not the one who writes the headline .
it 's the wall street journal so it 's likely that the headline writer is anti-protectionist .
he 's saying that everyone should pay more for steel products just to enrich him .
i 'm sure steelworkers think that 's a great deal because it increases demand for their services .
but most of us work for other businesses and most of those businesses need things that are made from steel .
so for most workers the steel tariffs decrease demand for their services and help stagnate wages while creating inflation .
you realize that not only did we have a different coach not only did we have a different gm we literally had a different owner in 2011 .
that 's like walking into a new store and saying man i do n't like what you 're doing because the last store here did something similar and it did n't work .
urias does not have anywhere near the ceiling of rizzo .
he will be a at best a good defensive shortstop who can get on base if he can hit a fastball .
i pinged a user and i pinged a subreddit .
edit aside from the pinned stuff on the user scrolling through the past two or three pages turns up nothing of nudity that they 've posted .
on the subreddit it 's not at all about nudity though occasionally something gets in there .
i think you just either have n't actually looked or you 're assuming a ton .
as a person who loves kangaroos i 'm very pleased .
i have like 50 kangaroos on my steam profile if you do n't believe in this love 🦘
there are healthy ways to lose weight starvation is n't it .
you could have typed yes or no in place of the whole sentence .
make sure you let him get as low on health as possible before he uses the decoy and then allow him to defeat you .
if he uses the decoy and then defeats you this will not work
you are correct in a sense ask siri when world war 3 started .
thanks for your submission but a post about this topic has already been made in recent days .
aluthol lets out a noise somewhere between a purr and a hum and settles down on the bed .
if bendi has any sense left she feels the covers pulled over her strong arms around her and maybe just maybe as kiss to the top of her head .
thanks for the tip that was part of the reason for wanting to hit the road early and avoid the i5 around seattle for rush hour .
i 've been there in the past through it and it was brutal .
i did n't think about the portland area thought ... might be hard to time both properly but i 'll look into it .
i 'm having trouble hitting that sweet spot between barely there '' and hooker . ''
if the dude did n't keep his cash under his mattress and has a bank account he wouldnt have lost any money .
as for the house have you heard of insurance ?
at 36 years old i still ca n't hear for baby for bobbie by john denver without involuntarily crying .
i was even in the middle of work in a car dealership 's showroom when i inadvertently started listening to it and boom instant tears i could n't stop .
i also ca n't listen to flogging molly play if i ever leave this world alive at one of their shows without crying because it reminds me of my friend that pretty much got me into listening to them in the first place .
i used to not be able to even hear the recorded version dry-eyed but at a live show the band 's energy just makes me break down .
weirdly polynesian/hawai'ian music makes me teary even when it 's happy like we know the way from moana but especially when the singing is not english .
a couple more happy cry '' songs are slim jim and the seven-eleven girl and shine on both of which are by gaelic storm .
as for chills almost any song played with uilleann pipes also sometimes called irish bagpipes cause a significant reaction especially if i 'm hearing it through headphones .
scottish bagpipes cause it too but on a more subdued scale .
her eyes know you her if you love her soul
not a website but i played sims 3 for daaaayss .
well they would be even madder at 3rd versions so i get them as well .
how are you upholding laws if you are n't following those laws ?
picking and choosing when to break them is neutral disregarding them completely is chaotic
let us all give the gift of a hot cocoa sampler box
if you installed the dch drivers you need to get it from the windows store now .
i know its an old post and i know its not a black and white issue ... .
but all i see is that someone used a printer to tell people to use the printer less ... ..
i live in idaho and if i was n't still in school i would have driven the 10 hours hands down .
guess you missed dozens more sources but you have no counter fucking lol
fear seeping into every other emotion is something i did n't realize until i read this it really opened my eyes to the fact that.. yeah my fear does infringe upon other emotions and that brings fear to think about but i suppose it 's a good thing to be afraid sometimes.. something about our instinct and our natural fear for some things makes me feel safer like my brain is protecting me.. maybe i sound crazy .
i enjoyed this i hope to run across more work from you !
there 's quite a few games like this from what i 've seen .
in bubble bobble revolution one of the bosses in the early levels of the game just never spawns and you ca n't progress .
you actually we t out there searched it up and wasted your time 😂👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼 congrats
i 'd like to see a piranha-evolved happy or maybe a clown fish !
when everything is snow covered and it 's a clear day it 's one of the most beautiful sights .
i have always lived where it snows and i 'm in my 30 's and still look out and see the beauty of it .
it 's also really fun when you are a child .
but shoveling walking brushing off your car and driving in the snow is not fun .
it 's 1.4 solar masses if we are measuring the result of a novae .
since these two neutron stars absorbed each other this would be considered a type i supernova .
you have a disease which needs to be treated with meds .
thank them for giving you a new lease of life .
there is no rush to stop your meds anyway it can only be done by slowly tapering them off and lots of monitoring and follow ups .
i found my bio mom with ancestry and pretty much everyone else because of that .
that was a year ago and i 'm still processing everything .
did n't really work out as i 'd hoped .
tread carefully remember that you 're finding people that have no idea it 's coming .
yeah i heard that williams lk spring was pretty good .
i was there for summer trees this year i was pretty disappointed at how much of a gong show it was particular on a mgmt side of things .
also theft and violence have no place in camp anywhere anytime simple as that .
a slightly camp looking sort of waiter at a london restaurant
miracles has a discord which i think has been linked here in the past .
ur delver i would assume has one or at the very least there likely exists a delver discord .
i 'm on mobile so i 'm not too sure of the links for either but they shouldnt be too difficult to find .
hate to give away secrets but yeah there are some good ones .
most are n't super big same for the sunfish but plentiful .
the past few winters crews have netted and removed a ton of carp so i think the lake quality has greatly improved .
there are also a lot of bass mostly smaller but still fun to catch some notherns of decent size and supposedly the elusive walleye though some guys i talked to recently witnessed a walleye being caught so it 's not bs that they 're there .
i 've been tempted to mod in decos but i think having nothing to chase would make me bored with the game
if you had a a proper american education you would know that you are right
but i also think different hair color would suit you better maybe even just different type of blond more natural tone
we also had a 30-day ban and it ended up kind of backfiring .
by the time the ban was lifted and we found the venue we wanted our date was n't available 15 months in advance ! ! ! .
so i only caution against it for that reason .
it 's engagement season and stuff gets booked fast right now
when i was 12 or 13 i had a dream that there was a demon under my bed who would get me if i tried to get up or shout for my mammy .
what made it more intense were he knew i knew he was there but just lay in wait for me to get up rather than just attacking me .
took me a hot minute after i woke up to realise it was n't real .
that paralysing fear and gut wrenching sense of helplessness still haunts me sometimes .
the paint looks thick in these photos but its not .
if you 're decent i can definitely add you to my league
yes we know what wholesome meansbut also yuri have their own definition .
yuri is japanese term for lesbian woman and lesbian relationships in general whether sexual or romantic and does not mean lesbian porn specifically .
1 conducive to or suggestive of good health and physical well-being .
while i agree with you but it 's not really ecchi stuff otherwise i would label it as nsfw .
along with the rest of history you were n't old enough to experience .
i mean no but go ahead and derive meaning to fit your narrative .
i bought a chanel lipstick because the shade name is my irl name .
it 's a great color on me no regerts !
... and if trump needed justification to go to war i 'm sure we could think of something ''
i watched the video and i do n't think this is an accurate representation of what he was describing or at least it has the potential to be read incorrectly .
it seemed to me someone correct me if i 'm hearing it wrong like he was saying that people in the briefing were asking the administration reps for an example of a scenario in which they would think it was necessary to get congressional approval for taking military action and the administration could n't come up with anything in the moment adding i 'm sure we could think of something.
in other words to my understanding the something they 're saying they could think up is a situation in which we would bother trying to get congress 's approval beforehand.
so ... it 's possibly worse than how the tweet quoted above represented it .
a kid dressed as orange cassidy gets a loud pop shows how over cassidy is .
well last year scott brooks barely played him and stuck in him g-league most of the season and this season he 's been getting a lot more minutes with all the injuries but surprisingly he plays better coming off the bench than starting .
as a starter he 's averaging 6/5/2 on 36/18/75 and a 40 ts
as a reserve 13/6/2 on 51/38/79 and a 60 ts
it does n't help that macy 's website is horrible !
so if the physical stores go i will not be shopping online with them .
i was way off not since the 80 's lol not the 30s
live in a house with four adults and 1 full bath and it 's easy because we all shower at different times .
9:3 is honestly a more luxurious ratio than i have .
plus the draft is a quick way to get the population to oppose your stupid wars .
while a volunteer army can be tossed in all sort of hell holes without much protestation .
googled it does n't show too much blood from afar .
without your description i ca n't even know organs spilled .
or i just did n't find the correct videos/pictures .
accounts with low karma are not allowed to post in r/ifyouhadtopickone .
please participate elsewhere on reddit before trying to post here .
for obvious reasons we do not disclose karma limits .
we do not make exceptions so please do not ask .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ifyouhadtopickone if you have any questions or concerns .
bring a cordless drill/driver and some of these https www.bunnings.com.au/whites-wires-15pk-screw-in-tent-pegs_p3042468 otherwise you will never get your tent pegs into the ground
i 've struggled with tent pegs so much over here .
the ground back home is far softer/soggier and it 's more snow anchors you need at times to get a grip .
i personally think the native allies of the spanish should take more if not all the credit .
yes spain united them but it what there numbers that made it possible .
thanks for giving me a chance to draw her https imgur.com/a/mpok3bj
it 's a world where domination is key to survival .
shut the fuck up i 'm killing myself and that 's final ...
i 'll let my friends know and we will see what we can do .
is the rv spot a nice size for a car and a few canopy 's ?
also can you compare rv camping vs ga camping ?
i 'm just wondering how much of a different experience it is .
i could be wrong but that was my first guess .
extensive experience with that airline direct flights are not generally substantially more expensive than other carriers .
i 've always avoided taking southwest because i never found their fares to be competitive aside for the 39 one-way sales .
what routes do you fly that southwest ends up being on par ?
i do n't recall but cupping is supposed to be therapeutic for blood circulation .
yeah so i always felt weird how they shared an ultimate .
yah the map outrage was a bunch of bs .
i played through fc4 extensively and not once while i was tracking across primal with my spear did i think wait i 've seen this before .
i decided to pick up primal after a reviewer i like gave it a thumbs up .
prehistory stuff is rare and i like it so i was interested .
in the review he said that turing off the hud made a world of difference so i tried it .
it was so good that after missing 2 of 3 arrow headshots i turned the crosshairs on but it felt like such an affront to the immersion i turned them back off and dealt with it .
one of the most unique experiences i 've had despite following the typical game progress format of far cry and assassin 's creed .
if someone else gave the answer please reply directly to their comment in order to have the point awarded .
if you found it yourself no action needs to be taken .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tipofmytongue if you have any questions or concerns .
oh i get it you are an edgy teenager who doesnt care about anything ... how unique
this benefit often extends to your family as well .
my friend and his sister went to hofstra university in ny for free because their dad was a janitor .
he worked as a delivery driver and volunteer fireman for 20 years and when his kids got to be almost college aged he quit and took up a job cleaning toilets .
he put both kids through school for free and when they graduated he retired .
yes this is my plan as well still using a 529 just in case though
i think this is one of those campaigns that you will shine more as a buffer and utility more than anything .
even if what you are saying is true how does that make the unlawful detention of millions ok in china ?
i 'm not supporting the crimes the us has committed .
my point is deflecting does not help or change the situation in china .
there are an estimated 1.5 million in chinese concentration camps .
how the fuck are you trying to deflect against the crimes against millions ? !
you are the same as the nazi apologists in the 30s and 40s and you should be ashamed of yourself .
so i saw that silver is the best conductors for electricity but is there an alloy that has a better conductivity rate ?
spc here promotion board in february can someone comment a link to the most recently updated version of the nco guide for me ?
i 'm having trouble finding it ... unless the most recent update was dec 2002 ... also any general advice for the promotion board would help .
edit nvm im an idiot ... . found the 01/01/2020 update on army pubs for tc 7-22.7however i would still appreciate any general advice for the promotion board .
what 's up i 'm a producer/engineer and slam/deathcore vocalist in atlanta/dekalb gwinnett county if anyone plays 7-string or 8-string electric guitar let me know in the comments below let 's work !
i talk about one-shots and how you can make them feel more like a campaign .
oklahoma city thunder guard shea gilgeous-alexander 93 and center steven adams 95 launched their squad up the charts .
watching adams slowly grow into a game of thrones character has been one of my favorite nba subplots .
she texted me last night and wanted to hang out today it 's been a bit over an hour past when we were gon na hang out and she has n't answered today .
here 's the current inheritance relationships between these classes this is for a coursera course so might be familiar to some
the point of this exercise is to use java 's comparable interface .
the difficulty i 'm having is the implementation of its int compareto method and getting it to work with a method in the earthquakecitymap class called private void sortandprint int numtoprint .
earthquakecitymap keeps track of all earthquake markers in a private instance list marker variable .
marker is an interface in the unfoldingmaps api http unfoldingmaps.org/javadoc/index.html we 're using .
so earthquakemarker landquakemarker and oceanquakemarker are all part of this class inheritance hierarchy .
knowing that i know we can use polymorphism and convert between object types within this hierarchy in order to use certain features of the class .
the problem statement says to convert the list marker quakemarkers to an array using list.toarray .
from what i understand this method returns an an array whose elements are objects which in this case they 'd be of type marker references to subclasses oceanquakemarker or landquakemarker since the code that initialized them was
the problem i 'm having is that quakemarkers.toarray returns object .
but the formal parameter for the compareto method in class earthquakemarker is earthquakemarker marker .
i know i can cast but is n't it bad to cast when narrowing '' from super class to a subclass ?
should it be stored as such object newarrvar toconvertlist.toarray then i could cast this to any subclass as needed ?
hey everyone hope yall had an enjoyable christmas celebration and new years debauch .
so lets get right into tonights tale of woe .
we had a crane company come in and set up a massive crane to swap out some a/c units on the roof of the hospital .
entrance to accommodate the crane and the adjacent parking area as well .
this gave me an opportunity to rack up some much needed overtime and i jumped on it .
it was easy work i just had to ensure that nobody took up space for more than a couple of minutes in the ambulance bay and direct traffic and make sure nobody walked around the crane and hang out with the pretty young techs that were posted there to wheel chair people in as needed .
well the first day went by fine only had to get into a spirited discussion '' with one drugged up less than proper gentleman but the second night man shit .
now friends if you see orange cones set up with caution tape stretched out from one end of the lot to the other cordoning off an area does n't that make you think hmm maybe we are n't supposed to be in this area ?
well for several members of the public apparently this was to wild an idea .
i caught roughly twelve people that had either stepped over or ducked under the tape trying to walk through the restricted area to get to the er .
well we did n't see a sign saying not to come through here . ''
the orange fucking tape was the sign genius ! !
i was polite the first couple of times but as the night wore on and the temperature dropped i started calling people out on their bullshit and damn the customer service .
you literally had to duck under the tape that blocked this area off to get here .
still fairly polite wording but the tone was cold and angry .
i get they were trying to get to the er but there was a very clear way to get there without getting near the restricted area and there were two guards and a tech hanging around to guide them .
i have been breeding a little too much for my boxes to handle so clearing some of my boxes so i can breed more
all r 4/5 random perfect iv with mixed natures in either ultra/heal/premier ball some is carrying pokerus
if u are curious y is the natures mixed i was planning to breed for a 6 perfect iv rhyhorn sizzlipede and a shiny milcery and then change its nature with a mint if it is n't right
i will still be breeding for more sizzlipede cus i have n't get a perfect one but i need to clean my boxes then i start breeding again i have rhyhorn and milcery already so i m not breeding anymore of them
comment below in this format no limit to how many pokemon u can take
i will comment once i ready to trade and like the post if i saw it
are you looking for the best walk-in medical urgent care in palm bay ?
restore health urgent care provides convenient and affordable healthcare services for non-life threatening illnesses and medical conditions .
so today when i woke up i felt weird on my heart .
i feel like stretching it like how we stretch other muscles .
joseph joestar has both his tommy gun cracker volley a dozen grenades and hermit purple despite being 19 years old .
jonathan joestar has the sword 'luck and pluck ' .
i spent 50k on terra and aqua hahaha no mercy but i dont event know how i could get the terra ventus aqua medal so my question is that how ?
trying to get our monthly listener numbers up if you can just listen to any track for 30 seconds that would be lovely !
i 'm making an application with opengl to load 3d models from files and want to implement various lighting and staging features to preview models with a nicer presentation like cube maps reflections etc .
what i 'm not so sure about is how one achieves this infinite room '' look that is mapped with various tones .
the background is basic but there 's a bunch of subtle things going on .
the right area has a shadowy streak and forms kind of a halo guess the main light is a spotlight ?
is it achieved with a few spotlights with a very soft falloff ?
would an ambient lighting cubemap give this kind of effect ?
ca n't tell if it 's just a planar reflection with a gaussian blur or if it 's an effect of radiosity based light emission .
so like many of y'all i 'm now highly suspicious of ppl who exhibit even a hint of cluster b or pd-adjacent behavior .
i 'm relatively early in my healing journey and have reached the paranoia stage !
anyway i get a little worried about some of my celeb faves sometimes but one in particular i just realized she ca n't have bpd .
her personality is so distinct and consistent and she 's fucking hilarious .
and i came to realize i do n't think it 's actually possible for people with bpd to be funny ?
like have y'all ever met one that 's funny—on purpose ?
my ubpd mom makes me laugh bc she does goofy awkward or neurotic shit but it 's never on purpose .
my grandmother even pointed out to me once how my mom has no sense of humor .
maybe i 'm being too mean but i truly can not think of a single intentionally funny pwbpd .
also i tagged this post humor bc i could n't settle on something else and i noticed that we rbbs must love funny shit so much bc humor is listed twice in the flair menu !
your always thought to stand in the stance appropriate to your dominant hand is their any benefit to standing in the wrong stance ''
i enabled dx12 while in the game which it allowed me to do which then prompted me to restart .
upon trying to relaunch the game it gives me an error and says it is n't supported then closes the game .
is there a way for me to disable dx12 from outside of the game or will i never be able to load the game again ?
im not too familiar with all the class combos and best fits for an assassin .
right now i got 3 lvls into rouge assassin then 3 lvls into ranger glomstalker ?
the one that gives you pseudo invisibility in the dark but i 'm not sure what to do next .
i should note that i am not opposed to changing the classes if there are better options and i want her to be range based .
the campaign starts at lvl 6 and will also be going to lvl 20 we hope .
if you go on your twitter app it 's still there but click on it and it says failed to load .
also i copied the link and put it in my browser and it says the tweet is n't available .
i am wondering if there is even such a thing as a small form factor case that will hold a regular atx motherboard .
believe it or not this is my second time playing mass effect and going to be my first official run through the whole trilogy .
i made the decision to romance liara through the whole trilogy and i was wondering if there was a way to let ash down easy so i can still learn more about her backstory .
so are there any code vein players out there ?
i made a cool bayonet build that i absolutely fell in love with and i 'd thought i 'd just share it here .
hero 's howl stat must be in hero of many battles form !
the user howls to call its sister thus raising either its defense if zaican or attack if zazamenta
the user howls to raise its fighting spirit raising its attack sharply if zaican or defense sharply if zazamenta
does n't matter what time of day does n't matter what servers .
if i solo queue i can never find an unranked game .
it 's gone for over an hour many times .
however if i queue in a party then i can find a game like normal .
i 'm trying to figure out the name of a show an old cartoon that scared me as a child .
i can only remember one episode and the details are vague .
all i remember is that two character that i believe we 're white animals female and british accidentally wrecked someone cauliflower patch .
the patches owner then gets mad at the characters doing something i do n't remember but it scared the living hell out of me .
this episode came on after i watched a movie and i could n't fall asleep when it was on .
if anyone has information about this please let me know !
hello i was wondering if it 's normal for this game to take a painfully long time to install/download .
i even tried disabling bitraider and enabling p2p but does n't seem like it 's working .
in the bounty hunter campaign she is the apprentice to the jedi you kill at the end of your story mission .
you can spare her then but than i had to kill her on quesh .
this high school is the one that i attended and the current principal is someone who i had a great relationship with during my years there .
i have wanted to teach there after i graduate for a long time now and i 'm mulling over possibly sending an email to the principal to express my interest in having an in-person meeting during which i 'd tell him how passionate i am about wanting to teach there someday and to ask that he keeps me in mind if anything comes up or at the very least hopefully i can make a good impression and show my ambition .
i 'm a freshman in college now so i would n't do this just yet probably but i 'm thinking around the time i finish up my sophomore year or the beginning of junior year .
has anyone done or heard of someone doing this ?
would this come off as strange in any way ?
so for backstory i 'm pretty new and was asking in region chat if someone had a rhino prime that i could buy and a mr27 told me he had one and basically gave it to me for free because he only asked for 1 p and justified it by saying he likes to help new players .
well i get some random guy to take me to the planets to get rhino primes resources to build him and then i then go to the eidolon planes for the quest where you help those two people open some safe .
i ended up getting like 3 messages asking how i got rhino prime and i 'm confused because i thought rhino was a basic character but i guess i was wrong so is he a rare find or something ?
join me as i continue the build from last week !
bought some new switches this time since the box burnt orange did n't really work out for me last week !
i really wan na go to a petting zoo .
i never really got to when i was young because my parents are garbage .
the only problem is now i 'm 19 and it feels like it would be strange to have an adult with tattoos and piercings going around and petting goats and stuff .
am i too old or am i overthinking it ?
i do n't care about iv 's i will breed it
player takes a double minor resulting in their 4th and 5th minor penalties of the game .
this should result in a game misconduct and player should be immediately substituted .
player is then assessed a misconduct for 'abuse of officals . '
the player now has 5 minor penalties and a misconduct .
there is no game misconduct on the official sheet .
i know i need to go to my league to correct this as the player should be suspended from their next game but what is the end state of this ?
does the 'abuse of officials ' still stand after the player should have already been removed ?
can you assess a misconduct for 'abuse of officials ' without an accompanying unsportsmanlike or bench minor ?
this is the 22807th time i made this shitty comment .
i 've had a windows engineer give me a vm running windows server 2019 and it 's not currently activated .
the vm is used in a context where its in our dmz and isolated from internet access and firewalled from most of our domain infrastructure including i presume whatever domain member server we 've got set up to listen to and handle volume license activation of ms office and windows .
find out what box and port windows is looking to contact in order to validate its volume license information and ensure our network guys open the right firewall port .
find out if we have an alternate product key for server 2012 that is n't a volume license one and will allow me to call microsoft 's automated product activation phone line and follow that method .
my preferred option would be to determine what firewall rules might need to be amended to allow the server to to this itself as there will be surely more cases like this server in future .
trade offers if any kind are accepted i would prefer caps starting at the least 5k
i went to the arm of the arm of vezitinen https nomanssky.gamepedia.com/the_arm_of_vezitinen at 042f:0078:0d55:0000 and came to hub1-1 tepper but did n't see anything listed on gamepedia for it .
i also have a large farm only 8000ly from 042f:0078:0d55:0000 would that be considered in the hub ?
welcome to the best chinese massage in woking located in the heart of surrey .
we offer a range of chinese full body massages and treatments from our fully trained masseuses .
so it turns out that walking and running should burn like 4x to 8x more calories than you already burn in game .
i also made it so your carried weight including bionics installed affects how many calories you burn .
this should help a lot with the people who struggle with obesity !
please take a gander at the attached documentation in the pull request .
leader skill '' super saiyan 2 '' category ki 3 atk hp and def 170 or movie heroes '' category ki 3 and atk hp and def 150
links all in the family z-fighters kamehameha saiyan warrior race the saiyan lineage golden z-fighter fierce battle
categories hybrid saiyan full power transformation boost movie heroes goku 's family youth ssj1 ssj2 bonds of master and disciple kamehameha
leader skill '' super saiyan 2 '' category ki 3 atk hp and def 170 or movie heroes '' category ki 3 and atk hp and def 150
passive atk def 100 hybrid saiyans '' or movie heroes '' category allies ' ki 1 and atk def 30 when facing only 1 enemy or ki 2 and atk def 40 when facing 2 or more enemies or ki 3 and atk def 50 when facing 3 or more enemies
active skill transform when hp is 70 or less starting from the 4th turn from the start of battle or transform when hp is 70 or below against a galactic warrior enemy
links all in the family super saiyan saiyan warrior race kamehameha prepared for battle golden warrior fierce battle
categories hybrid saiyan full power transformation boost movie heroes goku 's family youth ssj1 ssj2 bonds of master and disciple kamehameha
leader skill '' super saiyan 2 '' category ki 3 atk hp and def 170 or movie heroes '' category ki 3 and atk hp and def 150
super attack greatly raises atk for 1 turn causes immense damage to enemy and greatly lowers enemy def
passive ki 3 and atk def 140 medium chance to guard all attacks performs a critical hit when there is a galactic warriors '' category enemy immune to stunning effects
links all in the family super saiyan saiyan warrior race kamehameha prepared for battle golden warrior fierce battle
categories hybrid saiyan full power transformation boost movie heroes goku 's family youth ssj1 ssj2 bonds of master and disciple kamehameha
galactic warriors category would include fighters from space different dimensions .
those are just a quick few characters off the top of my head .
this is my first go at something like this and thought i 'd join in the fun .
a lot of streamers play him and the opposing team runs him often too .
i know we are all memeing about the legs but it really seems to me as if he works a good amount of the time .
i am only in gold and i know things are different down here but i feel really comfortable playing him too .
if the team helps a bit the new weaker shields are gone really quickly and the burst from the rockets can really fuck flankers up .
i am just wondering if all the memes cover up the fact that soldier is actually not too bad rn .
edit i also feel like the presence of bap helps soldier in a way .
on your own team he synergizes well with window and if the opposing bap uses lamp out in the open you can kill it more or less instantly with rocket plus a few shots .
i have 20x 5 enfamil coupons that expire 1/31 .
our baby likes similac so we do n't need them .
i 'm really feeling down now and need to know why should i love myself in the first place ?
when no one around me really cares about me and i am still not able to love myself nor surpass social anxiety ...
but please do n't say love yourself just because you exist or are a human being '' because those are not good enough reasons .
to increase the san performance i 've added two pci-e ssd 's as slog and this works great using iscsi sync=always set on the pool .
i used to see that you should mirror these but i 've also seen a lot of do n't bother '' .
to add to this i think adding two log devices in freenas which is how i created the pool stripes them d'oh can anyone confirm/deny this and how would i actually mirror them ?
most people i 've encountered who avoid the 9 till 5 managed it because mum and dad paid their expenses after 18 .
i lived off welfare and spent my first few years outta home mucking about in theatre .
for those of you that did n't 'traditionally ' work after school how 'd you survive and what did you get up to ?
ok there we have this new top champion sett .
his kit is straight and he´s a pure frontlaner/melee with low engagement tools and nearly zero escaping tools .
so my question what to do if you are first pick and the enemy counter picks with a ranged teemo quinn ... or mage champ ?
maybe he´s in a better position as jungler especially with his r spell like i.e .
i was from the x before this beast and oh my god .
i started off with a 100 at 8:21am and now it 's almost 7pm and i 'm only at 66 .
i was in the youtube land finding the proper charging habit .
i do n't carry a portable charger anymore since the iphone x but i carry a power brick and cable instead .
1. to get it plugged in at any opportunity you can
2. drain it or get it to low power mode and then charge it
i 've ditched the 5w charger since 2017 and switch to the ipad 's 12w .
the 18w is tantalising but for the price i 'm kinda happy with my 12w .
i know its hard for most and my only goal is to connect and spread awareness about mental health .
oblit 's fleshmetal guns d3 stat rolls are rolled when the unit is 'chosen ' to shoot in the shooting phase .
the iron warriors strat rampant techno virus 1cp reroll all the d3s for the weapons has to be used before that to be useful of course .
where its not clear to me is with other strats that are used when a unit is chosen to shoot .
most importantly veterans of the long war which reads 'use this stratagem when a heretic astartes infantry or biker unit is selected to attack in a shooting or fight phase . '
1 cp 1 to wound rolls for the phase .
this also applies to the tank hunters strat 1cp reroll all wounds from the selected iw unit vs that vehicle target for the phase
so my question is at what point are you forced to choose whether or not to use veterans ?
a specific example where this is relevant is getting a damage characteristic of 1 even after the reroll .
if i have 2 units of 3 oblits and i want to maximise their damage it makes sense to use votlw on a unit that has at least d2 so i 'd rather wait and see if the second unit gets a better damage stat .
do i have to declare votlw before or after i roll for their stats ?
as far as i can tell its a question as to whether 'selected ' or 'chosen ' has priority in the order of things .
the rule book only refers to 'choosing ' units to shoot with when discussing the shooting phase .
if there 's no specific order to these then it makes oblits even better especially when taken in multiple units as you can more reliably use a unit with better damage rolls .
this is the 22894th time i made this shitty comment .
my relative 's house was quite far away from the office and i was finding it very difficult to reach the office on time .
hence i was thinking about finding a house for rent in bangalore https housing.com/rent/house-for-rent-in-bangalore-karnataka-m2p38f9yfbk7p3m2h1f that is near to my office .
i have even asked my colleagues and they were all giving me contact details of property agents .
but none of these property agents were able to help me as they were charging high fees .
i was in a complete mess and was not even able to focus on my work .
this is when a friend of mine asked me to search the website of housing.com http housing.com .
i bought the bottle from ici paris so i assume it 's legit .
when googling this i also came across nose blindness but can this really be it after one day ?
i must say that after an hour i absolutely smell nothing not on my clothes or hands when i touch my neck either
i 've only used invictus and diesel before and never had this problem .
initial starting a conversation i still do n't know how to do it
you do what you need to do to keep unwanted men away from you .
nothing works 100 percent of the time but every woman i know has a plethora of avoidance strategies .
you 're right i could probably have purchased each game at a lower price but as isoldasnake mentioned it 's nice to have the same seat and post season right opening day and hopefully all-star .
that 's all relative everything can be viewed as a waste if you 're cynical .
i ment some damn good looking guys my age and i feel idk ?
why close on the two biggest retail days of the week ?
surely there must be some kind of way they 're making money because of it .
i feel like i just saw a film that is very special .
a film that is going to be remembered for a very long time .
memes image macros overused jokes or any casual low effort editing of non related images or videos and relating them to apex should go to r/apexoutlands .
this means that there should be substantial original work put in .
as an example a high quality comic about the game drawn from scratch would be permitted whereas a comic that 's just official artwork cut and pasted onto a template is not .
if you would like better clarification you can see our full list of rules here .
https www.reddit.com/r/apexlegends/wiki/rules if you need further assistance please message the moderators https old.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fapexlegends with a link to your post .
failure to include a link to your post will result in the modmail being ignored .
isnt the praise more for bucking the trend and societal pressures ?
taking drugs in one form or another is socially acceptable and encouraged while conversely we 're constantly bombarded with messaging regarding ideal body types etc which to be perfectly fair can be cultural .
no it just sounds like someone is negligent of doing any work in starting a business and is saying okay !
do it for me ! with no direction what so ever
it was super close so i excitedly hurried over .
there no reason to label the time lines and there 's no reason not too .
it ultimately does n't add much or take much away other than exposition .
since the plot is about the 3 characters interactions and the court politiking is merely a back drop .
its similar to the complaint that viewers could n't orient themselves well without a map .
there 's only 3 perspective characters and 2 of them just rove around the world aimlessly before finally all meeting at the same time and place .
it does n't matter 1 jot where yennifer and geralt are only that they happen to be together at that particular moment .
i have n't listened to the latest episode but every other one .
he does n't know all the current storylines and he 's a bit stuck in his own era but it 's nothing bad .
and yeah he mispronounces lana but it 's not a big deal .
probably not at the point where i could vote for him without feeling guilt but he 's tolerable and certainly a better alternative to probably any democratic candidate from an ancap perspective
i sent them a text message my power company sent my wife saying we reported an outage and it 's fixed now
i was n't there but your words made me feel like i was .
if you were here on or before new years you have a new years present in your inventory !
or you blame iran because they killed an american contractor and attacked a us embassy which prompted the us to finally retaliate to their aggression .
because you know they 've been doing shit like the above for several years now .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
there 's a few brand new ones on reverb for 55ish .
it 's been bumped down my priority list a few notches .
i 've got a surplus of dirt right now .
honestly these days game lenghts are a bit of turn-off for me if they 're significantly longer than 20-30 hours .
when i 'm engaged or feeling comfortable or playing my piano or guitar or having to concentrate on anything i do n't tic .
and you because you went way overboard and made a decision with a long lasting impact .
one that will have many negative consequences for your daughter .
and good luck maintaining a good relationship with her after this .
i just choose to do it less now days .
dr. luther because i 'm actually going to watch his matches unless lx does a takeover .
catch 100 charmanders so the catching circle gets green for every ball .
they just did not address it for ages because racism .
use truffle oil and like maybe some feta and lamb .
i know the alert is gone for a tornado warning but looking outside in katy i see several dark clouds scattered around .
i made it about 5 min before i tapped out
honestly you are the type of customer us retail workers want to go above and beyond for .
when i have people like you come in i will do anything i possibly can for them .
show em how a real hanger handles a coat .
grizzlies are 7-4 in their last 11 games 1 game difference only
anyways if you ever see a guy named flea just say hi i always like meeting new people lol
he does for the first 9 issues but it 's a different design by gary frank .
the bat is smaller and has a different shape .
he changes to a normal black bat after his yellow oval suit gets wrecked .
then in issue 12 the tease for the future has him with the 3 jokers version by fabok .
were flying in so we wont have a car nor do i want to drive there .
i get it the looks resemble the ones of a calendar but this obviously is none .
could be that ravaa told the avatars to just not die in the avatar state
your husband needs to understand that it is n't your fault and he sounds like a total dick .
i 'd forgotten you 'd said it was n't your first language until i read a comment .
it sounds like you had an amazing first day coped with adversity really well and you 'll be great in whatever you choose to aim for x
but does it also work in async contexts like tokio on futures streams ?
do n't feel pressured to answer that just expressing the complications that i feel in the current ecosystem
select is my favourite part of go by how easy it was to use and how it worked with everything .
rust is definitely still catching up in the ergonomics department here .
would the strikes have occurred if there was n't an attack on a us embassy ?
ultimately what it boils down to is you 're defending the actions of a terrorist .
trump decided enough was enough and with intel and the given situation he decided to take action .
you completely abate your own argument when you bring up that nonsense .
like it or not this just shows how inept iran 's military is .
they made this fatal error that cost the lives of innocent people many being their own .
to blame this on trump is a diluted argument and only shows how one dimensional and biased your analysis of the situation is .
if you hate it so much why are you commenting on a fortnite post ?
i think impeachment is the right way to go but i do not think that we should have any illusions that it 's necessarily going to be successful andrew yang
but democrats should not be obsessed with impeachment b/c the republican-controlled senate will defend trump and make the impeachment fail .
this is honestly the best i really want to make some thc tincture cocktails and have one of these boards
do n't buy the cheapest stuff and you should be fine .
i 'm in an illegal state and i never stopped smoking the piss water carts from around here .
if i lived in minnesota or texas though maybe i 'd play it safe a little while longer .
anyone selling the vitamin e cuts have long since removed them and its generally not great business to kill your customers so i doubt anyone is using it .
nvm it was only 55 people total out of millions of users .
you are probably more likely to be bit by a shark if you live in the middle of the country
whenever i play late at night i usual get matched with middle east servers or sometimes some eu servers .
i have played against some very chill and funny turkish players and almost everyone on my team seemed to gel with each other and had fun .
so maybe u should be a tiny bit more introspective before calling others for racially profiling you ?
though i get where u r coming from ... the number of times i have heard some lame ass curry jokes atleast make it something funny and novel .
i have rufflet and togepi need throh and sallazle and mimikyu riolu
but only amazed sometimes and only if nature is beautiful enough to please him .
the rest of the time nature is useless huh ?
i myself am a longtime soulection listener and something clicked a few years and i decided to start producing and djing because of soulection with some of the core team as my biggest inspiration .
i really vibe with this tune and love the sound design and groove .
another sub that may dig this is r/futurebeatproducers i was active on there a while ago and the soulection sound is alive there too .
keep grinding and i 'm excited to hear what you have in store !
and if there 's only a few negatives and the owner cares enough to respond to them even better .
even a 4/5 they 'll sometimes reply what could we do to make it better ?
it must be exhausting for a small business owner but most people read all the reviews not just the negative .
not sure but less popular games that have smaller player base have better community then big popular games most of the time
not really a talent but it 's all i got
i 'm also in ontario and the seller lives in alberta edmonton ... which probably makes it even harder .
it personally does n't matter too much to me .
subs are definitely the og but on my first watch through lucky star i watched the dub version .
lakers have been doing stupid stuff like that all game
one time i kept having nightmares about garfield for like a week straight .
they were all dumb nightmares too like the one where he was chasing me because he wanted to steal my vibes to ensure i would fail all future vibe checks and i woke up screaming .
yeah i 've been trying with a white noise app on my phone but sometimes it 's just as distracting as the tinnitus .
i had hoped that there is a possibility of getting rid of it because it came out of no where around the time i was taking some meds for my damaged ankle which i then had to stop taking about 4 weeks after because it was giving me weekly migraines .
i initially thought it was because the ankle meds mixed with my heart meds and did something fucky but why would it still be around now since i stopped taking them 6 months ago ?
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
your post has been removed as it violated rule 2 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_2 .
please check that your post does n't contain the following issues
your post ca n't be specific to your situation or involve a story .
please make sure to depersonalize your question such as removing personal pronouns and remove any unnecessary context before posting it again .
please note once posted the titles can not be edited .
if your title breaks the rules please feel free to make a new post r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true that fits within the rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
7.62 being higher pressure is a reference to chamber specs not casing specs as far as i know but do n't rely on me alone because i do not know .
there 's been a few occasions match of the day 2 has been on before sportscene on bbc scotland as well .
woody making content and she is making him money .
love to but i ca n't afford those sluzzle tag prices lmfao
that would be like a criminal lawyer basing their case to get their client a light plea deal on evidence they know is inadmissible .
it ai n't happening at this level because the other side knows when push comes to shove those other factors do n't mean anything .
negotiations up to this level also have no bearing on what number they submit to the arbiter .
why push for a higher number with the excuse fans are upset a top 5 payroll is n't spending more when both sides know an arbiter will completely ignore that if push comes to shove ?
way too many hardware mixes in there for me .
i do n't have a card so take my input with a grain of salt .
i have n't smoked weed in about 12 years but i would like to indulge every other weekend maybe once or twice as i do n't drink or like the effects of alcohol .
most people end up just going for chronic pain of some sort .
i 'd say 95 to 98 of the people are just lying to the doctors cuz i want to get high .
that 's my whole ordeal i really do n't want a medical card on my record i do n't want to have to lie to a doctor .
i just want to walk in the dispensery like people walk a store to get a six pack .
why are you unable to leave a single post up like the other dude ?
why do you always delete them in a few minutes ?
i do n't listen to many korean songs so i do n't know what they sound like .
i however do n't remember it having any words at all .
i 'm pretty sure we 're not taking about any of the income levels you just mentioned and we both know that .
you can also learn advertising pr and maybe even some graphic design while in that sphere
mongol cavalry is not optimal in post imp especially against archers since they lack plate barding armor
a lot of republicans are fine with public option .
the republicans i 've talked to i 'm from texas so i know plenty just want freedom of choice and for it to prove itself in the market .
in fact a lot of people do n't even know what m4a really entails .
when people find out that their current insurance will be taken away less people want to support m4a .
a lot of people want universal healthcare for all people and so they like the sound of m4a but when it gets to bare bones of what that plan entails people start to step back .
yang 's plan is actually more popular when you get to the specific plan with independents and republicans which is who you need if you want to pass anything .
america does n't actually support capitalism in its truest fashion .
it 's a socialist state in many degrees like most of the planet .
relying on the collective wealth and resources of the nation to uphold its population .
so in this it comes down to resource distribution .
the resources exist to easily support the people of the usa .
just the choice is made at various levels to not use them in a certain fashion .
the falcon 5 was being planned before the final falcon 1 flights and well before the crs announcements .
wikipedia quotes 2006 as when early work on the falcon 5 happened .
it was about the same time as those final falcon 1 flights that the plans for the falcon 9 were specifically mentioned as having more engines .
it 's a metaphor for sword and shield after recent announcements .
they wont boot a checked in paid passenger until after everyone else has boarded .
haha holy shit i was trying to remember why this sounded oddly familiar to me
my guess is the time will come ... i hope ! ! !
and then he read her bio and she no longer met his standards .
either you 're a woman you really does n't want to have to be a good person for men to like you or you 're an incredibly sad man who thinks its a flaw for men to judge women for who they are instead of just what they look like .
you must have the biggest insecurities on the planet if you 're projecting this hard .
little popper has probably been working like a dog and needed a relax in the front seat .
we mediated our separation agreement but to file one had to basically sue the other you ca n't divorce together if that makes sense .
that is the cricoid https upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8a/larynx_external_en.svg cartilage which is located below the adam 's apple thyroid notch .
not sure why it rapidly changed in size though .
the fact that your ultrasound and barium swallow were normal are reassuring .
i would just keep an eye on it for now .
the gaming community is so jaded at developers totally understandably because most companies these days are cash grabbing and scummy af activision ea but i think it 's important to remember that developers are people too and the monster hunter team is not experienced at making pc games so in my opinion it 's understandable that they 're having some trouble getting it all perfect .
i 'm not trying to be a capcom shill i just think the issues have less to do with negligence or pushing out an unfinished product and more to do with the developers simply being inexperienced with programming games for pc
and yea benefits for life and schooling is always an upside
toyota they do n't make an engine like the 2jz anymore or the 22r that used to be in the toyota truck .
they been half assing their cars this decade and coasting on their reputation .
toyotas used to have thought out interiors and easy to reach things under the hood .
i only reached 500 million soldiers as africa one time .
how did you get your control center like that ?
this comment has been automatically removed to facilitate secure trading users are required to set their 3ds and/or their switch friend code in their flair before posting outside of the daily discussion thread info posts or mod posts .
you may set your flair by clicking here https hq.porygon.co flairtext and adding the appropriate information .
once you have set your flair and read through our rules https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules please repost your comment .
if things seem confusing we also have a quick start https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/quickstart guide intended to give a step-by-step process for new users .
if you are a mobile user having trouble accessing the above links please retry using a different app or browser .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
he has tried to get counseling but has n't stuck with it .
i have no concrete reasons as to getting back with him only feelings .
and i 've tried to date and it seems atleast at the moment no one is fully willing to fully support me emotionally .
image the lead he 'd have if it weren'r for pete .
how is it that everybody on the planet is a better dancer than i am ?
half the time i 'm thriving because i 'm alone in my thoughts and can get a ton done !
the other half i 'm struggling because i 'm lonely .
when i do go out or attempt to chat with others it can become such a struggle .
saenchai is an outlier and they are 100 cherry picking his fights .
well it removes everything beyond column ref maybe its too greedy ?
hmm have never heard of nucla will have to check it out .
does your friend work in gws or in nucla ?
do you understand the difference between assumptions inferences and impressions ?
happy20th pls do n't forget to enjoy your youth cause it 's fleeting ! ✨♥️✨
i hope someone do this to his mother/daughter/grandmother and then take the pole and shove it in his ...
i request the throbbing of knob in between your legs m'lady .
they 're for sure setting up a rr elimination escape-off between kofi and morrison .
unlike things that others you can actually change yours with some hard work and dedication you can do it !
i mean us farmers do n't pretend we are the smartest bunch .
which says a lot when even we can poke massive holes in trudeau 's and ol ' billy boy 's stupidity .
why the quotes around white supremacist when many of them are racially motivated ?
quite frankly they should have received a lot worse imo .
especially with the lying to investigators i think a bigger fine and maybe some community service in the form of educating their peers .
i 'm from nz and knowing the damage this could do to their ecosystem i think those people got off lightly .
i do n't know all i can do is speak from my own experience .
i 'd assume so but where i live there 's not too much violent crime it 's more the other gross stuff .
how did they lose the ability to pay for health care ?
i honestly want to know because this it not my understanding of his health care he did n't get it to pass as he wanted it .
if you can tell me some polices you support though trump .
i 'm from the u.k. and like to get views on us politics
the drop in happiness that occurred in the summer was from a stressful promotion that i was sort of forced into .
i 've really tried to make the best of it and i know that the days where i take care of myself i do better but the last 6 months i 've stopped eating during the day i clean less at home and i sleep more .
i 'm moving halfway across the country in a little over a month in hopes of a better living situation and better job .
i 'm curious to see the change that occurs over the next several months .
but the daily mood tracking has really helped me keep an eye on how bad my moods and habits have gotten .
i would much prefer to cum deep inside but whatever makes you happy !
only 1 in 10 posts can be self promotional .
i do n't think kawerik gave ras the immortal heart .
ray mentioned it was some kind of spell that protected ras .
supposedly if you plug it in to charge it there is more input delay .
being rich is kinda like jay 's entrance ticket to have a chance with gloria .
they tried to make it seem like gloria 's actually into jay because of his good qualities and her daddy issues and not his money but if he was n't rich she would n't even take the time to get to know him he would n't have the courage to ask her out .
thank you i 'll definitely work on rocking back and taking my time .
but we ought not to omit his descent into hell a matter of no small moment in bringing about redemption .
now it appears from the ancient writers that this phrase which we read in the creed was once not so much used in the churches .
nevertheless in setting forth a summary of doctrine a place must be given to it as it contains the useful and not-to-be-despised mystery of a most important matter at least some of the old writers do not leave it out .
from this we may conjecture that it was inserted after a time and did not become customary in the churches at once but gradually .
this much is certain that it reflected the common belief of all the godly for there is no one of the fathers who does not mention in his writings christ 's descent into hell though their interpretations vary .
but it matters little by whom or at what time this clause was inserted .
rather the noteworthy point about the creed is this we have in it a summary of our faith full and complete in all details and containing nothing in it except what has been derived from the pure word of god .
if any persons have scruples about admitting this article into the creed it will soon be made plain how important it is to the sum of our redemption if it is left out much of the benefit of christ 's death will be lost .
on the other hand there are some who think that nothing new is spoken of in this article but that it repeats in other words what had previously been said of his burial the word hell '' often being used in scripture to denote a grave .
i grant that what they put forward concerning the meaning of the word is true hell '' is frequently to be understood as grave . ''
but two reasons militate against their opinion and readily persuade me to disagree with them .
how careless it would have been when something not at all difficult in itself has been stated with clear and easy words to indicate it again in words that obscure rather than clarify it !
whenever two expressions for the same thing are used in the same context the latter ought to be an explanation of the former .
but what sort of explanation will it be if one says that christ was buried '' means that he descended into hell '' ?
secondly it is not likely that a useless repetition of this sort could have crept into this summary which the chief points of our faith are aptly noted in the fewest possible words .
i have no doubt that all who have weighed this matter with some care will readily agree with me .
others interpret it differently that christ descended to the souls of the patriarchs who had died under the law to announce redemption as accomplished and to free them from the prison where they were confined .
f435 to back up this interpretation they wrongly adduce evidence from a psalm he shatters the doors of bronze and the bars of iron '' psalm 107:16 .
likewise from zechariah he will redeem the captives from the waterless pit '' zechariah 9:11 p. .
but the psalm foretells the liberation of those who are cast into bondage in far-off countries zechariah moreover compares the babylonian disaster into which the people had been cast to a deep dry pit or abyss and at the same time teaches that the salvation of the whole church is a release from the nether depths .
thus it has happened in some way or other that later generations thought it to be a place under the earth to which they gave the name limbo . ''
but this story although it is repeated by great authors and even today is earnestly defended as true by many persons still is nothing but a story .
it is childish to enclose the souls of the dead in a prison .
what need then for christ 's soul to go down there to release them ?
i readily admit that christ shone upon them with the power of his spirit enabling them to realize that the grace which they had only tasted in hope was then manifested to the world .
in this way the passage in peter can probably be explained wherein he says christ came and preached to the spirits were in a ‘watchtower — commonly rendered ‘prison ' '' 1 peter 3:19 cf .
the context leads us to suppose that believers who died before that time shared the same grace with us .
for peter extols the power of christ 's death in that it penetrated even to the dead while godly souls enjoyed the present sight of that visitation which they had anxiously awaited .
on the other hand the wicked realized more clearly that they were excluded from all salvation .
now while peter does not clearly distinguish between the godly and the ungodly we are not therefore to understand that he mixes them indiscriminately .
he only means to teach that both groups have a common awareness of christ 's death .
the descent into hell '' as an expression of the spiritual torment that christ underwent for us
but we must seek a surer explanation apart from the creed of christ 's descent into hell .
the explanation given to us in god 's word is not only holy and pious but also full of wonderful consolation .
if christ had died only a bodily death it would have been ineffectual .
no — it was expedient at the same time for him to undergo the severity of god 's vengeance to appease his wrath and satisfy his just judgment .
for this reason he must also grapple hand to hand with the armies of hell and the dread of everlasting death .
a little while ago we referred to the prophet 's statement that the chastisement of our peace was laid upon him '' he was wounded for our transgressions '' by the father he was bruised for our infirmities '' isaiah 53:5 p. .
by these words he means that christ was put in place of evildoers as surety and pledge — submitting himself even as the accused — to bear and suffer all the punishments that they ought to have sustained .
all — with this one exception he could not be held by the pangs of death '' acts 2:24 p. .
no wonder then if he is said to have descended into hell for he suffered the death that god in his wrath had inflicted upon the wicked !
those who — on the ground that it is absurd to put after his burial what preceded it — say that the order is reversed in this way are making a very trifling and ridiculous objection .
the point is that the creed sets forth what christ suffered in the sight of men and then appositely speaks of that invisible and incomprehensible judgment which he underwent in the sight of god in order that we might know not only that christ 's body was given as the price of our redemption but that he paid a greater and more excellent price in suffering in his soul the terrible torments of a condemned and forsaken man .
in this sense peter says christ arose having loosed the pangs of death because it was not possible for him to be held or conquered by them '' acts 2:24 p. .
peter does not simply name death but expressly states that the son of god had been laid hold of by the pangs of death that arose from god 's curse and wrath — the source of death .
for what a smallthing it would have been to have gone forward with nothing to fear and as if in sport to suffer death !
but this was a true proof of his boundless mercy that he did not shun death however much he dreaded it .
there is no doubt that the apostle means the same thing when he writes in the letter to the hebrews christ was heard for his ... fear '' hebrews 5:7 p. .
others render it reverence '' or piety '' but how inappropriately is evident from the fact itself as well as the form of speaking .
christ therefore praying with tears and loud cries ... is heard for his ... fear '' hebrews 5:7 p. he does not pray to be spared death but he prays not to be swallowed up by it as a sinner because he there bore our nature and surely no more terrible abyss can be conceived than to feel yourself forsaken and estranged from god and when you call upon him not to be heard .
it is as if god himself had plotted your ruin .
we see that christ was so cast down as to be compelled to cry out in deep anguish my god my god why hast thou forsaken me ? ''
now some would have it that he was expressing the opinion of others rather than his own feeling .
this is not at all probable for his words clearly were drawn forth from anguish deep within his heart .
yet we do not suggest that god was ever inimical or angry toward him .
how could he be angry toward his beloved son in whom his heart reposed '' cf .
how could christ by his intercession appease the father toward others if he were himself hateful to god ?
this is what we are saying he bore the weight of divine severity since he was stricken and afflicted '' cf .
isaiah 53:5 by god 's hand and experienced all the signs of a wrathful and avenging god .
therefore hilary reasons by his descent into hell we have obtained this that death has been overcome .
in other passages he does not differ from our view as when he says the cross death hell — these are our life . ''
in another place the son of god is in hell but man is borne up to heaven . ''
and why do i quote the testimony of a private individual when the apostle recalling this fruit of victory asserts the same thing that they were delivered who through fear of death were subject to lifelong bondage '' ?
he had therefore to conquer that fear which by nature continually torments and oppresses all mortals .
now it will soon be more apparent that his was no common sorrow or one engendered by a light cause .
therefore by his wrestling hand to hand with the devil 's power with the dread of death with the pains of hell he was victorious and triumphed over them that in death we may not now fear those things which our prince has swallowed up cf .
if it breaks the rules downvote this comment and report the post .
ding '' used to be slang for a rejection and then that morphed into dong and then döng
i believe the nuke material too but i 'm checking right now
edit jk i only have like 30 waste but i 'd do those 1 cap each
is n't there an american dude who took his entire family to iraq when he volunteered for the free burma rangers ?
some crazy pics of him his wife and two little blonde white kids deep in the shit .
something about it 's their christian calling to serve in the fight against isis .
edit googled it and turns out they made a documentary about the family .
sharp turns are fine the sweepers are what get ya .
it brought it down a little but not a lot ! !
i was an oversupplier at first with clogged ducts then just enough after the storm and now weaning for rai
it 's as quiet a 556 can as you will find and could double as a hammer .
i think warren has a better shot in the general tbh .
bernie 's firebrand style is fun in a primary but i 'm worried that he 'll lose more votes to gabbard in the general .
warren the teacher i think is going to be more preferable than bernie the revolutionary to enough voters to matter .
carey duber seems to be living an extremely glam life .
so we have to adjust 650,000 to it 's value in the 70s .
here 's a fun anecdote i recently learned that a lot of my mental and physical health issues could be caused by a particular tumor .
i 'm in the process of finding out if it 's a tumor or not .
and i 'm actually rooting for the tumor tbh .
so if someone jumps in front of your car while going the speed limit would be the drivers fault ?
how about an impaired person crossing a freeway at 2am dressed in black and ignoring traffic ?
could you point the actual evidence in the article for me ?
all i read was benton county district attorney 's office to examine the girl 's death and have not said whether speed or intoxication are suspected . ''
and lt. daniel duncan a police spokesman said the crossing has lighted signals on both sides of the street but it 's not clear if they were working and activated. '' .
i 'd love to hear what evidence you found in this article or if you 're just stating your opinion because we all have one of those .
lightning is an incredibly frequent way that these start every fire season .
but i think that 9 is going to lead to some hot takes once people have had time to get an article together .
i can mail it in i can drop it off in person and if i didnt have a spot to get it mailed to i can still go in person to vote like i used to on the east coast .
9/4/12 dragon battlecry shuffle 7 dream portals into your deck .
9/8/8 dragon battlecry if your deck has no duplicates add 2 random dragons to your hand .
9/8/8 dragon players only have 15 seconds to take their turns .
call pm https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hearthscan-bot me with up to 7 cardname .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=hearthscan-bot message=tell 20me 20more 20 info subject=hi
a belief of some is that hades is compartmentalized .
there is then the more traditional part of hades .
when the penitent thief and jesus spoke the penitent thief was told that he would be with jesus in paradiso that day .
did he preach to the saints in sheol during the three days between his death and resurrection
it 's too late at night time for me to remember
jesus paid the wages of our sin with his death .
i bet you 'll get a shiny on the first batch lol
that happened to my daughter when she was 8 .
she invited 5 girls one said yes then never showed .
one said yes and then called that she was sick .
my daughter sat on the front porch and cried .
thank god her grandparents were here and we all made spectacles of ourselves to pull her out of the sadness .
oh god i 'd almost forgotten about brian kja having paul run off to join the fucking circus .
here are a few tips to minimize your risks when trading in let 's go pikachu/eevee !
most scammers place other users in private situations to avoid having their actions seen in public .
also note that for your trade to count for flair every part of the conversation should be public so that all details can be confirmed .
since another random player can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner is using it is important that you double check that you are trading with the right person .
if you are trading shiny pokémon please make sure that your post and other users ' offers contain the full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules .
this is to provide more visibility so you know how the pokémon you are trading for was obtained .
if you see any posts that do not have the full details please report it so that the moderators can be aware of the situation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
it died because i was trying to enable the xmp profile on my ddr4-3600 ram .
funny thing my ryzen 5 3600 only supports ddr4-3200 !
my bios is a little odd but i was able to use the multiplier feature to get my ram in the 3200 ballpark without having to get new sticks .
now i 've installed the os and everything is running fine .
there was another game like this i always got confused with a penguin and tissue paper or something .
well you 're not wrong it 's a big number that pretty much means connection ded '' .
but for it to happen because of something on your side you 'd have to have your internet straight up die pretty much
if you want the more competitive deck drop fae approach and time wipe add digs and charms
from acok sansa talking to tyrion at joffrey 's name day tourney
i 'm sorry my lady mother took you captive my lord.
there 's something about the juxtaposition between the craziness of tyrion 's kidnapping and the courtesy of sansa 's apology that is just hilarious to me .
did it add anything to the flavor or was it more of a fun way to consume it ?
the ugly search a partner become friends thats it because ugly
with just the most recent military budget increase which by the way the corporate democrats went out of their way to give the dump administration an even bigger increase than they were even asking for would 've been enough to pay for free college .
that actually made me jump a bit while scrolling down .
a lot of older people in switzerland have that kind of hate against germans .
i myself was born and raised in switzerland but my father is german .
a friend of mine once told me that his mother told him he should n't become a „german like me .
but still switzerland as a whole is pretty conservative and right winged so its pretty much normal .
a lot of the younger generation jokingly hates germany .
it 'll be interesting to get details and hopefully they provide amply in the interest of really coming clean
i 'd say the deficiencies in this diet depend on what you 're doing and what your goals are .
since you mention you 're an athlete this is likely too low for protein .
likely this is too high in carbs but depends how many hours a day you 're training .
this is too low in omega 3s relative to the omega 6s .
i 'd add more healthy fats like avocado salmon etc and spread your olive oil throughout the day
for micronutrients you 're not eating red meat or fruits and vegetables .
i 'd have regular blood work done and add in green vegetables at the least .
if you like one second remaining wins check out the last 5 minutes of this .
the most demented ending i 've been involved in .
context i 'd asked the akatsuki player to contest their cap as a desperation move if he had n't done that we would have lost no matter what but he did better and sank the warspite that was guarding it .
i was honestly gobsmacked when the game result came up .
i even sent the destroyer player a thank you and i never message other players .
to be fair i think all nfs hp2 songs were at least good .
rush was really good but i personally preffer hot action cop and their fever for the flava '' https youtu.be/lizmnf2kn1a .
i just put my camera settings as 1080p hd at 60fps instead of the default .
takes more memory but it takes much better videos .
while the beacon has to be outside of 9 '' mant strike units simply have to be within 6 '' the beacon .
this is mostly important for fusion blasters as you just need under 9 '' .
the shit part is that it is dropped at the start of the movement phase .
which means the enemy has to be a convenient distance at the start of your turn .
you cant use the infiltrators ability to get close enough to mantra strike first turn as bringing in troops from reserve on the first turn is illegal .
you would be right to think that it does n't really do anything .
and there are probably better ways to spend 20 points .
i have the champion 2 and it 's great but expensive .
yeah i 'm like why are you on reddit subscribed to this show sub !
if you have n't finished the season ! ? ! ?
this is the digital age after all it 's right there online babe ! !
yes your so spot on i mean the dumb ass was criticizing me for having crohn 's disease but yup u solved it .
i absolutely love the presidents but really they 've always made kids music .
hi optionstudent516 it seems like you might be looking for anime recommendations !
i have changed the flair on your post to indicate that but if i 'm wrong feel free to change it back !
the users of this subreddit came up with an awesome recommendations flowchart http imgur.com/q9xjv4p .
maybe you can find something there that you 'll like .
you might also find our recommendation wiki http www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/recommendations or weekly recommendation thread http www.reddit.com/r/anime/search ? q=subreddit 3aanime+author 3aanimemod+recommendation+tuesdays restrict_sr=on sort=new t=week helpful .
a useful website where you can enter an anime and see where it 's legally streaming http because.moe
a useful wiki page with watch orders for many anime .
a list of tracking sites so others can more easily recommend shows you have n't watched .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/anime if you have any questions or concerns .
you do n't have to be this toxic you know that ...
me trying to upvote the post by clicking like button on youtube comment
same in cali probably the most common medium duck here .
i do n't need subs i just need views view4view .
because of the huge crisis on infinite earths crossover event this post has automatically been marked a spoiler just in case .
if the post contains no spoilers feel free to unset it .
if your title contains a spoiler it will be removed so do us a favor delete it and repost without the spoiler in the title .
spoilers can be unmarked by clicking unspoiler on the old site or · · · on the new site .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/arrowverse if you have any questions or concerns .
i can send you a shelmet then when you trade it back karrablast will evolve .
my wife and i love this game so much .
i will most definitely be taking her to get them but i can see how someone who does n't understand why they 're so important would skip them .
i 'm a biologist but the thought of taking her to have needles stuck in her makes me not want to do it .
if i was n't so adamant she needed them i could see how it would not get done .
i remember feeling the same with my first one too but she 's also fully vaccinated .
my third grade teacher thought i was lying about being verbally bullied by this one girl and her followers '' in class .
every time i would tell her about what recent event had just occurred she would ask the girl and the girl and her followers would lie and feign innocence .
then i would get in trouble for lying '' or being a tattle tale '' .
i was in third grade when i wrote a suicide note and was stupid enough to hide it in my desk .
my classmate found it somehow and showed it to her mother at home who knew my mom and called her up right away .
this obviously got my teacher in trouble and she apologized to me .
my parents pulled me out of public school and home schooled me for the rest of my elementary years .
not that the damage was already done i suffer from major depressive disorder now even today .
he 's just throwing a hissy fit because kohli is n't australian .
argue with him long enough and he 'll even try to make a case for nathan bracken being a better batsman then kohli .
i imagine they 're a bit more expensive but i 'll absolutely try it .
if you 're only doing tokyo to kyoto and osaka/kyoto back to tokyo you can consider taking an overnight bus .
you can book online through willer express or vip liner .
the rates vary a bit 4,500 to 6,500yen but u do get to save one night of accomodation .
there is also a usb charge point available at your bus seat .
hakone is also a great place to try out a ryokan with onsen and that would make your 7 day jr pass more worth it .
you can do hakone and mt fuji over 2 days .
palak paneer and gajar ka halwa https imgur.com/a/zhkavio for non tg people .
i major cs but i 'm already soo close to my master thesis and going phd after .
pistol whip is way more fun than i expected and there are a ton of new games coming out in 2020 .
i already convinced a friend to buy a quest it 's 100 worth it ...
why do you need the xbox pass pc is not an xbox
get the 1660 super instead it 's 20 more and it 's actually worth it
the fact that we ca n't confirm anything about the edge or the end of the universe .
do n't quote me on this but are n't vasectomies reversible now ?
i was considering getting my tubes tied after baby 2 but if one is reversible and the other is not i 'll have hubs do it .
i cried in front of my friends that were over the moment i saw the one it forever .
that said i was so happy they were able to talk freely .
we got so much about the members and it is so very clear how much they mean to each other .
they truly are a family and it makes me happy that they have each other even though i 'm sad they 've been broken apart .
but after today it 's very clear that they want to be back together and are not so silently supporting our movement to redebut .
now let me just mention that i have no idea what mbk 's agenda is .
yes they had staff trying to get them to actually mention pocketdolz .
but the fact they allowed this entire set up .
they even mentioned that they would update on x1 .
i do n't know what mbk 's agenda is .
i do n't know what is going on behind the scenes .
idk if mbk has gone rogue and is trying to pressure the others .
whatever it is it is motivating me and giving me hope .
can i ask why the author is taking alot of breaks ?
as a guy that takes care of my stuff puts my carts away and has had my car dinged by an abandoned cart
fuck that cunt and fuck every stinky lazy cunt and cock gobbling fucking asshole that leaves carts out .
stop being a worthless lazy fucks and put your cart away .
i wish i had the power to make something fall over and break inside the house of every fuck that leaves a cart out .
ive been out of touch with aoc community since early 2019 can you tell me what happened ?
i did n't have high hopes when i saw the joker image ... tbh
in private schools yes but i think it 's not mandatory
in public schools catechesis is optional but religious culture '' is mandatory normal it 's about every religion .
in fact it 's a bit different a lot of school do n't teach religious culture because it 's new and in private schools religious culture is often only about christianism .
both use the ground pound feature of the giant shoe .
when you play my levels comment with yours so i can play them .
i 'd say both sides are equally as mean but i can see why one may say that women are nicer than men or vice versa
edit i obviously did n't read the final line ...
it was cinder the one who had killed my parents .
i could see his face in my mind without even trying .
and if cinder killed someone it was with that sword .
time heals all wounds but this one is still raw .
as he continued to load the barrow he moved slower and slower like a machine winding down .
eventually he stopped completely and stood for a long minute still as stone .
and even with no one there to see he hid his face in his hands and wept quietly his body wracked with wave on wave of heavy silent sobs .
kote paused in the act of setting the mounting board atop one of the bar rels and cried out in dismay careful bast !
you 're carrying a lady there not swinging some wench at a barn dance . ''
in fact given the reaction to thinking of his parents death was so raw i do n't know if there 's an explanation i 'd accept other than kvothe being wrong about cinder killing his folks which i also do n't buy .
it would make the story lesser for me and so i will continue to pretend it 's wrong .
right ... but we do n't cough up £90k national insurance at once .
so do i but i just wanted to see what it tasted like
i love bj porn but very often the chick is either fully clothed or you ca n't see her body at all because it 's just a close up of lips and cock .
i 'd really love to find a sub dedicated specifically to the type of bj or hj porn preferably gifs and vids but pics work too where you can see the act and the naked chick .
note the top 8 is still on-going i 'll will update the post with the finals positions once the tournament comes to an end .
the complete day two deck lists can be found here http old.starcitygames.com/decks/results/format/28/event_id/53/start_date/10-01-2020/end_date/12-01-2020/city/knoxville/state/tn/country/us/start/1/finish/93/w_perc/0/g_perc/0/r_perc/0/b_perc/0/u_perc/0/a_perc/0/order_1/finish/limit/100/start_num/0 .
it mind blows me how these men are blocked yet continue to leave me voicemails weeks after weeks .
people seriously have no life to just sit and bother escorts especially when they been blocked long time ago .
sometimes i may say the wrong thing that 's offensive or insensitive .
i want to speak to people in a way that 's always considerate and in a way that makes people think wow he 's very nice .
it 's not just about what you do say after all but what you do n't say .
i want him to crush me with his little finger
i 've been building my first magic deck and i ended up with a rbw mardu vampire tribal commander deck .
my commander is edgar markov and i 'm gon na leave a link to tapped out for the full deck list .
anyways i 'm looking for some help refining it feel free to suggest anything that you think will be beneficial .
hopefully that link works thanks for the help everyone .
fc2 ppv 1244095 individual shooting sneaking into mystery party this time extravagance version of two ladies taken part !
cylinder cylinder333,555fc2 ppv 1244095 ã€å€‹äººæ'®å½±ã€‘ç§˜å¯†ã®ä¹±äº¤ãƒ‘ãƒ¼ãƒ†ã‚£ãƒ¼ã«æ½œå ... ¥â‘£ä»šå›žã¯å¥³æ€§ï¼'äººå‚åš ã®è±ªè¯ç‰ˆï¼çµ‚é›»ã‚®ãƒªã‚®ãƒªã¾ã§ãƒ”ã‚¹ãƒˆãƒ³ãƒ”ã‚¹ãƒˆãƒ³ï¼â€»é«˜ç”»è³ªzipï¼†ãƒ¬ãƒ“ãƒ¥ãƒ¼ç‰¹å ... ¸ä»˜ãï¼777
i want to say sorry in advance for my possible mistakes in english cause i 'm russian .
i ca n't talk about it irl because i start to think that it is not that important and that i only bother people .
i 'm aftaid that everyone will judge me or laugh at me .
my mom lives with her new lover and i feel like she wants to forget about her previous '' life with me and my dad .
she does n't keep in touch with me and i live alone .
she had a hard time when my dad left our family .
she 's been struggling for 9 years and i understand why she wants to forget it all .
i had a boyfriend and a best friend but both of them left me .
my boyfriend broke up with me saying he did n't love me in may .
my best friend helped me to get through this hard time .
we hanged out a lot before my break up and even more after it .
three months passed i felt like i was falling in love with him and soon i found out he felt the same .
we started our new kind of relationship and he insisted i live with him in his house .
it was a calm and pleasant living for three months .
then i had to go to the university for three weeks to pass my exams .
he said offensive jokes to me about my appearance .
when i returned home he broke up with me saying he did n't love me like the previous guy .
i ran to his place twice that month to get along with him i felt that i made some kind of mistake and he was mad at me .
he was angry all the time because i did n't want to live with him again .
he said he was angry because he could n't see me as much as he wants .
but at the same time he refused to go to my place .
and i could n't go to his place every day .
and now i feel like i made a mistake when i left him .
we live in a small town and we walked a lot because of pokemon go .
he was the only friend i had and now i have no one .
i ca n't believe anyone wants to be my friend .
there are some people i 'm chatting with but they are also his friends .
and in every nightmare he grabs my hand strongly calls me stupid i can see that he 's mad .
he acts like he owns me and he does n't listen when i ask him to go away .
i can see dying screaming kittens or some other mad stuff .
i ca n't sleep well i always feel upset or feel nothing at all .
i start to think he wants to kidnap me although we do n't chat anymore .
i often look out of my window and wait for him to appear .
sometimes i want to end it all and that 's actually pretty easy to do cause i live pretty high .
the only one who saves me is my lovely kitten .
she gives me so much love and she always wants to be around me .
she always wants to chill in my arms and when i 'm too busy to grab her she squeaks loudly .
but the problem is she 's also connected to him .
and when we lived together we cared about her together .
sometimes i look at my nemesis yep that 's the name of my lovely kitty i remember him and how we lived together .
i do n't want to run to his place again because i see that he 's not interested in me .
i love to play computer games sing play the piano .
but i do n't want to do it anymore .
i 'm only 22 and i do n't want to ruin my life .
a couple days ago i was flying around shinrarta in a mildly tricked out sidewinder half exploring the system and half baiting gankers to interdict me and let me tell you i was having the time of my goddamn life .
every hollow square added some more suspense doubly so if they were behind me .
sometimes i would try to shake them from my tail sometimes i 'd blatantly bait them by flying in front of them .
cmdr dangerous.com interdicted me i was about to o7 him for shits 'n giggles in local chat but i got sent to the rebuy screen very quickly .
i spawned back in jameson with a message from him yelling if you 're not with kumo crew you 're nobody !
to him i want to reply that the empire 's might will crush you pirate scum but sadly i did not know how to message someone who you 're not friends when they 're not in the same instance as you .
later on cmdr i am will interdicted me and this time i decided to take it a bit more seriously .
i tried boosting fa off while randomly flailing my joystick around flying evasively i almost got away but i stabilized myself for the high wake a second too early and he managed to get the fatal shot on me .
we had a quick chat afterwards he was friendly about it .
i said i was having fun and invited him to interdict me again but sadly he did n't .
but if you 're reading this one day i 'll challenge you in pvp .
try this it 's genuinely fun and adrenaline inducing .
i was having fun they were having fun i assume and rebuys on a sidewinder are basically zero .
even if you do n't like being interdicted this is a great way to get some practice on escaping interdictions relatively unscathed with no risk to your missions credits cargo big ships and so on .
6 underground is a typical bayhem flick with loud and excessive action sequences and explosions that are n't necessarily relevant to it 's plot even with a watchable fun diverse cast .
it 's tone is uneven matching with its draggy pacing with intent on painting humanity in hopeful colour .
it could 've been clinical and precise with its narrative exposition and delivered brilliantly on a promising set up .
it 's almost like it realised that it had something concrete to deliver during its course when it was already at the base of its destination
though it retains a level of entertainment with some sweet stylistic kills/deaths ... but it 's incoherent with shaky cam and quick-cut choppy edited scenes that looses any real argument or logic to the existence of this picture .
it 's the most michael bay movie michael bay has ever michael bayed
looking to sell off excess items to keep saving up for a titan .
new in bags just looking to get what i paid for him.nice cast .
couple of the parts https drive.google.com/open ? id=1frwkiwfrd207ccsxn6qt2ixksk8g2kx7 https drive.google.com/open ? id=1frwkiwfrd207ccsxn6qt2ixksk8g2kx7
40x bloodletters unassembled in bags nice cast 55 shipped for all of them .
so i was driving down summer after paying my rent and saw the craziest place ... tennessee immigrant tax service ?
when cereal is crispy it 's certainly alright but it 's nothing amazing .
it has a melt-in-your-mouth texture that perfectly compliments the sweet flavor and there 's no match for it .
the thing is usually i really like crunchy things so i do n't know why cereal specifically is better soggy but it just is .
the only reason i do n't always eat it soggy is because i 'm impatient .
i do n't get why people hate it so much .
so this is what we 're getting in episode 3 is as follows
two new classified assignments for year 1 pass holders .
in 4 years i have never felt so disappointed in the dev team .
however when it comes to execution they 're trash .
they could have brought us to lower manhattan or back to midtown .
but ofc since its massive they decided to give us this .
although we do n't really know much about episode 3 yet based on this info its clear the division 2 is beyond saving .
i 'd say that the next year 2 content drop is around june .
but regardless of that the next major content drop besides the raid is probably 3 or 4 months later .
so i ask the devs again like i did in previous episodes .
are 2 missions what we need for this game .
look at all the games coming out next quarter .
not even the raid can save the game at that point .
and b4 you say that theres too much complaining going on in the community i think its completely warranted because after 4 years of playing a franchise how do you sit through the same exact problems and not get angry ?
the purpose of this post is not to bash the game but to discuss the future of this game .
remember that if episode 3 fails this franchise will have to make the greatest comeback in gaming history a second time
have no idea where to incorporate them or how often if it 's even worth trying .
i do n't want to hurt my moisture barrier as i have very dry skin .
a friend of mine is currently living with her in laws her mil is 52 with early onset alzheimer 's it has progressed a lot in the past year since being diagnosed .
is it possible to find a memory care living facility for her that her husband could also be with her ?
i feel like it 's not common in people as young as them since neither are seniors .
but they 're still very much in love and attached and can not live apart but she of course needs help and care that the family can not provide themselves .
if anyone has any advice regarding this i 'd appreciate it .
i am about to get a ps4 slim version and was looking for a monitor to run those console games and occasionally movie watching as well .
since ps4 games mostly run on 30 fps getting a tn or va is not worth i feel .
here is the promo smartphone aliexpress https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2faliexpress-coupon-code 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcnhlq4qap5imolwszeym69vtuyuubg
finding to the working coupon codes promo codes and discount coupons etc .
i found this page and it 's really working .
also you can find daily deals sales and offers .
about aliexpress aliexpress is an online retail service based in china that is owned by the alibaba group .
launched in 2010 it is made up of small businesses in china and other locations such as singapore that offer products to international online buyers .
it is the most visited e-commerce website in russia and was the 10th most popular website in brazil .
it facilitates small businesses to sell to customers all over the world .
aliexpress has drawn comparison to ebay as sellers are independent and use the platform to offer products to buyers .
so in yakuza like a dragon ichiban is 42 years old to give context kiryu is 41 in yakuza 4 and 48 in yakuza 6 his last game .
it is interesting that they decided to make the yakuza protagonist successor to kiryu only a bit younger then him this makes me wonder if we 'll get less games with ichiban then we did with kiryu
what impact do you think ichiban 's age will have on the series going forward ?
i loved this movie and but i ca n't remember alot of the details or the name so here 's what i remember
it 's about the battle of belleau woods in ww1
the main character is a major or colonel and is only the rank he is because he was of higher education and his men give him a hard time because of it
after charging german lines the marines left and right flanks fail and the marines are surrounded on all sides by the germans and the marines have to defend thier position
this movie probably came out in the early 2000 's but i 'm unsure definitely released before 2014
i 've been playing casually since july and around september i stopped unlocking characters .
i know there are around 10 more that i still need to unlock but it stopped showing the a new fighter is approaching screen .
can someone please tell me how to fix this ?
i will be buying rx 5700 xt in a few days .
there 's a sale at my shop where sapphire nitro special edition is the same price as the non se and it does n't cost much more than gigabyte gaming oc .
i 've heard that it has high power consumption .
as autistic people we tend to have some academic skills that suffer but others that surpass our peers .
although some autistic people are severely above average cognitively and some on the other end of the spectrum with lesser cognitive skills as with any population group of people the vast majority of autistic people mostly aspies type one autistic people tend to have a normal but redistributed set of skills .
this usually manifests as something such as amazing math skills but horrible english skills or the other way around .
or lesser academic skills in general but amazing art/motor skills .
i would just like to remind or possibly bring a new concept to the table .
instead of focussing so hard in what you can not do focus on what you can do .
there 's a million different careers you can have and not all of them including going to university and not all of them need to just have average grades in lol subjects .
if you spend all your time trying be like others but you were not naturally born that way odds are you 'll always be close but not as good .
and not only is that a lot of work and hard on your self esteem but it 's not good for her thing a job later on .
do what you are good at and get ducking good at that thing and you 'll find a job .
yeah good english skills are helpful to find a job as an engineer but once you do get the job your ability at math is so much more important then being able to spell every word correctly .
no english teacher needs to be able to work with calculus .
i 'm really dyslexic i learnt to read at 13 years old .
i 've spent lo yes go work on that too and i 'm about to publish my first novel which is exciting but most of all my parents recognized my ability to make and design thin gas from a really young age .
from the age of 8 i 've had my own work bench and work space to work on and now 12 years later after spending more time in my work shop than in school i 'm getting recognized as a cabinet maker of high caliber .
i 'm comparing my self to cabinet makers that are ending their careers which is a crazy experience as a 20 year old .
but most of all if i had only focused on my lack of english skills or my lack of social skills and only worked on those instead of being where i am now i 'd be in collage blended into the mass of every other collage student .
only my grades and attendance would be worse then theirs due to dyslexia and sensory problem .
i think there are many people on the spectrum that either have n't found what they like/they are good at or children that are being forced by their parents to work on what they are bad at rather then what they are good at .
if you are a parent reading this please let your child 's special interests grow an blossom .
every single one of them is a source for knowledge and learning and there is a good chance one of them will lead to a carrer .
i have never ever tried a game/mod/computer program that crashes more .
how you managed to assemple such a bad excuse of a digital dumpster fire simply baffles me .
now with that out of the way if you were so kind to explain why your mess keeps crashing i would be very appreciative
please try restarting the game or if this occurs across servers verifying your game files .
if you require immediate support please visit fivem.net https fivem.net and mention the details in this window .
tldr crazy just how far you can dig down and get lost in all the history with no end in sight .
nothing earth shattering no siblings i did n't know about unless they have n't tested .
my closest dna match is a 3rd cousin at 4.44 .
i 'm interested in how we got here yeah i know ... by boat ! so it 's off to ancestry .com to build the family tree with what little info i have without asking .
our surnames are spelled incorrectly in 2 different census .
i found people listed twice in two different states for the same census .
the closest people to me have little to no history .
which leads me to ask why the 1950 or 1960 census ca n't be made public .
some years have very little info while others have more detail in the questions asked .
and i 've yet to see what i can do with my raw data to see what else my dna can provide .
i 've lived in a couple of different states and was surprised that i had distant cousins living close by and did n't even know it .
the history of it all is very intriguing to me .
how did my family spread out across all the usa and a handful in europe .
i guess it 's the stories behind it all that has my interest piqued .
you get more disappointment than joy on a consistent basis since only 1 team can win the superbowl every year and there is 32 teams .
not sure how y'all feel about daddy lessons by beyoncé but the cut featuring the dixie chicks just sounds really good to me i know it 's old news but i 'm still loving it .
i like the new orleans/jazzy/big brass/soulfulness of it and how it 's fused with some good ol stomp-and-clap and twang .
problem is i 'm having a hard time finding other songs along this vein .
i 've tried googling all sorts of things and keep coming up dry .
is this song one of a kind or are there any similar goodies y'all know of ?
we all know that beats by dre are overrated but their shittier brother sennheiser that is supossed to be better but actually sucks ass is very overrated .
r/audiophile and other headphone subreddits just do n't want to accept these facts .
this question might be a long shot but i was born in pomona ca in the early 70 's at pomona valley community hospital given up for adoption .
i 've never been so i 'm curious what the culture music ethnicities pop culture etc was like at that time and any major events happening in this area .
i am working on all my social media accounts and currently i am trying to write my bio for spotify .
the thing is i never know what to say in these types of areas so i thought i would reach out to you all to see what you would want to read when looking at an artist bio on one of the various platforms .
i 'm thinking short and to the point would be best but the question is what is the point ?
anyway looking forward to reading all of your perspectives on this .
where are you guys getting your study materials from ?
for real dude ... .you sound like a tool every single time you do n't say it correctly https preview.redd.it/sx3b0vj129a41.jpg ? width=612 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=76a8d0f12c4d3bc0e1bafb46ef9867b39925827b
as the title says i 'm looking for your favourite anal instruction/hypno/trainer videos that use poppers .
just wanted to know if there are any i could skip
before christopher nolans batman we endured some real badness .
i still think even under disney we will eventually experience a new saga that gives us amazing story telling and characters .
a saga that provides us great world building that is well grounded .
even now the mandalorian is providing a glimmer of hope .
it does n't really fix what happened to the skywalker saga but hey we got the eu for that .
i 'm curious is it possible to be in the honors program for a double major ?
i 'm planning on double majoring in history and political science and i was wondering if schools do this ?
anybody know what the deal is with this place ?
something thats happening or has it been abandoned as a project ?
ive lightly scoured around for contact info for the owner/org and havent found any .
i have quite a bit of experience in construction both skilled labor and project management and would like to rap with whoever is working on this perhaps i could be of great assistance depending on where its at and where its going .
he 's trying to stop making that face when you said you were going this whole sarah thing is just penis anal .
amir said he was crying when they took him to cheat with a normal volume .
what 's tasteful about kissy-kissy and then you peed in my dreams !
what 's tasteful about kissy-kissy and then you started to pissing and blowing bubbles in the subway by yourself like a band around your wrist and snap it in .
if anal is tasteful to you because you 're doing !
i am a 20f almost 21 college student and i recently started substitute teaching .
a few days ago i worked at a middle school in my county that i had not worked at before .
i went to the office and signed in and got my sub folder .
i stepped out of the office and started trying to follow the directions to my assigned classroom for the day when a teacher stepped in front of me .
teacher hi sweetie do you need help finding where you 're supposed to be ?
teacher oh no here the students wait in the gym until first bell .
am i supposed to wait there to pick them up ?
i was wearing a dress and boots my hair was fixed i had makeup on and importantly my badge was very visibly clipped to the collar of my dress .
hi everyone i was looking at a site 's traffic and just under half was from india .
is it possible that all the traffic was from india but the 50 that showed from the us was indian users utilizing a vpn so as to come from a us ip ?
can we do a meme or haunting artwork where andrew is the 'man on the hill ' in sonny 's dream drawing from irobot ?
he will be the only human left standing in a sea of automation sadly saying i told you so '' to the graves of the nonbelievers when all he wanted was a chance to put humanity first .
i 've set my keybinds for pausing and unpausing my recording sessions but they have literally never worked .
i do n't know if i need to do something other than set up the keybinds and apply and save .
i originally had ctrl shift p and that never worked so i tried ctrl alt shift with the same results .
is it one of those keys that 's preventing me from pausing my recording sessions ?
edit apparently i needed to go to simple in the output mode and change encoder in there ... . weird .
one of the best ways to secure your home today is with a smart lock installation .
at riowell our friendly professionals help you decide on the best smart lock for you and provide quick and efficient installation to secure your home immediately .
tolkien and martin got a minuscule help from the movie/tv industry .
sanderson likes to lie s about his figures i 'm more popular than jordan '' not even in your dreams but publishers weekly tells us otherwise for example https www.publishersweekly.com/pw/by-topic/industry-news/bookselling/article/75475-a-week-before-thanksgiving-unit-sales-rise-2.html
putting numbers aside or rather downward it 's easy to see why rj ranks so predominantly in fantasy sales likeable characters .
i know i know a truly living world amazing adventures etc .
i know i know you are wrong i hate all of them except x and/or y .
the two swords the hunter 's blades trilogy book iii .
this girl https moresisek.net/watch/a5nqqbhwub2vj4q3ngafld-ykfef5oazuwoc7lhjmsa is so beautiful but i ca n't find her name .
on vimeo https vimeo.com/207760800 she 's called jean auvrey but that does n't bring up any more search results and looking at other names of their videos i get the feeling that the names are fake/random .
i would very much like to see more content with her .
does n't have to be nsfw any info is welcome !
she needed this she decided as she pulled the car to a stop .
the last place you could leave a car or truck before you headed out into the trails that led deeper into the woods .
the cabins all pay further in and anything you wanted you had to bring along with you .
supplies and equipment that could be carried into the woods until she reached her place .
she came prepared as well she was n't used to this setting but knew enough to know if was better to be prepared and so she had hired some local guides to help her along the way as and when she needed .
she would have time to herself is course time to explore and take in the mountains the woods the lake .
it was a chance to rest recover and just recharge and enjoy some time alone a chance to explore and revel in a little freedom away from the hustle and bustle of the city and as she stepped out locked the car and grabbed her gear something she was looking forward to .
just your escape prompt here today in a way .
a celebrity looking to get away for a while and enjoy the wilds for a spell of time .
of course she may find herself some more wild adventures along the way ... ... really i 'm looking for some varied encounters as she explores i set it up to include the possibility of fun with guides but really i 'm looking for multiple encounters experiences with different people .
a soft light scene around a campfire stripping and swimming naked by the lake something rougher and harder in the woods .
just her getting away and running into some different people along the way .
lot 's of things that could happen with it .
kate beckinsale is a favourte choice of mine but willing to see who people like to .
interesting in cheating a little voyeurism cum groups some interracial aspects especially .
i do n't do incest violence gore watersports scat or enjoy a lot of name calling humiliation and degradation .
i played really early and i 'm at 7.2k rp i 'm also waiting for dragonball kakarot to come out on friday the 17th .
i 'm not bragging i 'm just asking a simple question
our fighter is using a normal maul and just found a 1 battleaxe .
we were interested in discovering exactly what kind of an improvement the battleaxe would give the fighter in terms of damage output .
i decided to write a script in anydice to see what the results would be given that the numbers can get quite complicated when you factor in things like great weapon fighting .
according to my script which i encourage you to look over and scrutinise for errors it seems that the basic maul still does more damage than the 1 battleaxe held in two hands and it is actually a downgrade !
assuming that i 've made no errors of course this phenomenon can be explained by the maul rolling two small dice for damage 2d6 which procs great weapon fighting more frequently and easily than the single larger die of the battleaxe 1d10 .
the script rolls an attack and calculates the damage .
it factors in 1 auto misses and critical hits .
it also incorporates great weapon fighting fighting style rerolls .
it calculates the result against a range of different acs .
i never thought i 'd see the day where a 1 greataxe battleaxe is actually worse than a basic maul xd
lately i can feel things shifting inside of me .
i 'm starting to open up and energy blockages are moving away and dissolving .
i have a lot of fire inside a lot of energy and i have found that singing is a perfect way for me to channel that energy into a coherent harmonized up and out motion .
the reason i bring this up is that i 've noticed there seems to be a second voice that is now able to reach the surface .
there is the voice that i 'm used to that comes from my voice box but then there is a voice that comes up from my waist stomach and chest area .
it resonates through my whole body and it feels.. right.. in a way that 's hard to explain .
i started deeply humming for minutes at a time so that i could just feel the reverberating energy through my body .
after experimenting with this second voice my regular voice day today has gotten deeper and more rich and i 've started to notice how vibration completely changes me from one state to another .
why does it feel and sometimes sound like there is a second voice ?
the sound that i make when humming comes from a deeper place than my vocal cords and sometimes does n't sound like it 's coming from a person let alone a woman .
sometimes especially if i 'm humming i can do both voices at once sometimes if i 'm singing particularly well i can also achieve this.. does anybody know what i mean or know how/why this is happening ?
and in the summer of 2018 i told my parents i was trans .
ever since then they have been physically and mentally abusing me .
this is about how i feel about being a transgender girl .
i am 16 years old and i already have multiple illnesses due to my stressful life .
but i also have autism bipolar and obviously gender dysphoria the key point of being trans .
a while after i told my parents i was trans i went to the hospital because my parents thought that the hospital would make me change my mind about being trans .
ironically the exact opposite happened i was diagnosed with gender dysphoria .
i do n't think my parents really know that because they still think this is a phase and that i would change my ways or that the devil is controlling ky mind or whatever .
but i got the official saying i have gender dysphoria .
i hate having to be in this body no this fucking trap !
no one understands ... my parents do n't understand how it 's like to feel trapped in a body that is n't yours .
i literally a girl that is stuck in a boy 's body .
they will never understand how much i love them .
it makes me want to give up everything for their happiness .
there was this one time where i was talking with a friend this was back in early 2019 and she told me oh my god roxie you literally a girl stuck in a boy 's body ! which still to this day has roamed and lingered in my head .
i really am a girl stuck in a boy 's body .
that.. maybe in the womb our brains develop into one gender but the body develops into another ...
so that 's why real transgenders have gender dysphoria because their brains are like hold up you 're supposed to be this gender but your body is this one which really does a toll on the transgender mind .
sometimes cis people do n't understand is that we did n't choose this .
we did n't choose to be trans ... we are trans ... hell if i could wake up tomorrow morning with a fucking vagina ill cry tears of joy !
they do n't respect us ... because there are phonies out there who pretend to be transgender even though they do n't have gender dysphoria .
they say that yes i 'm a transgender but i 'm comfortable with my birth gender which just beats the whole being transgender thing ...
i do n't want to get too deep into this for obvious reasons but here 's what i think .
all of you catholics or whatever keep your opinions to yourself please .
we do n't care if we go to hell or that god is gon na damn us or whatever but keep that shit to yourselves alright ? !
and if your a christian parent who has a transgender child or hell even gay lesbian bisexual let them be ! !
do n't disown them do n't make them go to a christian school to make them change their minds and especially do n't start abusing them !
be. just leave your children be who they truly are or love who they truly love !
and i know there are so many christians or religious people who are allies with lgbt and to those people i thank you for actually being smart .
and thank you for those who are n't even religious at all or are n't even in the lgbt community who still support us !
this message is just for me to get off everything off my chest .
but seriously all jokes aside this whole transgender situation has to be addressed .
so many transgenders are getting abused discriminated against and even killed just for being themselves and the same goes for the gays lesbians and bisexuals !
why the hell do people have to care so much about how we live our lives ? !
and how dare they think they know what 's good for us ? !
they have no fucking idea what it 's like to have gender dysphoria no fucking clue !
and yet here we are in 2020 and there are still so many fucking people dying from just being in the lgbt community .
cause it takes one person ... to do a world of harm ... or.. a world of kind-hearted goodness ...
please share repost comment like whatever ... just let the world know about this .
let the world know that sometimes ... people may seem very different ... but in the end.. we are all human ... and all we want to do is live normal ...
there 's not brightness setting still and it 's soooooooo dark at times .
need to be able to see a little better .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
on the mk2/3 's the lcd ca n't be turned off or dimmed there 's no prevision to do so in hardware .
i liked the medic class a lot but the smg 's where not that good .
does it mean the smg 's needs now more bullets to kill a person ?
congratulations i wish you get everything you 've ever worked for .
from the bottom of my heart i love you man .
this is a series of scripts for a hypothetical animated series based on earthbound .
the latest episode finds our heroes in threed conflicted over where to set their priorities .
do they investigate the infestation of zombies and save the townspeople or do they take the opportunity to abandon threed and escape to fourside where the world may be in danger ?
you can only find out by reading episode 14 honey flies and grapefruit falls !
sure just like an unrelated incident that is n't remotely connected to the point of discussion yeah .
one of the top posts on this subreddit though it 's over 200 days old is with this vanity and someone in the thread is selling theirs !
ganryu was pretty decent iirc but people do n't really like playing fat characters i guess .
lei is jackie chan him being popular is obvious .
to me they just seem like worse choices but i 'm just a biased kuni fanboy and do n't care about any other character .
is there a more iconic duo than assassin 's creed and leaks ?
i 'd be curious to see when this releases though
when i took ostarine with my trt it tanked my shbg .
started having high e2 symptoms gyno prone even with low numbers .
it could be that grindr hookups are just not for you some queers are wired that way .
the only thing you can do is power through it or find some other way of meeting men .
i also find it hilarious how these records '' are constantly dragged out by commentators .
p.s i love the new title 😂 tentacle master '' 😂
probably not a smart escalation but i 'd assume they 'll chase me and kill me either way so might as well run down a few .
of listings 23 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=author 3a 22secretbridgexxx 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on feature=legacy_search no .
of reviews 84 view https www.reddit.com/r/sexsells/search ? q=flair 3areview 20title 3a 22secretbridgexxx 22 sort=new restrict_sr=on
does n't she know the crazy climate people started fires to blame it on climate change ?
lol so happy the propaganda this shit site parrots to the front page is getting pushback .
everyone else charging like 215 210 cus they think they can tax and ppl will pay that .
i grow my own bud and people seem to enjoy it they keep coming back .
half the bud that goes for 215 is n't even real loud looks like babyloud and probs smokes like shit .
i have one plug that gets some fire fire he does ounces around the same price .
i definitely would only buy from him if i ever had to buy weed idunno abt the price tho that 's stupid steep
the best way to scare a tory is to read and get rich
now they 're all gon na get preyed upon by the pedophilephiles .
is she old enough to understand i love you so much but mummy needs space right now ? ''
even without sexual abuse or even narcissistic douchbags as parents i have friends who get touched out '' by their kids and need some breathing space .
if nothing else its good to model to her that she does n't need to accept physical contact if she does n't want it .
i really hope you can work this out kids are so physical so it must be really tough
should we talk about the fact that the first avatar is a dog ?
most games you enjoy are a cheap trick to trigger a dopamine release do n't be a smartass and reduce everything to some trivial bull shit .
company tries to do something nice for tax right offs as the system is designed to encourage ...
yeah but humans having to dress up as cats for a stage show is one thing .
in a movie with a budget like this they could have done the whole thing as cgi animals and it would be entirely less weird .
they could have even had actors in the regular stage costumes and been less weird .
this musical just did not translate well into a movie at all .
back to makeb we help secure and build more isotop ships .
the republic tries to stop us or whatever and we fight .
we meet cytharat again now a darth working under darth vowran renew our romance and we marry .
no at the end jerry 's girlfriend leaves him for a better mouse and he hops down with tom .
if aurora can recover then we have a fighting chance .
i know they 're pretty strict on the rules but i have n't seen any mentions or concerns .
homeless people primarily need mental health and drug rehabilitation services not a back-to-work scheme
lots not all or necessarily even most just a significant portion
what would you suggest is needed to complement the voluntary schemes and help from charities that do exist ?
of course i dont want my gf to be talking to this guy but i think the decision should be for her to make to what is morally right and wrong now that we are official .
i trust my gf 100 and respect and am grateful towards her for telling me this information .
he probably does n't really see that as a bad thing .
it is up to you to decide what you want to do with your property .
to finish this off you could grab some short under-exposed shots of the core to counter the over-exposure there and stack those in too ?
i wanted to give it a go but there are no players online .
i liked that since i often find open world games overwhelming but i can definitely see it .
i 've completed it many times alone with 1 person 2 people and max people never really had it crash on ps4 too
i 've had the game blue screen more times farming scraptrap for infinite exp than during woton raid .
yea i realised that 5 seconds after i posted .
day 123 for me today i appreciate the warning !
have noticed some cravings to blaze creeping in as of late but at this point still holding strong .
helps that i moved from co to a non-legal state a few months ago and have n't been back for a visit to my mother country of canada either as the temptation would 've been overwhelming !
the event names are only number of times right ?
we 'll have to wait until the 2nd coming to see if christ even wants or needs 10 aircraft carriers or if he 's going to go with a fleet of airliners .
you can bring that up at your first job interview .
using the electric water boiler to boil the water before pouring it into the pot to save time .
i also got this problem on my mi tv 4x it drops the 5ghz hotspot connection from my phone ...
my girlfriend has learnt from the time i texted 'crab flavoured pringles taste weird . '
that if she asks what i 'm thinking i 'll tell her but it 's probably not going to be profound or insightful .
this is actually very beautifully done and really impressive that you did this with no music .
i have to go to sleep but if you are close to charlotte nc i could make at least that happen .
especially if you have someone hack the chat logs or otherwise alter them even in real-time .
a simple malicious script can be used to target a specific person chatting and change their posts to something that is more malevolent than it actually is .
change i 'm going out with my 18 year old girlfriend and get some poon ! ''
by simply replacing the 18 year old with 12 year old !
wow ... a totally normal male is turned into a pedophile illegitimately and since the usual is guilty until proven innocent ! ''
automated tools just do not work for things like this .
even automated tools with human moderation does not work !
it is the main reason why i do not trust any electronic evidence today ... it 's way too blipping easy to manipulate the evidence .
borders were actually reset to what they were in 1792 with the exception of some minor towns in flanders .
france lost only those territories that it annexed during revolutionary and napoleonic period .
everything else remained the same since 1768 and the only new addition which still is part of france nice and savoy in 1860 .
if you are attempting to make a request for a subreddit your submission title must include the text request ''
please feel free to resubmit your request as long as it follows the rules https www.reddit.com/r/nsfw411/rules .
no source requests if you are looking for a specific video performer etc your best bet is r/pornid or r/tipofmypenis
this is not the place to find more videos like this '' or similar .
in other words the answer to your request should be a subreddit .
this includes your subreddit your website yourself your content etc .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw411 if you have any questions or concerns .
i ca n't really complain but since it is in beta there are many bugs but it 's performance is phenomenal .
with a 5 ghz speed internet you should be good to games .
but since many people use the wi-if in my house i 'm not sure if it 's the people slowing it down or the usage .
overall i would highly recommend geforce now to anyone looking for a cheap way to play high-end games .
your submission has been automatically removed because your reddit account is too new or you do not have enough karma .
please read the rules and the posts at the top of the sub for more information .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wouldyoufuckmywife if you have any questions or concerns .
i should be doing math for i have my finals tommorow
i 'm the same height and have definitely been told that i 'm too tall to be attractive and how much hotter i 'd be if i was 5'5 .
the part in the middle when that piano-like instrument joins in with the tune gives me goosebumps everytime .
first seen here https redd.it/ebbdje on 2019-12-16 96.88 match .
visit r/repostsleuthbot i 'm not perfect but you can help .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post '' https redd.it/enkvn4 '' meme_template '' null
jinhao shimmering sands has a multi color shimmer but much smaller like glitter .
other than that the alternatives are all much more expensive
i highly suggest you rethinking your cpu decision and looking at ryzen 3700x .
it 's as good or better at literally any aspect .
and it has a great motherboard available for it msi b450 tomahawk max
first to go for a no mg build you 'll still want to get a unit out of the hq .
albeit horribly not considering the fact that you 're often not floating and how much bleed matters .
i believe off the top of my head the pioneer should consistently beat the rear echelon if conditions are proper .
if the build is pioneer into three grens into sniper that will cost 940 not counting starting resources manpower .
which is about 3 and a half minutes roughly assuming an average income rate of 270 .
the usf build will be 3 rifles into lt. that is 690 not counting starting resources manpower .
this is 2 and a half minutes of manpower income roughly assuming an average rate of
pioneer is better then the re sure but the riflemen are much better then grens and ostheer does n't get the advantage until it reaches sniper ?
build times are roughly 24 seconds for grens 20 seconds for pioneers 15 seconds for t1 do n't quote me on that but it 's close enough .
the time it takes to build not considering idle time waiting for income but both of these builds are on the floaty end so i do n't care enough to test and i am on my phone .
usf can get 2 riflemen out at 0:25 and 0:50 respectively .
ost can get out t1 at roughly 0:20 when the second pioneer comes out .
then this is followed by a gren at 0:44 .
this means in the first minute the ostheer player has 3 units and the usf player has 3 .
at the 2 minute mark the ostheer player has 2 engineers and 3 grens .
the usf player has 1 engineer and 3 riflemen .
the pioneer consistently can edge out the rear echelon at close range .
the consequences is it makes it very dangerous for the riflemen to close in on grens since they have to be careful with the pioneers around .
good pioneer micro also means more sight for the ostheer player being able to spot the usf army first means the ostheer player can unify and take defensive positions and win the first fight .
the usf player will likely be slightly spread out in fear of an mg that is not there rightfully so .
grens with their 16 damage and solid accuracy are excellent at long range model drops if grouped up .
at this point the usf and ostheer have a single goal manage the sniper .
the usf player will want to kill it since the army comp is heavily not in his favor .
the ostheer player will want to keep the sniper alive and healthy to maintain that advantage .
the solution is m20 rush for the usf player and 222 rush for the ostheer player .
the 222 has similar but at least in my tests slightly better timing by a few seconds to the m20 and trounces it .
the theory to handle the 222 is usually going for the stuart .
obvious move so the counter to that is a pak .
i think this is 45 seconds so we 'll see this around 2:53 yes you could start this early but we are not counting times you are n't floating so i am simplifying it .
the is is 45 seconds so we will see this at 2:55 .
at this point the tech is even and the army comp is slightly in ostheer favor not counting the flamer upgrade that you should get when going double pios .
t2 will take 20 seconds to build and cost 100 manpower .
consider the fact that there will have been a lot of bleed at this point and these timings can easily be manpower or fuel limited and represent no more then an impossible but illustrative best case scenario .
i believe the ostheer player will bleed less since they can pick better engagements having the larger army and having more sight .
overall the ostheer edge at this point is notable .
at this point the usf player needs a stuart and the ostheer player needs a pak .
whoever is ahead on bleed may be able to squeeze in an mg or healing much much easier for the ostheer player .
at this point the math is getting less useful but this should be enough to highlight the balance in this matchup vanilla .
the grens have a vet 0 snare with 20 range to the riflemens 15 .
pioneers can build cover and rear echelons can not .
pioneers can get flamethrowers and rear echelons can not .
the 222 vision allows you to bait an m20 or stuart into the old hold fire and double tap a retreating vehicle while pounding it with a 222 .
a flanking gren with a faust with better range then usual is going to help .
the sniper can inflict heavy bleed and offer more vision .
the teller mine and the m20 mines are comparable .
overall i think wehmacht and usf have so many options for very balanced matchups .
i would n't call triple gren into sniper into 222 into pak at any real disadvantage against usf .
tl dr spot their guys first with your insane scouting arsenal pick good fights benefit from a usually stronger army and fairly even capping power .
use 222 with a pak to pull off cheeky double taps with hold fire .
edit yes i know my math is really meh but it illustrates a point .
if anyone would like to correct anything or share test results i welcome it .
edit 2 with ostheer it 's a crazy heavy faction on attack move .
if you do n't attack move you 're doing it wrong .
from stationary weapons like flamers lmg effectively grens the decent setup time on the mg42 .
attack move is really a core principal of ostheer so make sure you use that .
the arc is too puny on the mg attack move can be worse even with how fast it is .
riflemen want to close in to around medium range against all squads .
is n't iq testing supposed to be culture proof ?
as in its about pattern matching and pure logic not general knowledge ?
at least until you have enough to get her to ascended which requires a total of 8 copies btw .
do note that you can get her twice from quests though .
so when will a giant dome appear around my town ?
yeah i mean living in the uk people tend to walk around all year in shorts and t shirt ... o wait it 's cold as fuck here and 9 months of the year everyone has a least a hoody or summit on that will very much act like a gi
there 's no difference just personal preference whether to say skill points or magic points unless you choose to make them different in your game by giving each character both skill points and magic points and giving physical skills skill points and magic magic points so magic characters can still use skill points to defend or attack just less than physical characters and physical characters can use more attacks but limited in the magic because of less magic points it 's really up to you as your the one making the game .
i do n't think an alias is an advantage unless the perception of the show changes and catfishing is just seen as part of the game .
there was a hint of that in the first series when it was said it did n't matter if kate was really that face as the person behind the face was what mattered .
but last year the producers took the easy route and went down the whole catfish hunting angle .
are you asking about the ... thrust of an ejaculation ?
i got a sceptre u27 4k 60 hz 27 that i bought from amazon just for 180 and i probably will use it with ps5
i sent you a global part at least so you have that complete .
i would put it on one of your longer lines so it makes more money and remember that money is calculated as the crow flies so the straighter the better .
maybe put the express at paris volgograd or if youre not that far paris-kiev or amsterdam-minsk or moscow of further ahead .
the worst that 'll happen is nausea and/or the wobbles . ''
my point is that as a newbie you should get in the habit of journaling .
make note of dosage effects time of day last meal strain source etc .
basically as much info as possible so that you learn your limits and make better choices in the future .
so whatever you read may not apply to you .
use your own notes to know what works best .
the last part was part of the chorus in the french intro but not in the one i found in english
it 's just another series like fifa where they change up the roster a bit but it 's the same game .
noone on the mod team ever talked about a limit like that either .
maybe reddit thought you were spamming and gave u some sort of silence .
who is does n't select their ownership kits these days days ?
if you believe the military is a bad thing then it might follow logically to assume they 're doing a bad thing by recruiting people .
i 'm not saying this is my belief just that people believe it .
väittäisin että romaneita kohtaan on enemmän ennakkoluuloja mutta julkisesti niitä ei tuoda niin helposti esille koska se on jostain syystä vähemmän korrektia kuin lestadiolaisille naureskelu .
nooooo way thanks man i kinda have given up .
but schneier 's pack of cards algorithm is definitely easier and less suspicious .
paz knew too much about msf and needed to be silenced .
i have not yet played persona 2 is it good ?
wow i 've probably wasted like hours of time going back to the tower for this reason thanks for the info .
he says that in a way but that does not mean its 100 true and if it is it can just be a story mistake .
also there is a chance the human souls would rebel against asriel d
yeah someone else just pointed out you can just about see the ladder
oh on a related note i want to share with you this kick ass candle i got recently !
i saw it and it was love at first sight
i would only date her if i knew for sure her babies ' daddies were in jail to be released soon .
adults sometimes indulge in children 's music as well .
yeah you can import your character but it is mostly just importing the decisions you made that carry over .
you 'll have a lvl 1 character again and can build a completely different one while keeping the decisions you made if you want .
no items really carry over but there are some things you will get if you finished certain quests in certain ways .
i shot the boy mike-mike in his hind parts .
https www.target.com/p/snack-pack-unicorn-magic-19-5oz/-/a-53804911 ? ref=tgt_adv_xs000000 afid=google_pla_df fndsrc=tgtao cpng=pla_grocery 2bshopping_brand adgroup=sc_grocery lid=700000001170770pgs network=g device=m location=9004314 gclid=eaiaiqobchmi7zw2sjp95givhk7ich2mpgpjeaqyasabegkq3_d_bwe gclsrc=aw.ds i just had it for the first time a month ago .
just clear an area and disconnect from internet and you 'll be fine
we still are but hardly talk anymire because life .
there 's been multiple cases of people being eaten by escalators
i could never pick as it 's always changing .
right now i recently discovered girl in red so i 've been really into them .
i really dig eye on attraction 's sound but feel its a bit too alt rock for this playlist yet have an alt rock playlist i threw them on link below
i think you need to get a clit clamp to connect to the nipple ones
you 're acting like the crash did n't happen because we got out of it relatively better off than our contemporaries .
just because a thing happens outside imaginary lines on a map does n't mean that the thing did n't happen or has no effect on us .
definitely he 's a control freak but i do believe she can hold her own and she 's definitely got him on lock .
he did go out and try to find solid employment at her request so i feel she does hold power in this relationship too .
i like her how she did it in a manner that was n't aggressive .
she 's crafty in getting her way when she really needs to and i 'm all for it !
any that i know of that use usb are quite expensive .
if you can just use 3.5mm cable a͟u͟d͟i͟o͟ ͟s͟w͟i͟t͟c͟h͟ ͟b͟o͟x͟es are pretty cheap and get usb to 3.5mm adapters .
um you did not get even close to 300mil power in 1 month unless you spent thousands of dollars
i went all in you was scared now you fallin
and im ballin aint no income but i still come
since a young boy i knew what had to do
so i put my mind to it then i put my grind to it
01150 we be out here we be the hood heroes
hate or love me but the skill you cant deny
you say you got cash why the card say declined
since a young boy i knew what had to do
so i put my mind to it then i put my grind to it
last year the only time i had physical contact was on two occasions where my boss shook my hand and when i visited family for christmas .
i got three hugs from my two brothers and my dad .
it 's easy to remember when i can count them on one hand .
here 's a few things you need to know before contributing
no sexism transphobia homophobia racism or general harassment will be tolerated .
we are not a hate sub and any slurs hate speech or nastiness towards anyone will result in an automatic ban .
disrespectful vulgar comments will be removed and may result in a ban .
this includes names social media handles or links clinic names etc .
here is reddit 's policy regarding posting personal information https www.reddithelp.com/en/categories/rules-reporting/account-and-community-restrictions/posting-someones-private-or-personal
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/botchedsurgeries if you have any questions or concerns .
this is some sweet revenge for how cocky ravens fans have been for the back half of the season
parts 1 and 2 are the only parts i consistently watch in english they all absolutely nail it .
plus i love how part one dubs makes the dialogue more british .
it makes the ending feel almost like a shakespearean tragedy and elevates the emotions so hard .
plus jonathan is voiced by the absolute chad that is johnny young bosh
there 's something about him that i find extremely attractive lol .
i mean scrambling around for 5-10 yards ai n't gon na get you back in this game and lamars arm is a liability .
se não compreendem isto pergunto-vos como está a ser trabalhar na caixa do pingo doce seus analfabetos ?
cue magic johnson so many times we promote the individual ... ''
throwing a game is more toxic than a quick chat .
one is slightly annoying but can be ignored and you can choose to not let it affect you .
incidentally i just saw an ad for it that did n't look altogether terrible .
tira is one member of a small group of people who leave the country of meodheim think of what would happen if vikings made it to the 18th century on a voyage to the isolationist island country of pruscylda japan but if it was just ainu people with a lot of pacific northwest influence too .
she wanted to leave meodheim for a change of scenery and to study the magical traditions of the pruscyldans but also to follow the man she loved who led the expedition .
tira is a runecrafter or in basic terms a magic user .
she works with runestones which are used both as weapons shot out of rune guns to cast spells and also to power machinery .
magic and runes also feature heavily into the meodish religion but tira prefers a more scientific approach to her work .
she met the scribe meodheim 's patron spirit in a vision when undergoing the ritual to become a runecrafter and she was honestly a bit disillusioned and startled by what she saw .
still she 's sensitive enough to religious people to not say exactly what it was she saw .
tira is meodish but her parents kauko and helga were of kaunic basically imagine scottish clansmen but as sami reindeer herders descent .
this is where she gets her very pale skin and dark hair from and in a country with a mostly blonde and red-headed population it stands out .
mutual isolation due to their distinctive appearances brought her and her love interest the half-pruscyldan harald sigurtha together .
as a member of the runecrafter 's guild tira often works closely with the meodish west boresia company a trade company that promotes meodish business interests in foreign lands .
when working with the more rugged types that associate with the wbc tira often ends up being seen as the resident smarty-pants .
sometimes she 's teased for it but she 's easily the most literate and has the best penmanship there .
tira has a smoking habit and carries a clay pipe on her at all times .
on a more wholesome note she absolutely gushes over any cute animal she sees and spends a lot of time wanting to hug puppies kittens bunnies and other such creatures .
this can sometimes cause minor tension between her and the fur trappers she goes to pruscylda with though i play it for laughs rather than serious conflict .
later in her life tira 's pursuit of understanding pruscyldan magic and her interest in education will lead to her founding the pruscyldan magical academy after the modernization of pruscylda .
i 've never seen a thread deviate as interestingly as this .
being that we have that we should have an extra 3rd in our pocket i would n't mind
i mean ... the villain is always the hero of someone else 's story but trump is really the one to complain about bullying ?
the discharge occurred before the events of the first gears of war due to him going against orders which had pretty big consequences as far as i remember .
it 's why marcus is in prison at the start of gears of war 1 .
you have spent 3λ to submit here making your current balance 0λ .
u/cheesegirdle please comment ! givelambda to the most helpful advice you are given .
description|a painting of the interior of a diner.⤶ ⤶⤶used music ⤶⤶https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=se5m7fkcv4y list=plfndwznaxra0_vhflqgukorihuj-v5e_t index=10⤶⤶https incompetech.com/music/royalty-free/index.html ? isrc=usuan1100731⤶⤶https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xn-jc4wrgru list=plfndwznaxra0_vhflqgukorihuj-v5e_t index=15⤶⤶https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=sgl_hrxluh4 list=plfndwznaxra0_vhflqgukorihuj-v5e_t index=24⤶⤶used artwork ⤶⤶https www.deviantart.com/chrisostrowski/art/the-great-library-597339967⤶⤶https www.deviantart.com/ancientking/art/room-of-hidden-things-547173963⤶⤶https www.deviantart.com/darekzabrocki/art/warm-gathering-553643875
i just had a convo with my wife tonight about what is pick if i could only keep 3 bottles for the rest of my life knowing thar is have to be able to find them in store and buy at msrp .
jim beam black good enough to have neat and cheap enough to mix
this site is n't part of our whitelist and has been removed .
if you think this site is reliable and this comment was removed wrongly please message the mod team and we will look into it .
otherwise please download the video and upload it to erome and share it with us !
click here to cast your votes and make your nominations for the bestof2019 awards !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/porninfifteenseconds if you have any questions or concerns .
you i are not lovers in any way shape or form ...
gruff voice they died as they lived ... stupidly ''
it 's supposed to taste funny it 's gnome ''
that guy could n't possibly hit us from that fa ... .pfffft gurgle ''
you 're going to leave me a widow before i have a chance to be a bride . ''
who do i have to kill around here to be in charge ? ''
he who smelt it dealt it so technically this burnt corpse is your fault captain ''
you say these things because you have n't felt what i felt .
do you know how painful it is to be abandoned by your dearest friend ? ''
yep it was around for awhile but the mod left reddit and the sub was locked by the admins standard practice for modless subs apparently .
u/ovincent requested it on r/redditrequest a few weeks ago and i 'm a mod there as well and now r/thruhiking is open again .
absolutely what above said ... do not stay it will happen again !
do not listen to your heart or your bf ...
sometimes in life your heart is just plain wrong and your brain needs to make the decisions that keep you safe .
women 's hearts tell them to date guys in jail that they 've never met almost all end badly .
their heads new better but their hearts were in control .
i was wondering what the hell was going on all through the series how they like blatantly ripped off the o.c .
one google search later and i realized the creators of the o.c .
she noticed how he tried his best to look good but kinda messed up .
jess put up a slight smile and flicked back her long hair .
unfortunately your comment has been removed due to rule 6 please post questions in the stickied q a thread .
if you believe this is an error please contact us via modmail and we 'll sort it out .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/switchhaxing if you have any questions or concerns .
i met teddy multiple times and he could n't have been any nicer it sucks to see him like this he 's the josh hamilton of wrestling .
and he probably needs help and probably needs to go to jail .
i have n't followed the chasyn rance story nor do i want to .
but knowing all these stories he 's at the least bit shady .
the person doing that interview absolutely sucks him and his commentary partner did a deep dive into joe rogan possibly cheating on his wife off some comments brendan schaub made and they just have this look of that they do n't shower daily .
ds1 literally tells his whole story during the intro and implies you are the chosen undead .
what do you get from the intro from ds2 please tell me .
are you confident about the rest of you skill set ?
do a thing iterate on the thing drop the thing bring back a lil ' bit of the thing now layer all your things so they get focus at different times .
you absolutely do n't need to but explaining the reasons why you eloped will probably help them cope better .
it 'll help them really understand that the decision was nothing personal against anyone but was what was best for you two and what you wanted and needed to have the least stressful and most happy wedding day .
do you have any photos or video from your elopement/wedding day ?
seeing some photos can also probably help them process it better so they can have a better idea of what your special day was like .
yea i would be more confident against the texans still because i think they 're much less talented overall .
whichever team we play i 'll be much more confident than i was about this game though
aggressiveness is good more teams should be more aggressive .
the hajj has bren commercialised to hell and back by the saudis to the point that there really is n't that much religious significance to it these days .
it 's just something the saudis use to extract money out of muslims worldwide .
then they channel the money to exporting wahhabist ideology into religious schools and institutes worldwide set up in all the major muslim countries or outright pay off governments of muslim countries to look the other way while the saudi ultrafundamentalist ideology spreads .
then the best and brightest '' are sent back to saudi arabia to learn more and in turn spread more when they go back to their home countries .
every time i read a bit of it i seem to have new/different questions .
are the pins on the eco-flex more or a brass or copper color ?
i want to match it up with the greeblie thumb screw .
that lady 100 has been divorced twice and sells lula roe or herbalife .
80 runs tonight the titans need to at least contain it
the seventh seal a young max von sydow as a crusader returning home and has to face the grim reaper/death .
seven samurai kurosawa 's masterpiece that is pretty much the basis for all western action movies since starting with the magnificent seven .
tips of the breasts yes ... those pointy end bits ... . now what could those be called ?
of you want i 've definitely got a huhe package if love to give just peek and see
pegasus has the skill as a level 20 unlock reward
i would n't have been happy with either of these teams winning tbh
tom hanks seems to always to choose humble characters since 1994 .
maybe it 's something like you do n't like pretenders trying to be humble ?
i 'll add that i also like that the villains side of things is developed somewhat with lotr and harry potter too really .
it gives a lot of stakes that most of the marvel movies lack .
thanos 's army is totally 100 faceless and comes out of nowhere .
with harry potter a lot of the villains are recognizable and in some cases even fleshed out pretty decently .
for me endgame had a final battle just for the sake of it and thanos 's army is something they just threw in there to make it happen .
compare that to the uruk hai who we saw were specifically bred for one singular purpose fighting for their literal creator .
i am looking for a younger guy that will stay with me .
your welcome and i 'm planning on getting one soon as well
he made the team on a pto this preseason and was pretty much in the lineup for most games for the first couple months .
he 's been getting scratched more recently i think but still has a spot on the 4th line solidified most games much to the chagrin of rangers fans .
as an international traveler with shit data i usually have my phone away anyway cries in canadian cell phone plans but its always a good reminder that this is very likely a once in a lifetime trip for us so making it extra special is what i am looking for !
that rule is dumb as hell especially in that scenario but o well got ta know the rules .
why is this an nfl cbs playoff broadcast without romo and nance ?
some men are under the belief that showing a woman your dick will magically turn her on .
add in the fact it 's low effort and you can bombard dozens of women with them via apps etc in the desperate hope you get laid and you get this phenomenon .
also helps weed out women they deem prudish '' .
if she does n't like a dick pic she 's probably not dtf and therefore not worth talking to .
women are unlikely to understand because their dating method is diametrically opposed .
guys cast a wide net and reel in what you can .
if women were the traditional seekers the roles would be reversed and pussy pics would be a thing and guys would be wondering why .
sex is a normal part of life and relationships and by freaking out you 're reinforcing the idea that you were caught doing something wrong .
i think it 'd be good to apologize that she had to see it and that it must 've been uncomfortable for her but make sure you add in that sex is a normal part of adult relationships .
if you 're asking a question about an antique make sure to have photos of all sides of the object and close-ups of any maker 's marks .
also add in any background information you have and add in a question so we know what you want from us !
you must tell us the country you 're in .
if you do not provide this information your post will be removed .
to upload photos for this discussion use imgur.com https imgur.com/upload .
click the imgur link upload the photos to imgur then share the link address in a comment for everyone to see .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/antiques if you have any questions or concerns .
i mean i was just making a joke since eagle coaches are notorious for being terrible with clock management but okay .
funny i live in philly and we are n't assholes to each other lol .
well son sorry to burst your bubble but there are no cooks at sonic 's ...
lol i 'm definitely not a fan of trump .
am i not allowed to dislike someone that you like without being a trump supporter ?
it 's not worth anywhere near 4,000 once the sale is made .
we can see the mac address of any device connected as a result we can identify what type of device the user has
my point is im tired of the identity and reputation i have where i live everyone hates me .
i want to start a new life with a completely blank slate .
i agree with the first half of what you said but i do n't think the solution is totalitarianism .
i would say make the church a powerful institution and suppress leftist propaganda streaming from the institutions today .
since i knew it was n't actually filmed in one take i did n't really care that they cut away .
even if there were distinct scenes that were all long takes i 'd be fine with it .
the long take just serves to create extra coherence and immersion for the audience .
if they did n't cut there would have been no way to transition from day to night .
i do agree that it felt like nothing really happened .
i liked it but it was not that memorable .
i would have liked to have seen a lot more of life in the trenches and of course seen an entire big attack at the end .
thats a bell with a drum kit on the side .
possibly but that 's a lot of trouble to go through for a mere 2x increase .
tell your moderators to calm down with the muting of me spud
you look great and your eyeliner looks sharper than a knife woah !
i 'd never try to tackle single ladies '' at karaoke night .
i ca n't remember if you were the bartender but i remember nina would purposely ask the bartender to play that song every single night i think she continued to do it until a week ago when she left .
i still ca n't believe it took me so long to divorce her imagine if i never caught her cheating !
still though a guy who put the last jedi first got 20 upvotes seriously the last jedi .
i would agree with the flaky part especially considering what he did with the colts .
but hopefully a 10 year demotion and chilling with a successful organization humbled and taught him something .
cool yeah if i will try to hop back on tonight .
there is n't a whole lot of light pollution in the atacama desert though .
what are the extra buttons for below the deck ?
i figure 2 are for coin/select but what are the others for
latin for to the person '' short for argumentum ad hominem typically refers to a fallacious argumentative strategy whereby genuine discussion of the topic at hand is avoided by instead attacking the character motive or other attribute of the person making the argument or persons associated with the argument rather than attacking the substance of the argument itself .
this is what fascinates me about the age of the influencer. youtubers and internet personalities are the most relevant and irrelevant people right now .
agreed they are nuts and too full of energy but soooooooo full of love !
but only if it 's a cool rare one like the dead orbit one or something else you never see
i checked 92,309,142 image posts and did n't find a close match
visit r/repostsleuthbot i 'm not perfect but you can help .
report false negative https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20negative message=https redd.it/en9j36
with geomancy charts because so much depends on so much else it helps to know the whole chart .
i see that you shared your mothers down on another comment so looking at the whole chart we find amissio as the judge formed from amissio as the right witness and populus in the left witness and amissio again in house ix the house of high magic theurgy astrology etc .
with via in house viii the house of low magic thaumaturgy goetia etc .
fortuna maior in house i just indicates you and you alone it describes your current condition but does n't speak much to the rest of what 's going on .
amissio is a figure of loss things are out of reach unattainable or just generally weak and unable to hold or be held .
the court configuration where populus is the left witness indicates things that are petering out into nothing signifying that whatever you 're doing does n't have the energy to do what it needs nor does it have the stamina or perseverance to continue to build up everything just kinda goes to naught .
seeing amissio in house ix first niece we see that fortuna maior and carcer are its parents .
while you yourself are strong though slow to start you 're facing some pretty heavy blockages and separations from your goals that stymie you for the time being .
with time you 'll be able to grow stronger as a dammed-up lake swelling slowly until it overflows the dam but that 's later not now .
for now you have obstacles in the way that you can not really resolve without doing your time so to speak .
spend time mediating learning going through the motions and sitting at the feet of your teachers more in order to grow strong enough and then you 'll find that things will get much better down the line .
i 'm so sick of this clown car offense .
tickle his asshole when he 's down like dude on clemson did
if you 're looking for the physics the guy who explained that did well enough .
if you 're looking for the way the mechanism works we would need to know what model it is .
first child is that guy doing the peace sign and disappearing oh wait that 's my dad
i am not trying to rain on anyone 's parade i often stir the pot to see someones meddle and commitment that 's all..i have songs that are flawless lyrically but some just rate a 2 on my scale .
i meant 9s or 10s in your opinion and your mind and that you can not improve anything and it is the best ever in your eyes or your view .
but you have to have a little bigger differential between some of your lines ?
i mean one of the 10s has to be better than another in your eyes .
but if everything you are doing can not be improved then you are a great lyric writer for your own audience .
i was also just say most people want to share their songs and get a few views .
john lennon rated some of his lyrics or songs as trash even though they were big hits for other bands ... i loved most of these lyrics if you were to let other people grade them you would have a wide variety from 1s to 10s .
it is often difficult to actually express what i am trying to say through language .
but you are saying that these lines are equal or better than the lines of every great song you ever heard .
generally you have never heard a better line than your examples or in your life your have never heard a better line of lyrics ... this is what you are saying and how it comes across to many .
people will criticize the heck out of that and i was just letting you know .
and it is ok to do things your own way .
if you think lyric quality does not matter at all to some radio stations ...
i have never seen that bar rad punk destructive industrial noise or glitch on a few small small alt stations with no reach .
we are on the same page as far as a 9 is one you might not change much i feel the same .
but some lines do not deserve any more input imo i look at intent and clarity as prerequisites for everything i try to do .
for me i do n't want to express the feeling of smelling warm dog poop .
but if i wrote it well it might be a 9 .
it gives and offers nothing to me or the world ... even though it can not be improved upon .
i love you tenacity and i do see your effot .
we need more people like you pushing the envelope tc friend .
i got mine pierced literally 24 hours ago and it 's a little swollen and uncomfortable but i took some ibuprofen and it does n't hurt at all .
a few hours ago i started eating solid foods even though you 're supposed to wait a little bit i 've ate red beans and rice and some swiss rolls because i 'm so hungry at this point idec i just chew really slowly .
i also clean it every time i eat or smoke with mouthwash .
i felt like i watched all 4 quarters of football by the end of the 1st half .
they probably got locked because reddit detected possible suspicious activity and they did n't verify their email so now reddit has no way of determining they 're the actual account holder to send them a password reset email .
that 's why no one answered them the first time .
love my aunt is 48 and had he first kid at 42 and my baby cousin last year at 47 .
i do n't know of any iot device that could connect to such a wifi network that has a splash screen login acceptance page .
if you have a wired network in your apartment you could get a cheap wifi router just to run your camera ...
a cup of pellets is a lot i have a 4lb and 6lb bun who gets a 1/4 cup of pellets a day .
if they have too many pellets they wo n't eat hay .
you can try offering different types of hay and see which one your bun likes best .
small pet select has a box with all different types i believe
funny how this aligns with cyber army 's narrative on ptt must be coincidence .
well it might not happen at all otherwise it takes a couple of months to flower and grow .
and you think those in less developed countries are just going to stay there and starve ?
climate refugees are going to push modern nations to the brink .
deion is compatible with this years top theme teams niners ravens along with like 3 others unlike champ .
also one of the best kick returners in the game unlike champ .
he 's also long been a madden favorite amongst players with some years making him playable in all three phases of the game
is there a timeline where you could see them releasing a non-vr or vr-optional half-life 3 ?
or the food was just so good that he was like wow it 's better then my mamas .
i was going on a party boat in chelsea piers and as we were waiting to board i saw a guy taking pictures of what was probably 6-8 year old girls practicing gymnastics .
there was also a large sign saying no pictures allowed .
i was about to say something but as i was approaching him one of the fathers approached him .
the guy was a photographer and a foreigner but even if his intentions were n't sinister he should know it is extremely inappropriate .
keep your money in reach of your own hands until you choose to be legally bound to someone .
the development time per variety is shorter with gmo technology which ultimately means fewer resources going into traditional breeding methods per variety .
this allows a company to spend fewer resources overall making it easier for entrepreneurs to enter the market or develop more varieties with the same resources increasing options for consumers .
or why are you asking reddit what to do with your money when you make that much ?
yes because he does n't bother me trusts me to get the job done right .
he has n't been scratching it and was n't before it was bald .
and i just took him to an emergency vet because it was sunday literally no vets in my area were open .
unfortunately the black pepper op mention is the preground kind that taste like dust .
sorry 19 year old but we do n't deal with racism here
you have a lot of options here depending on how much you 'd want to spend total on upgrading .
i personally have my ryzen build configured to have an aio with a 240mm radiator mounted on the top of the case with 2x 140mm intake fans and 1x 120mm exhaust on the rear .
if you wanted to go all-out you could mount a 360mm radiator on the front then put 3x 120mm exhaust fans on the rear and top of the case .
for a unified fan configuration your cheapest bet would either be fractal design 's celcius cooler https www.newegg.com/fractal-design-liquid-cooling-system/p/n82e16835352030 with matching 120mm fans https www.newegg.com/fractal-design-fd-fan-ssr3-120-wt-case-fan/p/n82e16835352015 ? description=fractal 20design 20case 20fan cm_re=fractal_design_case_fan-_-35-352-015-_-product or arctic 's new liquid freezer ii https www.newegg.com/arctic-cooling-liquid-freezer-ii-240-liquid-cooling-system/p/n82e16835186247 ? description=arctic 20liquid 20freezer cm_re=arctic_liquid_freezer-_-35-186-247-_-product with matching fans https www.newegg.com/arctic-cooling-acfan00137a-case-fan/p/1yf-000p-000h9 ? description=arctic 20fans cm_re=arctic_fans-_-1yf-000p-000h9-_-product .
you could also buy nzxt or corsair liquid coolers and fans and get some rgb but those are generally far more expensive .
you have until 01/13 08:23 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20200114t012358 .
it 's 1st and 10 on the eastern illinois 35 .
u/mgrovier reply with run or pass and your number .
play list https www.reddit.com/r/fakecollegefootball/wiki/refbot datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' elsikp ''
mine are on the windowsill behind my kitchen sink so they probably got sprayed with something .
should show some respect since they 'll hold our lives in their hands someday soon .
i do one page monthlies that serve mostly as a bill paying reminder because i 'm a boring bitch that lives for netflix lol .
i actually am just starting to journal again after a long hiatus and realized i stopped keeping up with it because i was trying to do too much with it rather than what is practical for me .
i was feeling super worried about life but being reminded about the existence of red pandas made me smile .
thank you was genuinely asking for clarification and not trying to refute you .
not to impress anyone but because it gives you some time to get ready before your actual work begins .
it would be nice to beat the toots in the conference finals but i like our match-up against the packers
you can soak them in hot water bleach bleach alternative hydrogen peroxide or some other sort of detergent or soap but i would just throw them in with the other towels and be done with it .
i mean i doubt we 'd get a good look at the ale under snyder
use an email without any spam filters and share your address online .
i think the biggest problem i 've ran into is discussing anything related to all might there seems to be a large chunk of the community being god might worshippers who will think anything god might says or does in the series is law and absolute and any kind of discussion against him or even about him is shit on and mass down voted even if it is just a casual what if discussion .
a lot say things on here cos they got no one else to say it to
it was almost as if they purposely wrote holdo to be the most unlikeable character she could possible be .
and i 'm not sure what the thinking was with those finn scenes .
oh and furthermore if someone eats veggies do they still need fruits to grow ?
why did your parents hate you but not your brother ?
it 's a constant bombardment of jabbering where every thought is shared asking questions that she could 've figured out herself had she given it a second 's thought etc .
i wait for one insufferable word-chain to end before saying okay i 'm gon na go upstairs and take a shower . ''
then as if i 'd said nothing she starts blathering about some new monotony so that i feel uncomfortable getting up .
after a few minutes i look for my opening to go take a fucking shower but the torrent of words continues as i walk up the stairs .
as i reach the top of the stairs i 'm just aware enough of her tone that she expects an answer of some kind so that i 'm forced to answer back .
now i 'm stuck standing at the top of the stairs half-yelling back down about some thing i 'm barely aware of what she 's even talking about .
oh and that 's another thing some half of some conversation she 's having with herself suddenly comes out of her mouth and i have no clue what she 's talking about but i then have to try and figure it out from the truncated context of her carping because i ca n't just say what on fucking earth are you talking about ? ''
i 'm failing to describe this incessant yammering properly .
it happens during movies any car ride of any length even hours long during meals etc .
and usually most questions they ask you are set-ups for her to go on about some soul scarring monologue of boredom .
it gets even better when they ask are you annoyed or something ? ''
i 'm sure there are men like this but i 've never met one .
then what are the ultra-rich doing next to them ?
at this point it 's a because we can '' brag not a this is the last place we have to live '' statement .
apartments next to train lines do n't get discounted because they 're a convenience ... it 's because the noise of working industrialism is so loud so unbearable that only the most desperate among us would possibly consider it as a way to get up in this world .
and now the rich have even claimed that as their own .
only '' millionaires live near the tracks of hudson yards .
billionaires do n't have to deal with that noise .
i want an extra gief to try to replicate his hulk hogan outfit from sfv but he 's just too expensive to get another .
i will send you back some goodies when i receive the last card to celebrate what you 've acheieved
i feel for you.. seriously.. i 'm just some chick that works in auto repair but like you have decided to make psychology your career path.. i can leave broken cars at work come 5:00 but i feel like your situation is probably a bit different .
i definitely agree at this point we just want to know like one or two maybe three definite facts but he wo n't let us have them .
the whole was it planned is so deep from a psychological stand point i mean i 'm sure if you knew the true answer you 'd go off down a crazy rabbit hole given your education specifically .
i really feel like the real justice in this case would be if he was forced to take some truth serum that may or may not exist and spill the tea .
we have approx 40k in overdue invoices waiting to be paid .
we have attempted this before but with the way my dad is he will let them take it home with a promise to come back and pay at a later date .
if myself or someone else were to sit in the front office my dad sits within earshot of it so he can listen to stuff and then barge in to rescue '' the day by letting the customers off .
to be honest i feel as if im the only one trying to make a difference in the company .
my mum rarely comes in anymore leaving all the paperwork for me .
i have to juggle that and the front office as my dad doesnt want to be there anymore and my brother .
well he hasnt been at work for over 6 months .
at the end they should have the knowledge to build their own chair .
if you order a cocktail you should tip more than a dollar a drink .
for draft beer or bottle service it 's fine though
a rotor would cost 4 times the amount of the gun .
i ran a revy on an angel lcd shoebox shocker impulse imntimidator etc .
as long as your goal is n't to just outright outshoot the hopper then a revy will be fine
i run a car channel too https www.youtube.com/channel/uck2pjs9nfbe3lfi023hgufw https www.youtube.com/channel/uck2pjs9nfbe3lfi023hgufw
my router is a netgear r6350 my internet provider is gci and my modem is a hitron coda-45 from gci but only my device experiences these ping spikes .
no other device in our house has this problem .
i did get a wifi extender as my room is another floor above and quite far away from the router .
i have previously moved my pc to download large files off of our ethernet and no problems have occurred other than server-side issues with google drive .
the wifi extender could also be a possible cause but i ca n't be sure .
i have baby eusebio and he s a absolute beast i think he s better then mid pele
i 'm going to add 'bitterati ' to my real life vocabulary just to see the reactions i get from some of the already distraught democrats i still associate with .
i hope they have good insurance if the let ea near that mobility scooter .
but i know to use condoms and not bust nuts in hookups like i 'm immune to stds
it may not have been a lot at times but i always have hope .
nice to know i 'm not the only one that struggles with this .
i wish i lived in everyone else 's world where everything i eat can be scanned .
monitoring this thread to see if i can get some useful advice from the others .
some fast but not easy corners that will require commitment and skill to plus a few good passing stops .
iran has 2 armies 1 normal army and another one which is irgc which is way more powerful than regular army and irgc is chosen from people who are devoted to the regime
early menopause due to chemo 6 years ago just had ovaries tubes out as brca2 carrier .
ca n't take anything estrogen related even herbal stuff .
fusion reborn is definetly worth the watch also because of nostalgia..
old dragon ball z animation is just so beautiful compared to super the broly movie is also good but not at all close to being as good as the old dbz
be sure and stand on the fire a little bit to tank some damage .
that way if one of the bodies has a bandage or sterilizer etc .
i 'm sure everyone knows this but if you do n't have room for an item you loot it wo n't count towards your 🏆
you ever just go into 2017 deciding you wan na be john goodman ?
i bet you 're like silver and commenting on challenger plays .
it 's so obvious. his kit is overloaded this is just an isolated example .
there 's plenty more of these and riot does n't care .
they want for skins for bullshit champs like this .
eventually people forgot about it and i was able to make friends who did n't know about my past .
try the conair defuzzer it costs less than 10 and saves a lot of time
i probably should have thought more clearly about my audience .
this post has been removed because it is low quality .
use the link below if you want to talk with moderators about the removal .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nocontextpics if you have any questions or concerns .
i collect cash as a part of my job .
most of that money was owed to my employer for orders i had delivered .
i want to point out what others have said you can have someone come to your house instead .
we 've had to put precious fur babies to sleep at the vet and hated that it was loud and a scary location for them .
the last one was done ate home by a loving caring doctor and our cat was surrounded by loving family and at home in peace and quiet .
we held him in our arms the whole time kissing him and crying .
it was sad but also loving knowing we did all we could and made sure he left in peace .
the doctor also can also do a paw print there at home .
take a look at overpass turbo it 's a bit of an effort to learn how to build the query the wizard makes it much easier but it will get you what you want !
we all agree that compromise is necessary in passing legislation if you go to a car dealership do you start the negotiation from the price you are hoping to pay ?
you lowball the dealer so you have leverage if you start negotiations with mitch mcconnell with a compromise you have no leverage if you start in the middle you will be dragged to the right .
if you start from the far left you will be dragged to a more moderate '' place but is still somewhat progressive .
i also want to note that during republican primaries nobody ever asks how is ted cruz going to appeal to dems '' they never say are rick perrys vile immigration policies too radical ? ''
these are only conversations that happen when a progressive is fighting for the working class and quite frankly i am sick of it .
at the very least if you support anti-caa protests but ca n't go to a protest buy ticket for chappak .
we should show people it cell has no power to talk over people and ruin anyone who dares to go against them .
i 'm no expert but the tone sounds pretty nice to me dude !
i think a lot of it comes down to taste but my most recent revelation in the quest for tone has been focusing as much or more on the bass tone and the amount of gritty gnarly power it can add to the guitars !
road pirates have been bleeding people dry to generate revenue for too long at this point i 'd say they get what they deserve .
shit piss fuck cunt cocksucker motherfucker tit fart turd and twat .
then get a job or try to get a better deal for 200 bucks .
imo this deal is n't worth the 223 you spend on it .
dolly is another level of talent up there with whitney .
i agree thats really the only thing i can do .
im not sure when i 'll have the chance to talk to him because we both work full time jobs and i do n't want this to be something through text like i want him sat down at the table and explain to me wtf is going on .
no i remember the peach thing but assumed that had happened multiple days prior so did n't think her face would still be swollen from that
higher is the input delay the more you need to pre '' track fire your opponent .
also there is the output delay a 120hz monitor is instant '' compared to a 150 ms 60 hz tv .
and another thing higher your screen is and less fps you have the harder the game will be .
the worst thing about console is you ca n't tweek graphics at all .
i am on pc and since day one i am playing on low settings without shadow to have at least a constant 90 fps and most of the time 150 .
i can told you no doubt you can play with the same framerate on console if you can put everything in low with no shadow .
but sony and microsoft have secret contract with epic so they have no right to do that .
because when new gen gon na be release the whole 120 '' fps not gon na work because it 's not gon na be new .
ps tha'ts why most pc users hate console players instead of massive whine and post to have 120 fps low settings no shadows and they have no clue again sens framerate ping and input delay .
consoles have the potential same power has pc but so many limitation with software .
and also xbox users pay to play online it 's a big joke .
pretty sure when he gets the ball in his hands every single play
nobody is stopping him from airing it out from time to time .
your account is less than 3 days old and you have less than 50 karma .
in our effort to combat spam your post has been removed .
please come back when you have an older account or more than 50 combined karma .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/damnthatsinteresting if you have any questions or concerns .
they do n't deliver to my address in in palo alto mid town
i 'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos !
other than the td throw against chicago to adams that did n't count in 14 ' ?
that throw to cook was one of the greatest throws i 've seen ...
you could also assume that the 1st 10 technology is n't randomly selecting the spot either .
i 'm not even saying he was short for sure .
but people should n't be using one to disprove the other .
short answer it 's a chemical other than thc in cannabis .
thc being what gets you high and cbd being thought to be highly medicinal .
it teaches exactly what you said that looks do n't matter and they 're fleeting glories just like fleeting glories were what those building this church were looking for trying to compete '' with other cities and using faith as a tool for power that the spirit and faith of those using it goes beyond its construction that you can teach and pray anywhere as long as there is a community and the strength of their faith and the justness of their actions do not depend on where they are or where they pray .
i love playing minecraft but i 'm tired of playing alone !
of ppl to play with anyone can add me ... central time zone btw
do you enjoy the taste of piss or just the kink of it ?
from what i can read we 've got roughly from left to right ...
might be crash holly ca n't fully read this one because of the fold
with some help from comments below i think we have the full list .
chillin with a 4.591 gpa 1490 sat and many an extracurricular with enough time to keep a social life and relax
its basically my scraps i have accumulated over a year .
and as for the big names in my titles i dont give a rats ass what you think or say .
joshua is a pretty good heavyweight and could very well be the best heavyweight right now and usually is in some great fights .
most of the time he goes for the knockout but occasionally he 'll be put in with an opponent that forces him to box meaning they have a good chin and wo n't get knocked out easily .
but a fight between anthony joshua and deontay wilder is probably the holy grail for boxing fans at the moment like mayweather-pacquiao except it 's 100 going to live up to expectations .
deontay wilder has a 98 knockout to win ratio joshua has a 91 knockout to win ratio meaning that fight is definitely not going 12 rounds .
deontay wilder is also another fighter i should have mentioned .
he is almost certainly the hardest puncher in boxing history more than mike tyson and in his fights a knockout is almost guaranteed .
his most recent fight was him getting completely outboxed and losing every round until he landed literally one shot https gfycat.com/forcefultastybellfrog and the fight was over .
here are a few tips to minimize your risks when trading in let 's go pikachu/eevee !
most scammers place other users in private situations to avoid having their actions seen in public .
also note that for your trade to count for flair every part of the conversation should be public so that all details can be confirmed .
since another random player can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner is using it is important that you double check that you are trading with the right person .
if you are trading shiny pokémon please make sure that your post and other users ' offers contain the full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules .
this is to provide more visibility so you know how the pokémon you are trading for was obtained .
if you see any posts that do not have the full details please report it so that the moderators can be aware of the situation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
if i could get fiber in my area i would drop shaw quick .
i remember when this was all over the news especially on assemblergames i was a member there .
plus there was this joker who decided to joke about how the prototype is fake using his native french with some bits of belgian mixed in and some people took the joke too literally .
i mean he sweet naivety did wear off a bit by the time i was finishing monarch
thanks for the encouragement i 'll check out the times hopefully i can come along to a meetup over the next few weeks my weekends are a bit full this month
yeah and my case is a lowpro so you can see the plate
if you have 700 in your pocket and your thought is ask reddit what business i should start you are probably going to have a bad time .
with 700 you probably are n't going to jump right into a career but could probably get something decent rolling as a side hustle .
i went to my local store bought a hammer tape measure circular saw speed square level and a few other things .
with that being said i grew up in the construction industry .
i already had a grasp on this type of work and always enjoyed it .
a friend of mine once needed a couple of parts for his truck .
he found a truck similar to his for 500 .
he bought it picked the parts he needed and sold every other part he could sell .
he turned a good profit so he bought another and did the same .
he 's been doing this for quite a while now .
the key is he was knowledgeable and passionate about chevy trucks and what parts had value .
there are always smoking deals out there on stuff to buy and sell .
if it were me that 's probably the route i 'd go if i were you .
find out what you have enough knowledge of and buy and sell that stuff .
alibaba is a good place to buy in bulk for cheap .
i just need to get the samples from someone else
when you have the outlet and greenbridge and several other shopping areas the need for the town centre drops if specsavers disappeared i would probably never go there .
yeah i 've been to mexico probably 30 times i 'm in texas.. corn tortillas are just more popular is all i meant dude .
cheddar cheese lettuce and tomatoes are just more american is all i meant .
i wasnt ragging on the guy just thought it was interesting a european place chose those ingredients .
like i said i dig all tacos and the steak looked dank .
btw he said they were filled with red beans and other stuff like a burrito ... which are n't a mexican thing .
just saying they 're an american thing not that they 're not tacos or mexican inspired things .
though they are the ps3 versions ps4 one was £13 more and sod that for what 's basically the same controller and i had to order them one at a time .
which was either cex 's way of trying to deter scalpers or they really are getting the stock in dribs and drabs .
current ebay prices are high as you 'd expect .
best case scenario you 'll be paying £6 more than cex for a ps3 move and if you go for the ps4 version then things start getting comical .
i would 've thought they 'd be ahead of the curve there
and then you look at the clock and there 's only like 2 hours left before you have to get up ... fml
if you 're not reading proper voltage at the amplifier you 've found your problem .
use the negative post for your black lead and probe before the fuse holder then after the fuse holder with your red lead .
if there 's any loss in voltage across the fuse holder switch to measure resistance across the fuse .
if you read anymore than about 2 ohm you 've found your problem .
2 ohm error for meter leads from there move to the amplifier .
in other words start tracing where you 're losing voltage until you find the culprit .
if everything worked great for months and now is giving you problems you should n't be looking at things like the big 3 as a fix .
daphne is in awe of velma 's big and beautiful ass .
we 're in port and we have to be off the ship in less than 2 hours .
at least there 's some decent options in the box new routes
are these the buildings from that album cover by wilco ?
well i would run them if they were my drops but i would n't buy them .
the other day i saw a comment that explained it .
the original word for chestnut in polish kasztanowy '' refers to a dark reddish colour .
so chestnut even being the closest word is not correct color-wise .
she is a red head in the original books .
i did a ton of searching and this is the highest-quality example of the video i could find .
if you happen to know a place to find a better version of the video please tell me .
so imagine an apple tree that after an earthquake dropped many of its apples to the ground .
if we sectioned off the ground into meter by meter blocks we could easily count how many apples per square meter right ?
and we could even chart out the totals or combine them to figure out how many apples fell .
so without ever trying to figure out some complex formula that involved what of the total number of apples based on the distance from the trunk we could still definitely and simply answer how many apples fell into the northernmost meter^2 zone .
had my first trip for like 6 years on saturday .
they were very welcoming and kind after such a long time .
virtus on youtube has helped me quite a bit with a lot of basics .
the tutorials that the unreal team puts out can be super helpful too .
was told to go in a elevator and go to the 3rd floor but it only went to the 2nd .
that 's wen my anxiety kicked in and asked the customer to meet in lobby .
she just laughed down the phone 10 mins later we met on the stairs cause i could hear her calling me and i told her she needed to put clear instructions for the next delivery driver .
your submission from bloomberg.com is behind a metered paywall .
a metered paywall http en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paywall .22soft.22_paywalls allows users to view a specific number of articles before requiring paid subscription .
articles posted to r/worldnews should be accessible to everyone .
while your submission was not removed it has been flaired and users are discouraged from upvoting it or commenting on it .
for more information see our wiki page on paywalls r/worldnews/wiki/paywalls .
if there is no other news site reporting on the story contact the moderators .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/worldnews if you have any questions or concerns .
the main flaw i see here is that your title does n't match your point .
your title suggests there is no difference between dying painlessly and dyi g from torture .
obviously there is since you 're comparing two things in your title .
but then on the main body of your post you 're clearly referring to the impact this hypothetical death has on the rest of the world which is zero .
if you 're going to argue that that there 's no difference between not being tortured and being tortured you 're simply incorrect .
and if you 're going to argue that dying through torture is no different than dying painlessly because the death does n't matter to anyone you 're also wrong it matters to the person doing the dying .
if i suspected they were the cause of my blindside absolutely .
i would also out any famous person of their fame in that scenario as well .
definitely get your cholesterol checked and see how your body responds to it .
especially if you eat the grass fed butter from ireland .
but im getting the series x when its out and expecting 500
genuinely had a blast so far and i love that you are shown exactly what the difficulty setting change so you know what you 're getting yourself in for .
info young teenager like 13 or almost adult teenager like 16
lots of things are still taught today that will be discovered as wrong in the future .
i am not against a fixed inflation rate of let 's say 2 but that is not the case in our world .
anyway the point is that we do not know if currencies should have a slight inflation we just assume it it has never been tested having a deflationary currency .
also today 's inflationary system does not work at all it is now more debt in the world than we can ever pay back and at some point this will all collapse and some future generations will pay dearly for our flawed monetary system where currencies should have a slight '' inflation .
we are even at a point now where governments and corporations in some cases get payed to borrow money and that is totally insane and have never happened before in history .
when this monetary system crashes and crash it will we will rethink everything and try something completely different .
i 'm curious too i managed to save up some after the maintenance so should i spend them on this sugo since they are gon na be wiped anyway ?
well the sensation is quite great if you can control the pain that comes with it
international labels already have fiber subtracted from the carbs .
if the carbs line is the same indent as the fiber line they have already been subtracted .
you dont tend to see people changing them because it only takes a few minutes to do it .
so you would have to be there when they do .
make sure you know how to navigate through the authoritative literature .
most of the solutions for the sims are laid out in there .
fair enough i was n't accusing her of being underage .
just that some families probably would n't be cool with that .
have a bunch of mimikyus in moon balls if you are still looking
i mean try it for yourself but i 've also heard people say pepper will make you sober and really i think it 's just that a strong taste will distract you from the high and make you feel more sober .
assuming the methods of the study are actually all okay who were the participants in terms of training age and how much muscle did they have to start with ?
ancillary benefits such as improved conditioning and/or work capacity from shorter rest times should n't be discounted .
it 's not a direct immediate benefit to muscle gain but will allow you to do more work over time and recover .
what about preference and the benefits of long term adherance ?
what about available training time and the requirement to have shorter rests ?
sure xyz might be more optimal and if you 're so inclined to alter your training to suit then go for it but for the sake of a few percent which depending on the scale could be grams then is it worth worrying about ?
everything works if you apply yourself to it with enthusiasm commit to it for a long time and believe it will work .
and seeing how this first appeared in finnish on a finnish imageboard it was the finns doing this .
is there anywhere online where i could download them all as one pack ?
connect with other women who have been through it .
do n't answer messages from anyone not on your list .
suppose you have a bucket of small pebbles and you use one or two hands to grab a bunch of them at the same time in your palm .
if you would like to join you are more than welcome
exactly this except i 'm the love through gifts/service. i 'll buy my wife candy flowers make lavish meals have the bath drawn with candles and scented bath salts ... waste of friggin time .
i absolutely want her to clean and surprise me with the occasional i 'm thinking of you doodad and it never happens .
honestly put nyjc sci as first choice then nyjc arts as second .
you would just join via arts and then later switch to science stream during subject combination choosing !
does something have to be dogma before handwringing is justified ?
schmemann heavily criticized the oca 's progressive editing of the churching rite in of water and the spirit and history appears to have validated his concerns about the direction they were heading .
i would imagine a pope who lived through vatican ii and its aftermath is in a unique position to predict cause and effect here the last 100 years have unfortunately proven slippery slopes to be anything but fallacy .
to paraphrase afanasiev a canon is supposed to be the best possible expression of the faith within the concrete situations the church finds herself in .
at the very least it has to be what 's best for the church 's life at that moment .
further eroding sacramental discipline in the name of getting with the times does n't seem like it fits the bill .
honestly tu6 did bring more build diversity to the game compare to the last 3/11/7 meta .
the problem is all these build are all based on a single concept stack armor/health ... which really the pvp of all two division games are about ... .
you 'll find the most incredible stories when you look for subreddits like r/narcissisticabuse r/narcissisticspouses r/raisedbynarcissists and so on .
that 's when you ask for names and simultaneously file a complaint about the manager that yelled and a compliment about the employee that helped you .
does it do enough to big bosses to shock them for the extra damage since there 's a hp threshold for it to proc ?
i 'm going galv high crit and rely on procing shock for huge damage .
works well while i 'm leveling and doing low tier stuff but do you think it would work late endgame ?
i have n't been to a different galaxy yet but i feel like my comment might still apply
this is just like christmas at my uncles all over again
i remember when i made warrior lysithea i gave her the gloucester axe and she critted on edelcunt
the city where i live in its a mine field of dog poo ...
the average dog owner type doesnt help in anyways young dangerous dog .
i ca n't wait until science advance and police can analyse dog poo on the spot have the owner identify out the tag and then fine the owners a huge bill .
i did hendricks into a ghost ... . pulled john randlg abd was going to just add him to the patrick willis set ... . but randle was 450k and willis was 650k and the others to buy were 440k total so i figured i 'd just sell randle ...
i wanted to do that and sell willis and then sell the nats i got in return for training and pull the 83 playoff players in hopes of 93 pulls but i decided to just not do that and take the 450k from randle
i was making a joke on your spelling of course i know about hiroshima and nagasaki
i rolled into it by accident my first playthrough .
i was not a happy camper when i hit the bottom .
titans about to buy him front row 50 yard line tickets for the next game .
but this r/wallstreetbets you know what we 're hitting for .
sucks that happens at the movies imagine people actually living through it .
ako misliš da trolam onda stvarno žalim tvoje sugovornike i ljude koji se općenito upuštaju u bilo kakve diskusije s tobom .
budi mi lijepo pozdravljen i pazi da ne postaneš zrikav od tolikog čitanja između redova .
he got messed up by prof but he beat trif and over lol
you 'll find out when the wave function collapses .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nsfw_gif if you have any questions or concerns .
we 're thinking private speech therapy is the way to go .
costco also has egg/cauliflower wraps that are zero carb .
struck by an oncoming vehicle when she attempted to return to her car . ''
i give less than 0 fucks about reddit karma .
thanks for all the time and effort you and your team have put into this matt .
as someone playing a wildemount game currently for the past couple yearsish i 'm super excited to see what 's different and especially the odd coincidences of similarity ! .
haters gon na hate but so many of us are hyped for this .
how is biden the front runner when more people you know human beings donated to bernie ?
or is the leader the one who has the most corporate and media backing .
either way i 'm only voting for bernie as he is the only one with a decades long consistent voting record for people and not corporations .
formula 1 cars are actually more like an airplane and than a car .
they could easily take off but the spoilers purposely create drag so they do n't take off
my favorite thing to put it on is avocado toast .
it 's impossible to say what treatment you need without looking at an x-ray .
i will say that if 50 of your molar is broke off then you 're probably looking at a crown or rct+crown .
you never know it might not be as bad as you think and a maybe they can fill it .
i for one remember amazing launch games this gen like killzone dead rising peggle 2 lococycle knack etc that were all cutting edge impossible to make on ps3/360 .
oh wait the first round of new games are mostly just eye candy and cross gen third party stuff .
i 'm not sure when it became a bad thing to support existing customers for a year ?
you 're perfectly fine to daisy chain so long as your power draw is n't greater than the capacity that the entire circuit allows .
a surge protector with nothing in it except this sega strip is 100 fine .
summary war w l era g gs sv ip so whip
mets record highest era for a pitcher throwing out the first pitch of a game single season 12.90
total donation amounts upon reaching spring training to each donors respective local humane societies
haha def sounds like what a lot of christians believe .
which if you are true in saying you follow satan that does n't make me feel much better about the state of the church .
btw you keep using quotes around satan does that mean your beliefs align with laveyan satanism ?
if you 're playing the 1 you will most definitely get contact dunks and boom over people since it 's all about momentum .
my badges are 10-15-27-9 but i 'm pretty sure you can get 28 playmaking and 11 finishing if your badge points are correct .
this is the kind of thing that people do when they had specific roles and often happens at school picking up time .
have you asked her why she wants to go see them ?
it may be that she 's seeking comfort from them or if she always used to do the school pick up she might have regressed to that time in her life and be anxious that she is n't fulfilling her role as your mother .
to her home might be another word for hugs or a comfort that her parents provided her and she 's unable to express it as such .
with regards to telling her they 're dead there are ways of doing this while reducing the distress it might cause .
perhaps having an area with photos and fake candles that she can go to when she 's missing them or going through a book of memories and asking her to talk about them and funny things that happened in the past .
her long term memory wo n't be as affected as her short and talking about the past may help her to remember some of what 's happening now .
the other alternative is to lie and say they 're coming later or we 've got a taxi booked for tonight until then let 's ... because if you 're caught out in the lie you risk harming the relationship with your mom and while she may not remember why she distrusts you she will remember the feeling you gave her .
memories are stories in a different part of the brain than emotions and i often tell people that a person with dementia may not remember facts names faces but they do remember the feelings .
i 'm a dementia specialist in the uk and my mum is a younger person with dementia who is quite far gone in her own journey so happy to talk about how we handle it with my mum .
she asks to see her mum every 90 seconds or so and can get very aggressive and physical so we 've been there .
i feel like her performance was good but not award-winning especially compared to the other actresses up for the nomination .
i think i 've spent just about equal time fighting colossus as i have trying to take dramatic pictures of them lol .
some friends and i just came out with our first product on amazon an eco-friendly unicorn party supplies pack .
if you have a little one who loves unicorns and has a birthday coming up i hope you will consider our party pack .
the price of the pack is originally 40 but you can buy it now for 22 with an additional 5 off .
you can find out more about our unicorn party supplies at zoeytheunicorn.com https zoeytheunicorn.com
mines french not the worst but there 's not really a lot of known neutral options .
so since i do n't really pass it 's always the wrong one ...
i think she is a pretty dog and you always have someone to wink at you
it 's nearly 9am and i 'm sitting outside my classroom with around
so i guess my sudden nakedness would surprise them as much as myself and the topping in the cake is that it 's cold as fuck outside .
i 'm a recovering alcoholic so i understand the temptation and obsessive thoughts that can happen when you 're trying to quit drinking but no one is forcing you to drink .
your friends are n't pouring beers down your throat and no matter where you move you 'll never escape alcohol .
i ca n't buy a frozen pizza at my local grocery store without walking down the wine aisle .
you may need to take a break from your friends until the worst is over but once you make a decision to stop for good being around it wo n't bother you as badly if at all .
this seems to be the metric they are using .
in the real world however whoever switches on data without buying any packages is an id10t .
its not a realistic metric to use in any way shape or form .
do i think that same sex couples will now discuss whether they want to choose to exercise this new right that they have been granted ?
is that the same as forcing marriage on people ?
ok so if he had mentioned or included persecuted muslims would n't it allow non persecuted muslims to enter india or something .
like how does india know that particular sect of muslims are persecuted .
the same way india knows how the other religions are being persecuted .
all he had to do was say that there is a process for expedited citizenship in india if you are being persecuted for your religion there is no reason to specify that there is a process for expedited citizenship if you are being persecuted for your religion if you belong to x y and z religion .
and if they had included muslims what would have been the present nations condition care to share any thoughts
one of the reasons why i say you shouldnt spend too much time here and got downvoted for it is precisely this .
if you are on this subreddit all day that means you are taking some time off other things you could be doing .
i understand how you feel football has become less important as ive progressed further in everything else .
oh wow unbelievable that you 're able to recollect a dream so long ago .
my question is if its likely months or years later doesnt that make the likelihood of the topic occuring in your waking state much more of a coincidence ?
did n't expect to watch the whole 20 minutes but i did .
i 'm not claiming that that 's the best/healthiest answer but that 's generally when i go .
i am a middle school teacher so i guess i would be a registered sex offender and escorted off the property by our in house officer lol .
fable 1 and 2 were good games lying peter and all .
... in any event dance will be in the series eventually .
just like every big event in asoiaf eventually made it into got .
this is about that i got but i 'm an amab femby sooooo
love it when they talk about ornn skins but they have n't played ornn since release
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
you should have a lil snack too maybe some veggies or some crackers 😊
people who put swastikas everywhere do n't need leniency .
they are drawing the most well known hate symbol of the last 80 years .
as a jew i see swastikas frequently and it always hurts .
after reading op 's posting i was equating internet with wifi access but yes thank you for the clarification .
yes i did went to the chemistry building spoke to chemistry coordinator went to class on the first day to talk to the teacher spoke to my advisor went to the college of science went to the dean office .
i did everything you could possibly think and nun happened .
and then you 'll be bored of it after a fortnight
why tf did anakin not say rey finish what i started to mirror kylo at the start of the trilogy .
it 's a new blaster from fivebelow a break-action shotgun very similar to the xshot vigilante .
wow such a great pack you selected some random mods .
i mean it looked painful but not in any real danger to losing his life
i think it 's more of a sense of it than smell .
all animals know what fire is and run from it .
so it 's 3:46am here in england and yet again i 'm laid in bed wide awake watching tv .
i 've really struggled with my sleep recently me/cfs and insomnia really do n't mix well and so i was wondering if you 're stuck awake right now why ? !
let 's have some late night chit chat to try and clear our minds 🥰
currently i try to commute once or twice a week and other days i 'll take the bus .
i 've tried one week where i committed to ride everyday but i got so exhausted by day 3 that i finished out the week and then ended up taking a break from riding for the rest month .
any of you have any tips on building up stamina ?
how do you stay motivated during your ride and motivated to keep riding .
how long was your adjustment period to becoming an everyday kind of biker ?
30 puppies different activities to figure out which is the best puppy for the girl .
they still do the commentary but its just videos of the puppies barking and rolling around cut throughout the show .
i have some faded memory of this show but ca n't seem to find it online .
the lead character wore glasses a green shirt and was blonde
he had 2 brothhers one who always wore a green cap and black shirt and the other had some spikey blue hair
one brother had in one episode an obcession with a superhero armadillo or some other animal alike man
in the opening/ending credits the main character raised his arms from which some visual effect happened like lightning shooting out of his hands
in one episode some female character wants revenge on another character and says something along the lines of revenge is sweet like chocolate '' and takes a bite from a chocolate bar might be misremembering and might be from another show
i know i should n't play trappy openings and i really do n't i 've played the giuoco piano for a year or two now .
i 've just got a buddy who loves playing aggressive chess and i wan na play something fun with him .
i 've started playing the stafford gambit as black against him because it 's the perfect opening for easy aggressive play imo .
white can go wrong very easily and natural looking moves lead to traps early in the opening for instance
all of these arise after white plays seeming natural moves and even whites best responses 5. e5 or 5. f3 leave black in an okay position where he certainly is n't lost .
my friend plays the king 's gambit so he would have an easy time defending against it .
my question is/tl dr is there an aggressive opening for white where it is very easy for black to go wrong making natural looking moves and where the main line does n't have white in too poor of a position ?
i find all these apply to the stafford gambit is there something that would achieve this for white ?
i was thinking about the panel where mikasa noticed her scarf missing probably taken by louise .
i was thinking maybe louise runs into hitch and annie and annie will notice the scarf and get louise to lead her to mikasa kind of like how falco led reiner to eren ?
mikasa is the only one concerned about what eren is doing right now with everyone occupying themself with something else .
perhaps this can lead to mikasa and annie planning to stop eren since annie wants to save her father ?
i know they are still technically enemies but maybe eren wanting to destroy the world will find them some common ground .
curious to see what you guys think of this .
i wo n't say the actual id but it 's a name similar to breadwolf and kept getting the id not allowed pop up .
so i started deleting letters to figure out what was so wrong with that and turns out is because of
obviously my name has nothing to do with hitler .
i was wondering if it 's possible to contact psn and will they create the name for you if you tell them or is that useless and there 's just no way around it ?
it is like a soap opera has lots of episodes/manga it may be understood as a very long and boring anime made before 2017 but not before 2005 .
it follows a guy who gets in a relationship with a blonde girl then she dumps him and he then gets into a relationship with a brunette girl only for the blonde girl to come back and interrupt them .
that is all that i can remember does anyone know what i am talking about ?
i have an and 5600k that i got from a friend to mess around with .
when i got it i right away put a 212 evo on it cause it 's better .
within afterburner i realized it was running at 2°c .
i looked in cam and hw monitor and it turns out it was reading way off from package temp which read correctly .
no idea why this is happening but also under load reaches package temp of 80°c or hotter .
it should n't be this hot i do n't think and i made sure cooler is properly on and even used a h100i for the fun of it and it still got ridiculous hot at idle being 50°c .
temp is reading wrong and it gets really hot at base speeds .
ca n't find anyone with either of these issues to the same extent .
must be done via your app on your phone ... .
can not be done as of right now on pc .
i figured this out tonight ! ! ! ! !
it was a game i played as a kid when i used to play on sites like y8 g9g etc ... . basically you were a gangster and you enter fights with other players and earn money and buy items to enhance you stats i remember it was through auctioning or something like that
the game picks a fight with a random player and the fight is calculated automatically by both of your stats there arent actual fighting or key clicking or so i remember maybe there were fighting mechanics but i remember there wasnt any animation for the actual fights .
i do n't really like being termed gay or homosexual it just feels awkward .
i do n't feel authentic or truthful when i say i 'm gay .
for a while my assumption is that it 's discomfort with my truth or some variant of repression residue .
but maybe it 's something in me at odds with such classifications of identity .
on one hand identifying as gay is identifying with something much more than who you have a sexual response to but on the other what does that really do in complexifying myself ... .it asserts some kind of gay self still i 'm gay in every fiber of my being not just in bed . ''
that 's still self limiting a gay sieve a gay prism .
so to call myself gay just feels like an extension of that .
i almost prefer the days before there was a word for it i like that position .
i like whitman 's matter of factness about same sex affection not in identity terms but in living and breathing and being terms .
when i get to the part where they double-click on the skyspherematerial just about here https youtu.be/9dyqub-ezwm ? t=1306 it opens up with a bunch of nodes .
however i only get two an rgb color node connected to a skyspherematerial node .
i 'm using the most current version of ue4 so not sure this has anything to do with it .
needed for my philosophy class i 'm going to have to buy it tomorrow night if i do n't get a pdf by then .
just some basic advice i wish i listened to .
apply early in school and practice behavioral questions ! ! ! ! !
i got an offer after four interviews but the first two were my dream jobs and i screwed it up because i had on the spot responses for the behavioral questions that were poorly spoken and choppy .
some companies responded almost 6 months after i applied .
apply early and make sure you guys look up common questions and have good well spoken responses .
i have a 2001 mercedes slk230 mt and i 'm having a hard time finding anything local there 's a ton of at though .
i was wondering if it 's possible to swap the trans with one from a 2002 mercedes c230 mt ?
can you explain the differences if it 's not compatible thanks !
i 15f has always clicked better with people older than me although i do n't like to think of myself as mature likely quite the opposite really ... .
i meet this girl back in september and although i was somewhat intimidated at first we quickly became friends through shared hobbies and our personalities clicked .
we talk all day and she 's the first thing i see in the morning and the last person i talk to before i sleep .
we 're only friends but we 've gotten incredibly close throughout the months .
she 's expressed interest in me before she knew my age but quickly reeled it back and we drew the line once i had told her .
i thought i was safe since we could obviously never work out unless i wait three years and even then it 's quite dubious .
my body refuses and i 've fallen madly in love with her .
i 've tried to repress it god knows i 've tried but at the end i 've had to come to terms with that i 'm a freak .
i feel so euphoric whenever we talk and we 've been a great support system for eachother whether it be mundane complaining or genuine mental breakdowns .
i feel like she 's the only one i can completely be honest with as i 'm quite a reserved person otherwise .
i just ... wish i was born a few years earlier .
usually it 's fine the feelings are always there but i manage to push it into the back of my head .
sometimes they 're so intense that they consume me and i fall into a depressed mood for extended periods of time .
i ca n't ever tell her because i know that this will definitely not work out especially because i 'm so young .
but at the same time i do n't know what i 'd do if i lost her .
i hate it i hate myself for falling so deeply for someone i ca n't have .
i hate myself for being unable to curb my own feelings and push myself to where i could keep it completely platonic .
i feel like such a degenerate like i 'm a lowlife for being in love with someone who is so much older than me .
so i came out to my mom as agender and she kept asking questions that i honestly did n't really want to answer .
they were just about like sports and stuff mainly and like if it was awkward at school and i really wanted to say no it 's more awkward at home but i did n't .
then she was like i was wondering when you were gon na tell me and i was like what the heck does that mean and she was just like well ... ..
i 'm super nervous to tell my dad because he 's said some kinda homophobic things recently but i hope he 's gon na be accepting to .
this video more or less disappeared a whiiile ago .
had a plain background and a mattress without sheets on it .
had a somewhat petite blonde girl with hair on the shorter side .
it only had a single camera angle facing her while they did it doggy .
her speech was mostly unintelligible to me but she did keep saying cum '' .
she grabbed the mattress so hard she started to lift the edges a bit .
if anyone can find this i 'd be grateful .
i posted on here before and things since then have gotten.. weirder .
i told the girl i like that i liked her we 're kind of dating now .
we never really text since i 'm always bad at texting with my irls it sucks .
this is just gon na be a messy rant full of nonsense and bad grammar and sentence endings .
i started at a new school last year august of 2019 and it was great but i had an abusive father i lived with then .
i ended up attempting suicide september 5th since i could n't handle living with him anymore .
i remember i survived and did n't tell anyone irl that i did real physical harm .
my mom found my note so i said it was just a rant .
but on the 7th my dad came to my school and shit went down .
i was pulled out of fifth period because he was there to pick me up .
the school counselor warned me and i told her i would n't go .
i said i felt like i was in danger .
two adults school counselor and schedule guy he works with discipline as well .
about being gay about how i was betraying him about how i 'm brainwashed about how i 'm hurting him everything .
he said he was going to drag me out of the school .
the counselor said it was illegal and my father said he did n't care .
he tried to get up to do so so i proceeded to go and hide in the corner of the room .
sidenote this was all right next to my science class where my atm crush was and my current girlfriend was .
he shouted at me for more time i cried and slid to the floor and just shook .
eventually the people almost had to call police and he left to get my sister .
i was scared of loud noising very badly for months and since then i have n't talked to either of those teachers .
my father taught me crying was weak and i have trouble with crying especially in front of people .
i have a new schedule because i passed math and am instead taking robotics .
my new schedule is very very stressful and i get upset and overwhelmed everyday because of it .
i emailed my advisory teacher about it and i hope he can talk to the schedule guy who was in the room when that happened about it since i do n't wan na see him .
i feel like he 'll pity me or treat me fragile and weak or just be mad .
the computer i use every day in my first period class got a virus and the teacher is blaming me .
i 'm scared of it since when i was called to talk about it my voice became all shakey and i seemed guilty and scared since i am a perfect kid '' .
i have huge issues with confrontation and being in trouble i 've never been sent to the principles office in my whole entire time in school never been suspended or gotten a grade lower than an a .
he would scream at and even hit my sister if she got b 's or sent to the office so because of it i never do anything wrong to the point of being caught .
i need to be the perfect kid or else i 'll be punished .
i 'm so scared they 'll be mad at me and blame the virus on me .
i did n't do anyhting but what if i did ?
it 's dumb and everyone feels it but i do n't fit in .
i never talk to anyone and nobody ever talks to me .
i should be like everyone else at my school but i 'm not .
im going through a bad time rn and its making me be an asshole and rude .
i had an awful hallucination i cant listen to my clock anymore without crying i need help but needing help is weak an i cant talk to anyone .
i just wan na be okay with myself god fucking help .
expect an ass whoopin from us from now on .
i like to think of this as a way to measure somewhat a qbs risk aversion towards getting hit .
most guys are on pretty much the same level but the few at the top and the bottom stand out to me .
i 've got a question regarding gold farming in the current phase and state of the economy.i try to farm money for the epic mount of my twink but so far i am having problems figuring out how to efficiently do it .
in the beginning of classic i farmed devilsaurs and sold the leather on ah .
this does n't seem to be that profitable anymore .
for dm jump runs or tribute runs you need at least one other partner .
i 've read about rfd disenchant runs but at this very moment a small radiant shard on my server goes for something between 45-80 silver..
farming lbrs pyromancers for recipe drops robe of the archmage and gfpp envolves a bit of rng drop luck .
other than that only thing i can think of at this moment are brd pickpocket runs .
my gear is pretty good nearly all raid gear obtained so this should n't be a problem .
is there a way to make babe ruth switch from pitcher to outfield in-game in franchise in the show ?
i ca n't edit his file to being outfield can it be done during the game ?
selling 3x female 5g each and 7x male 5g each .
lowering price to get rid of that last ones .
i have a general idea as to how this stuff works but i 'm struggling to grasp what exactly it is i need to do to get an ethernet line ran into my basement .
i currently live in the basement where cable internet enters the house into a neighboring room to where i want the ethernet line simple 15 ft run away behind some baseboards .
my modem and my router are both upstairs plugged into a cable jack in a central room to best disperse the wifi around the home as it 's about a 3500 sq ft bungalow where it would be very difficult to try and fish the ethernet to where i want it to go ... would require more work than i believe i need to do and would be about 50 ft of fishing wire through the ceiling and walls .
my question is is there a way that i can simply hook up some sort of switch router or a hub/modem in my basement where the cable is entering the home where i can simply run my ethernet from there without disrupting the router and modem i have upstairs ?
just wondering what is the best way to do this .
another option i know i have is that i could hook my modem up in the basement room where the cable enters the home and fish a small ethernet line upstairs to the router in the room above .
the only issue with that is i may not end up with the greatest wifi signal at the far end of the home for my other family members who also need the internet but dont require ethernet line as this would mean the router would be in a room on one edge of the home roughly 35/40 meters away from the opposite side of the home give or take
i 'm not overly interested in a booster unless someone knows of one that actually does a good job cause what i 've read is they are n't that great generally .
i currently am running with an asus rt-ac5300 router which says covers 5000 sq ft so i would assume that would be 2500 radius meaning one side of my home would be left with minimal connection .
i heard someone say if i remember correctly the lightsaber blade goes in the chunky side like he has n't done legos in years .
the last time i did lego 's was 3 hours ago .
fljaysen is my snap i 'm so horny and i send all types of stuff hmu
my fiancé and i are looking into buying a newer home and we came across a house we really loved in secord .
we have been currently renting on the north side for just over 3 years now so moving over to the west side would be a bit of a change for us .
just wanted to get some opinions on the area from people who live there .
i 've read a couple posts of there sometimes being a bad smell ?
also was wondering how you guys find the amenities in the area ?
and also wondering how the walking trails and parks are ?
personally this anime is a 9.5 out of ten because i loved it .
the next day people were asking me if i was okay cuz i was sad .
sad the kaori died sad that she did n't confess till the end happy that arima is now free from his trauma happy that everyone is together except for k-kaori i wish i got to see more of watari and tsubaki .
we did n't see much of watari 's reaction to the lie or just more of him .
it feels like he needs more i guess character development because i see him as a plot tool .
tsubaki needs more screen time i think the reason people hate tsubaki and arima as a couple because we do n't know a lot about tsubaki expect for her jealousy toward kaori and feelings toward arima .
if we at least got an ova or something with arima and tsubaki as a couple i 'm in for it .
i 'm conclusion this is a peice of art 😭😭 oh yah i need to mention the ending was spoiled to me but it mad the anime sadder to me even the happiest moments .
just knowing that 's around the corner while kaori and arima watch the stars and go shopping and even in the school they made me cry too much ... ... thx for everything your lie in april .
thinking about playing edelgard route again since it 's my favorite i also did all routes .
so i 've posted earlier about this and things have changed a good amount since last time
i am currently paying 1050 a month to support my 4 year old daughter .
her mom does n't like that she can not control when she gets the money each month so she told me she 'd be willing to drop the case in order to receive half the monthly amount on the 1st and 15th of each month .
i owe about 1000 in arrears only because it took a very long time to get a court date and i was not sure how much to pay each month while waiting they subtracted what i paid previously out of the total arrears since they collect from the time i was served
dcss in california has stated that they do not want to close the case because i owe arrears even though the mom said that i paid them in order to work it out on our own .
do you need a 0 arrears balance to close a case ?
would it be easier just to go through the court or dcss system on all this ?
i would make things a lot easier on me cost wise and it keeps everyone honest .
when you folk have a failed print what is your next step after cleaning naturally ?
do you relevel and uses the same file or do you leave the level alone and reslice the project ?
i wan na binge spider-man venom doctor who and anime but to do that i 'd need to buy netflix/disney bbc and crunchyroll .
that 's a lot of money if i intend to keep those subscriptions for longer than a month .
is there one service i can subscribe to that hits at least most of those and is n't disney that shit 's expensive ?
b/o 22 arcanas pa/tb for classic 13 arcanas pa/tb for bayonet .
god why the fuck did you create a human being like me who ca n't stop getting addicted to anything be like ? ?
what am i supposed to do ? just jerk around while you are watching and laughing ? cut it already and give me some peace i have n't enjoyed for 8 years
my rabbit is a little over a year old and is a really brave fella but hates being held .
he always flails and kicks we never hold him really high just in our arms when we sit on the floor .
is there any way to get him used to it or are we too late ?
first time posting in this sub so i 'm a bit on deep water here .
i recently took the plunge down the rabbithole that is sw legacy content .
to my understanding the comic goes for about 50 articles ?
am i on the right path reading these if i want info on post canon material or do i need to look elsewhere ?
i had my heart set on the m-audio code 61 but the reviews have put me right off .
maybe i should get a more simple keyboard and a separate daw controller ?
i am brand new so only have cubase but i will try others i play guitar btw .
yesterday i got 14 battlebacks outta nowhere and today 10 more my friend also logged in and he didnt get anything btw im on ps4 .
would it stretch and fade out as the baby grew and got bigger ?
got any stars fans in denver going to the game tonight ?
let 's get rowdy and help our boys stay ahead of the avs tonight in the standings .
like the title says our kitchen sink takes upwards of 5 minutes to reach maximum temperature .
no other faucet takes this long but it 's worth mentioning we have a tankless water heater .
what things can i do to fix remedy this ?
also the handle for the faucet has to be in a very specific configuration for it to even begin to warm up .
i have messed with the intake valves and did n't have much success .
our water heater temp is set to 125 for the house .
my friend suggested garibaldi and deep cove i would be driving there but how are the roads ?
are they very snowy compared to the city in end of january ?
i dont do any winter activities like skiing etc i would be just going for the views and nice scenery .
will there be space in the parks to just relax and walk around ?
are some areas cleared of snow for visitors to just relax and view nice scenery ?
note ill actually have 3 full days in vancouver but i wan na spend 1 day perhaps seeing some parks
i 'm thinking of the gandola beginner snowmobile and winter zipline .
you are allowed one so make it a good one .
i 'm going to download uk but i do n't mind if it 's from another country 's download lineup !
hi everyone i hate having to ask for help but i really need it .
i 'm moving 1100 miles across the country at the end of this month to escape a job that caused me severe mental distress and the costs have been so much more than i imagined .
thankfully i 'm moving to a better job closer to my home but it 's going to cost me 3000 to get out of my lease as well as over 2500 to get back home .
my cashapp is hawks4 thanks so much for reading — every little bit helps !
my friend has a 580 and apparently he has catalys drivers and not adrenaline drivers .
i could not find anything about catalyst drivers on google in the past 3 years .
has anyone taken thomas skuzinskis uap 4344 law of critical environmental areas ?
i am a grad student who wants to take one kind of laid back course .
so cardozo is my number one school but i 'm freaking out i wo n't get in !
if anyone has gotten in or denied from this cycle can you please lmk stats ?
i retook the lsat yesterday and do n't think it went well .
right now i have a 3.5 gpa and a 154 lsat .
hey there this is probably not the right place and write this but i try and get a little bigger on instagram so if you have taken 1 minute of your day to follow me then you have done something good😁 post a lot of exercise etc my instagram is-blongaal https www.instagram.com/blongaal
i really need to start getting back into reading but due to the long commute i cant find the time to sit and read .
im open to anything that you feel that someone should read listen to in their life time .
i think i 've seen some throughout my 25 year life and i never knew what they were for !
i created a new domain like mydomain.name and set up a catch-all redirect for all emails to my personal address that only a few people know .
when i register with a new service i give then a unique email address .
for example i used bestbuy mydomain.name with best buy and amazon mydomain.name with amazon .
using this approach i can come with new emails on the go and do n't need to pre-register them .
when you do n't have a financial hardship your payments are capped at the 10 year standard .
do n't know why people even complain if they do n't want to take a little time to fight back .
it 's a pita but really not that hard .
sure but facing b1g defenses is considerably harder than facing big 12 defenses .
i have a surface book 2 15 inch with a 1060 and its super portable .
it can handle anything you throw at it i can pm if you 're interested .
i am going to refrain from my typical snarky comments .
color blindness is a deficit in the perception of color and we use our retina to transduce light energy into neural impulses not our iris .
you 're definitely right in that there 's a problem with the pigments of the eye but these are the opsins in our photoreceptors not in the iris .
the pigments in our iris are what gives us our eye color !
it would have been one thing if you were in there showing her around but she was essentially snooping .
if she were a decent person she would be paying for the damages .
even if i was broke i 'd offer payments for something like this .
i mean i understand becoming a russian tool to defeat clinton by hating on her and not voting my buddy also in the army also a hardcore bernie supporter but no way he 'd ever support trump .
i have a clearance and it was beyond comprehension to me how hilary claimed that she did n't receive training .
i 'm way below where she was and no way i 'd have an email server .
i 'm probably also a lot more tech savvy than she is and given that i code that 's not saying much .
on the day of the election i posted an eerily accurate i for one welcome our new russian overlord '' .
hi u/mook96 in order to make a comment you need to set up your flair first !
http pokegiveawaybot.tumblr.com btn if that does n't work here is a visual guide for redesign reddit https i.imgur.com/dc0koqv.png and this is a guide for classic reddit .
http i.imgur.com/qkw7hto.png please enter one in the format 1234-1234-1234 ign by using the edit button in the sidebar where it says
make sure the box is checked to enable flair .
if you do n't know how to find the 12 digit number you need please check out this guide for the switch https en-americas-support.nintendo.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/22438/~/how-to-view-or-change-your-friend-code or this guide for the 3ds http www.modojo.com/features/nintendo_3ds_friend_codes_everything_you_need_to_know to find your friend code .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongiveaway if you have any questions or concerns .
that 's the disclaimer so dudes with fucked up rifles do n't clog up their customer service line
my heart rate and cortisol levels generally increase when i do calculus .
not as universal as the cross though i should have thought .
if you want specifics look at this wikipedia article https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/historicity_of_jesus
if you want to learn about the current state of the academic research on jesus and what most scholars believe you can find a lot about it online .
i 'm not pulling your leg when i tell you that modern historians pretty much all agree that jesus existed and you 'll find that i 'm telling the truth if you research the topic online sticking to mainstream unbiased sources of course .
just sit on my face and let 's call it a night
switch out your leg presses for unilateral work like bulgarians and one legged glute bridges/hip thrusts .
more bilateral exercises will never fix the problem you are experiencing .
same thing happened to em too on the daily run !
so general greivous i see that you have assumed punkass-teenager form ... prepare to battle
they probably just wanted to lift the bow and create a sense of waist in this straight dress
eric bledsoe is their point guard at times maybe a bit more then giannis .
and yes i have been a season ticket holder for years .
not sure where you were trying to go with that one buddy .
you make excuses for a player that refuses to help his team out after they publicly ask him to shoot .
and it 's still probably ridiculous with that change thanks to thoughtsieze and company .
it 's about making yourself feel good through hurting others .
i said i 'd build spikes there too because nobody would want the safety hazard of homeless people sleeping between two busy streets .
i 'm trying to keep them from getting hurt .
i originally heard this as two letters and it was about communist leaders .
how would ranked being at a different tier increase the population of lower tiers in randoms ?
my old crew is long and gone it 'd be cool to find one like before count me in invite me my psn is the same mutinystrike
the good place is not meant to be taken at all seriously does this even have to be stated ?
not everything in the media is meant to be a teaching moment .
he 's gon na kick it into the end zone after all this lol .
wingdings were discriminating against people who did n't fit their traditional view of sexuality long before they knew trans people existed .
this person is absolutely adding fuel to the bigotry fire but it has been around since long before they were born .
you have until 01/14 08:23 pm est https www.timeanddate.com/countdown/afootball ? p0=0 msg=playclock iso=20200115t012358 .
it 's 1st and 10 on the delta state 38 .
u/adrianthereb reply with run or pass and your number .
the clock has stopped datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.play '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' elsl5i ''
i see some of your comments are removed so it 's a bit more difficult to get context but the overall feel to me is op is actually expressing proper empathy a rarity on reddit whereas your comments come across as combative in expressions your frustration rather which never is going to go well in any discussion involving sexual politics .
at any rate i do n't think it 's fair to cry sexism here because nothing in that post was marginalizing the woman 's perspective in terms of the discussion .
rather it 's typically more often from what ive seen that the male perspective gets dismissed in various ways .
not familiar with the background can anyone pls explain why this happened ?
i watched the beginning of the game and this came out of the blue meaning no bad hit or anything before this
i think trappin this way was confirmed by lil boom on insta
the key disputes between peterson and the sep is that peterson does n't know what he 's talking about whereas the sep is accurate .
yes government provided healthcare is indeed socialism or at least incredibly close to socialism on the communist-capitalist scale
make mistakes and learn we should n't do them .
now we should probably start out small like running in a dark house and mentally imaging everything in your head and successfully dodging all the tables and couches then stubbing your toe on a box full of the original robot cops and falling forward and busting your chin on a steam punk clock someone left on the ground
how the fuck do we come out of that with a penalty
how could you say something so controversial yet so brave ?
at some point we knew liz and bern had to fight .
especially because they both desperately need iowa and nh .
tbf he was waiting for smart to catch up .
i 'd probably feel a lot safer taking a styles clash from someone who 's 6'4
in my mind it 's a comedy simply because i tend to talk/write about my own experience with mental illness in a sarcastic or comedic way but i suppose i can incorporate elements of that without it necessarily being a comedy as a whole .
this concept is what 's pushing me to try screenwriting at all .
would you recommend starting to work on it as a feature-length film and see from there if it would work better as a series ?
cuba had about 7 million people in 1959 so clearly castro killed 140 of the cuban population
if you were to have realistic human psychology in any number of genres you 'd probably get booed off of the metaphorical stage .
i 'm into both so i have to choose which i 'd rather do in my free time .
i can try opening my gates again since i 'm not seeing you
gen 1s and 2s they can go out into the wastes collect parts and supplies and they can operate machinery designed for humans the infiltration units however are jack all useful .
attending the funeral of the wife of a friend in a couple of days .
you do n't know each other but you are n't alone in what you are going through .
find time to grieve once the busy-ness is over .
i 'd wear iori 's outfit in a heartbeat to fill the mexican stereotype .
the only problem is that i 'm too short .
you got it i 've been dying for a 4+iv foreign ditto lol
i enjoy zoey 's content and watch her streams whenever i get extra time .
i 'm not 100 sure exactly what zoey suffers in regards to mental health but i can probably relate based on past posts she 's made .
i know people irl who say stuff like why are you depressed ? ''
i hope this ends before i have to go into work in the morning .
luckily with att i can call my boss to let him know i 'm running late
yeah that 's certainly one aspect of it at the very least
the reason why i stated it 's not far fetched because guys would never admit they were raped and i guarantee you that the bronx hoodrats that she fucked would never explicitly come out and say they were raped by her .
i know this because i live in queens ny they were more pissed that they were robbed instead of thinking about whether they were raped or not .
but is it far fetched given the situation and her statements ?
there might not be evidence of it but then again those guys could give two shits if they were drugged and raped .
now that sounds like the bernie i know ! !
he does n't care if you are dem or rep he wants you to vote .
does that sound like a man who would keep his friends from running ?
i kind of want one that just always has the colors this one has under the photo flash .
as much as i hate the yankees for flexing their payroll and paying for top fas at least they win cleanly the astros are worse because they cheated .
i 've caught one salt water cusk and that 's it .
we do n't have the freshwater ones in nova scotia where i 'm from .
all i said was that i liked that he is getting more powers
i 'd put down some kind of collage and decoupage the heck out of it followed by a good clear top coat .
feel free to dm me and if you struggle with your dad
im so down for this ... . hopefully natasha gets the last f4 spot in this theory and not kelley she weirds me out
that game is full of non canon fan serving shit .
your problem here is thinking people hate the flacco trade because he wasnt a franchise qb .
nobody was expecting to get one we just didnt want a qb who was clearly washed up .
flacco proved what everyone with a brain knew in 8 starts that had him on pace for a 4-12 record and 12 td 's over a full year .
case keenum was more competitive than that last year with musgrave and vj .
it 's not a stretch by any means to think he would be more competitive than flacco this year .
posted this on my fb and this chick who never likes or comments on any of my posts commented saying i do n't think that company has ever claimed to cure/treat cancer .
no one is forcing anyone to buy anything ? this lady has breast cancer and i 'm guessing she also has a friend or may have sold or is selling this shit based on her reaction .
the first one i did n't even notice it at first
your post was removed for not having the right title format .
please refer to rule 2 located on the sidebar and located when submitting a new post .
please resubmit using the following format country/state h comics you have w comics you want for example ny h complete sets of ghost rider floppies swamp thing n52 tpb vol 1-3 and more !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/comicswap if you have any questions or concerns .
w h a t. have you ever been on the internet or anywhere around young adults ?
i have heard c o u n t l e s s stories of people getting drunk and hooking up with someone .
plenty where it went fine and they had fun and plenty where they regretted it .
as someone who is an actual survivor and has also gotten drunk hooked up and regretted it there is a huge difference between regretting a bad choice and being raped .
you ca n't just cry rape when you made a dumb decision it 's makes it hard for the people who are actually raped to come forward because everyone believes we 're lying and overdramatic .
i do n't play pig very often but i reckon save the best for last would be one of my perks if i did .
yeah you guys have every right to be pissed too dw lol .
even 18 you guys lost to boston but probably gave them the best fight of anyone
the super rich love and will always donate money/illiquid assets/art pieces .
best way to get those sweet sweet tax deductions .
he can handle the ball fine pretty damn well for a wing player actually
it 's annoying everyone thinks he 's garbage at handling the ball because of that month in cleveland where he was forced to be pg
like iman shumpert should n't be running an nba offense but if you compare him to wings who fulfill a similar role shoot 3s and play defense klay danny green robert covington wesley matthews etc he is a much much more competent with the ball in his hand
to get reddit upvotes all you need is three things .
i am in new home and have been dealing with this and i knew what i was getting in to .
trampling my grass running paint hoses across my yard and driveway building scaffolding on my grass and filling my trash can with trash is not what i signed up for .
now that they finished the houses next to me .
the perimeter of my fence is a moat because the builders next to me decided to grade their yard a foot higher then mine ! !
my builder is now stuck with the re grading of my home because of it .
this fucking game will be on till 1am wont it
homosexuals have sex with people they 're attracted to some of those people are trans
hetereosexuals have sex with people they 're attracted to some of those people are trans .
straight men who have had sex with a transwoman are straight men
mine is strangely louder than all my other gear and i 'm thinking of changing it out .
i would n't say its an amazing book but its fun
pretty much what every mtg book should aim for .
we are n't live yet but you join our discord you put in a whitelist application subject to a interview then you gain access .
we are one of the very few high tier redm servers .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/guitarpedals if you have any questions or concerns .
maybe so but it 's not like he was putting up super star numbers and when you get kawhi you go all in on win now .
in the book live from new york they rehearsed and partied so much the actual performance sounded terrible
i have a weapon generator i have been working on and need help with the final touches .
i have it set up to where there are five rarities common uncommon rare legendary and exotic .
i 'm a former bernie supporter and this just is annoying !
they are trying to bring down a political ally !
rollins ' hairy chest makes me go wild sorry had to put that out there .
imagine destroying horn ... of all things on a vehicle.. the horn had to be upgraded ? ?
bruh if u r a boi and u get that notification
honestly we 're just on board to be in the super bowl
this is the least funny thing i 've seen all week .
i 'm betting he would have done it if asked .
espn is probably scared he might say something controversial .
if you do n't agree with it you 're free to go somewhere else .
the daredevil movie had a lot wrong with it but michael clark duncan 's physique was a great way to show how imposing fisk can be .
y'all i 'm ordering a pizza what toppings do i go for
the queen of england is an old fart click click click click
zed could be weak as fuck and still be banned because people are incredibly afraid of him for some reason .
when you have a nice briny pickle a good spicy mustard and you use the turkey as your roll who needs bread ?
i 've seen this line a couple times recently and i 'm glad it gets the love online that it did n't get in my friend group .
they loved the song but not this line as much as i do .
it 's great because it 's a quick throwaway line that invalidates the entire premise of the song .
they 're a really good offensive team but they 're incredibly prone to turnovers and they isolate a lot which makes them not very fun to watch .
there are quite a few language exchange groups on meetup.com .
can you please update us on the rescue/helicopter bill .
this is exactly what i was thinking as i watched tonight .
every woman we see much of just seems awful .
i just love the extraneous bullshit required for everyone to drive stick .
it 's not push clutch and select gear '' apparently everybody has to double-clutch and float gears as if their 2003 civic is a 1920 's bentley in order to feel that much more special .
if somehow isaiah simmons is on the board at 21 i 'd be all over that depending on the available wrs .
we need a stud lb of the future in a real bad way .
but he 's gon na be gone almost certainly .
actually we 're a lot of water ... like 80 water ...
he tried so desperately that it 's blatantly obvious that it 's like whoring
the speedy nature makes it a lot of fun !
what is her game plan here what are her conditions ?
so if tyrande wants the banshee 's blood '' then what 's the point of refusing to sign the treaty ?
i already told you why she may be more than unwilling to trust the horde .
yes there were iranian-canadians on board that died but when does the nationalities of the passengers determine which country investigates the circumstances of its crash ?
canada has a legitimate point to claim compensation for the families of the victims and whether or not iran made any attempt to identify the aircraft could strengthen that argument .
why would you make me see this with my own eyes ?
yeah the sound editing was sublime elevated my opinion and interest in the trailer/movie so it did its job .
i 'd also think bolas ' citadel and aetherflux resevoir would go really well as a way to use that extra life you gain from extort effects
to a 24 y/o son such as carlos ghosn ?
no but i 'm a 27 y/o daughter if that counts as experience .
going to such lengths to pity carlos ghosn i see ... .. 🙄
mr. brad i did n't see the game changing from the changes i helped spearhead '' scott ?
except no one understands that a turn lane is an actual lane and not a fucking parking space .
hello u/dr__cocaine__sir please make sure your submission is within our rules r/drugs/about/rules and resubmit it as a text post r/drugs/submit ? selftext=true .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/drugs if you have any questions or concerns .
add me on xb1 i love seeing new builds and appreciate creativity feel free to come by and build away !
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
having 2 separate mmrs was the stupidest idea ever anyways
oh man i 'm with you i thought it was a terrible film .
was shocked to hear folks at work raving about it .
do you know if the nu technical detergent is the same ?
i 've seen people recommend grangers nikwax etc for tech wash but never the arcteryx nu detergent .
i know some of what i have to do ... low fat low salt lots of vegetables a little bit of protein every few days exercise exercise exercise no fast food no pre-packaged food .
but a lot of this is very confusing and a mystery to me .
i did n't read all the comments but i 'm surprised i do n't see a top comment correcting these statements .
especially if you 're going to exercise exercise exercise ! ''
exercise is not required for weight loss or to immediately improve your health !
you can lose weight eating nothing but junk food as long as you count calories .
you just wo n't be very comfortable or healthy .
your primary goal should be to eat your predetermined number of calories per day and any exercise you do lets you eat that many more calories .
some people call this eating your exercise calories '' .
just do n't overestimate how many calories you are burning when exercising .
it 's often a lot less than the treadmill or fitness tracker said you burned .
there are hundreds of people who have lost a ton of weight eating a high fat diet on r/keto without even being hungry .
even if that 's not the diet for you read the wiki and understand the difference between good and bad fats and how much protein you should eat per day .
if you stop eating those things you will probably lose weight with no effort at all simply because you 'll automatically be reducing your calorie intake without even realizing it .
i personally did n't have much success with a high fat diet .
i found it too easy to eat too many calories .
instead i do n't mind being hungry in the morning or most of the day and r/intermittentfasting is great for me .
eating vegetables is great but you do n't need to become a rabbit to be healthier .
when you 're in a rush or do n't have the energy to make a proper meal you 're much better off having a frozen dinner than breaking down and getting a burger and fries or ordering a pizza .
plus all the macros are right in the label !
like at least one other person said do n't jump in the deep end head first and try to become some sort of health guru over night .
you will almost definitely fail and then you 'll see yourself as a failure and that brings around the cycle of depression again .
just see how much you actually put in your mouth .
a lot of people do n't realize that even when they 're trying to be healthy they are eating 4000 calories a day or whatever .
second figure out some healthy goals how much protein do you need every day to maintain your current lean body mass .
eat that much of it plus a bit more if you exercise a bunch .
i actually ended up going to a nutritionist who had one of those machines that measures your metabolism through your breath to determine my resting metabolic rate .
my insurance covered it but it would have only been 100 .
everyone talks about the 2000 calorie diet '' but as a 6 ' 5 '' guy mine was more like the 3400 calorie diet .
trying to eat what normal people call a diet '' is just starvation to me .
it 's good to know how many calories would maintain your weight then start by cutting out 500 calories a day .
that should result in losing a pound a week .
it 's never steady though so do n't feel bad when the scale numbers go up and down .
but if you truly are n't losing any weight then your numbers are wrong .
calories in and calories out are all that matter .
the only difference that what you eat makes is how healthy and comfortable you are on that diet .
so if you 're not losing weight then first make sure you 're not eating more than you realize and if you 're not then lower your daily calories .
i 've lost weight by just counting calories without extra '' exercise by counting with exercise and by not really counting but only eating one meal a day r/omad .
the common thing between all of these approaches is limiting calorie intake .
before you get started maybe you can tell her that you 'd like to start first .
then tell her that you have truly made up your mind and you hope they respect it so you can recharge your mental health .
older colorway coco kills it haven'tbought any of new colorway/clear stripes from her .
they obviously want emoji movie 2 to exist or to get the emoji movie rights off sony to make the emoji movie the series complete with internet slang the latest trends and memes and fortnite dancing .
and as for that ok boomer thing if you used right it can be offensive to elders .
if not you are just acting like an idiot .
what if i said something to offend gen zs and gen alphas alike to those who overuse that ok boomer meme ?
for anyone wondering i 've been doing some sleuthing and siege deployables are coming to the base game and wo n't require the dlc as per the total war youtube account
resonates deeply with me in so so many ways .
i 'm a grown ass man and something about that song often makes me cry .
so many memories feel washed away or lost in time .
i 've been debating between warren and pete for a while and i 'm not voting for steyer .
so while this was interesting it did n't help me very much .
there is a correlation between football military advertising and trump cultists .
the level of thickness and curves in this picture goes far beyond words ... 🤤😍
link to the most recent version you 'll need flash player
that doesnt give them the right to take independent military action .
i have always been a rebel scum at heart but the new republic and the resistance are so incompetent and uninteresting they almost turned me into an empire sympathizer .
lol dude copypastas are just funny blocks of text who get pasted in a comedic manner .
btw one criticism i have about your physique is like i said ... you have the lower body and you have no upper body you got a problem you got a problem building ... wait a minute .
you have the upper body and you have no legs you have the upper body you have no legs you got a problem building your legs .
you have an upper ... you have the you have the lower body and you do n't have the upper body the upper body it 's easier to build .
so if you have the lower body and you do n't have the upper body it 's easier to build the upper body .
you have the upper body and you do n't have the legs you got a problem building the lower body ... no you do n't understand !
you have the upper body but you do n't have the lower body you got a problem building downstairs .
you got the up the legs on the bottom it 's it 's easier to build the top .
keep your skin moisturized and add a skincare routine to your life it will help your skin glow and look inviting
condition your hair more it looks really dry and get it trimmed and def style it ... spend some time in the mirror to figure out what style suits you .
spend some time on your eyebrows get them trimmed a bit
good job on you for not having facial hair it would n't help .
in the pic ca n't really tell as it kinda varies throughout the shoe .
i do n't believe there is any evidence to support that s
i discovered this by accident with a cutlass earlier .
if you get the trade dispute show superiority casus belli by making them embargo you you can declare war and stomp their allies weak faraway ones and get the ticking warscore from that .
you can also let them naval invade you with small stacks and destroy them for warscore they seem to love doing that .
the right only operates on the basis of violence and can only be stopped by it .
if they have a monopoly on violence fascism rises unchecked
having a navy is a big dick move countries do once they got shit locked down tight back home .
yemen is barely keeping itself together that its got small pipi problems to worry about
this makes me hungry ... i wonder what it would taste like roasted with some garlic on top
i play console but i do n't have enough info to answer op .
in australia that is 100 illegal if the place was advirtised as having air con .
you would be back payed a portion of your rent too
watch bickuribox12 's videos to get a better idea of how the game works .
if the topics do n't seem to make sense watch them anyway .
he usually gives a rundown of the topic before going into all the information and it 's a nice way to get an idea of just how much stuff there is to do .
i 'm a big old timey comic/graphic novel fan and you blow frank miller all to hell but i always thought his art looked like an acid trip gone bad anyway .
i never had the art skills to do much better but i took a crack at writing some pain fiction a couple times .
i had a sort of dystopian running man '' sort of futuristic thing where pain is illegal and they scoop the elderly ill and injured off the streets where the shady street pain docs '' are just executed outright selling govt surplus supplied drugs to engage in death or pain relief contests of endurance
mary i 'll take a nail through the wrist for 20mg chuck !
if it was good enough for jesus it 's good enough for me ! ''
dave i have to challenge you there little miss .
i 'll burn off my little finger with a blowtorch for 15mg chuck ! ''
chuck the emcee what a great couple of spunky contestants we have on tonight 's show huh folks ?
we 'll be right back to the doctor is out ... of his mind '' right after these important messages from our sponsor your drug enforcement administration .
and the crowd goes wild with chants of drop the car drop the car ! ''
if you have n't see that psa its a hoot
of course there 's the inevitable jailbreak climax where the hero actually gets enough pain medication to lead a train of contestants in wheelchairs to the steps of the capitol where they all immolate themselves as a sign of protest and solidarity ... . drop the car !
or you can wait a few months and watch it happen for real on the nightly news ... .
no they do n't even wan na trade any1 for ad
mitch does have better potential on defense but allen is n't far behind
another thing that concern 's me about mitch are his knees he moves like he 's injured and i 'm scared about that shit lmao
deal then you reclaim her while i help film sounds like a deal
it has it 's issues but it 's the first cod to cure the itch for me since bo2 .
it 's brought so many of my friends back on the same game for the first time in forever .
it 's been an absolute blast playing this damn game .
let 's just hope iw sticks with it and makes good decisions moving forward .
what shall we do with the drunken sailor in my ass
tough if you do n't have the upgrades from a conversion kit ie leia but heres a saws uwing list
view in yet another squad builder 2.0 https raithos.github.io ? f=rebel 20alliance d=v8zsz200z36x92ww40w54ww140y2x116wwww142y8xwwww142y5x116wwww142 sn=unnamed 20squadron obs https raithos.github.io ? f=rebel 20alliance d=v8zsz200z36x92ww40w54ww140y2x116wwww142y8xwwww142y5x116wwww142 sn=unnamed 20squadron obs
the citizens of the country protest to put taxes on the tax that the government puts on us then the government will have to either lose money or tax us on the tax taxxer resulting in a vicious cycle of protesting and you guessed it tax
400 and bigger is what i mostly see if you want to lay on lomachenko ml .
books will have lopez anywhere from 275-+350 but i think if i were to bet this fight i 'd do the method of victory '' and go with teofimo by ko/tko .
i actually think loma takes it by ud but that power lopez possesses can turn a fight in an instant and i 'm not about to risk 4 to 1 odds on loma with the power in those hands .
not sure what the odds would be though since the books are likely wise to common sense outcomes for this particular fight .
either teofimo ko 's him like everyone else or loma outboxes him like he 's done most everyone else .
burrow with 2011 d and current offensive coaching staff would have a level of dominance never heard of and that 's after the dominance lsu did have this year .
meh obama 's first two years could have gone a lot better .
she did n't have to try and get republicans to vote for obamacare but they spent 18 months compromising on details in a vain attempt to get bipartisian approval .
then 2010 came and they lost over 60 seats to the tea party wave just in time for the gop to redraw the voting districts in their favor
me maybe its the girl i 've been flirting with .
reality it 's the guy i sit next to in class .
not to mention herpes syfilis chlamydia and all those other nice std 's you are bound to get it you are very sexually active with people who are very sexually active .
tope con hilo '' is a mistranslation of tope con giro .
they 're both synonymous with a diving front flip like kevin does in the clip though usually in the context of diving over the top rope to the floor .
another place in lambeth i just discovered is makira sushi .
it 's always empty when i go which is usually a bad sign but the all day special is only 12 and comes with a lot of great stuff .
the tempura shrimp and vegetable that 's included is excellent .
it also comes with miso soup 6 pieces of sushi teriyaki chicken on rice and 2 spring rolls !
i do tend to go at off-peak times so maybe they just do all their business at lunch and dinner with little traffic in between or something .
i use c the time for technical reasons at work and even for me i have to think a extra second about what it actually feels like to be 15c or 20c .
the leaves are a littlebit thick but i own a red label feiyu and you only see it from verry close nobody will call you out i wear it with pride !
yeah i think it was nerfed in live fire update
i do n't remember that but i do remember the traffic light crystal air fresheners .
just cancelled my date to watch my favourite player king kohli bat at number 3
great you 've written java code but it wo n't run on ios which means you either re-write the app in whatever runs on ios or you rewrite it in another framework which means you 'll run into a bunch of exceptions where you 'll have to slap on some if os android and if os ios code to add os unique features .
also what you are referring is wrong sad lol .
it is called gnu/linux because it contaibs binutils from gnu that power the kernel and for terminal u also need bash vanilla linux is just a black screen with no init lol
turning off the 'disable bluetooth a2dp hardware offload ' option in developer settings
g7 eva if you can hit most your shots turbo havoc devotion
his formula has been working the same for years and produces winners .
there 's a reason he 's coaching in his 70s
i have this baked pear perfume and i always feel like i 'm the shit when i wear it
the fact that he somehow has n't been chased off the web has is a bit of a shock to me .
i had enough for a single bowl this morning thank god i was able to pick up today
the printer must 've messed up it 's missing some cake too .
you ca n't be better you get better by going through the convoluted pathways of recovery which involve both ups and downs and a lot of breaking down after trying a new coping skill and a lot of unexpected victories that become routine as you tackle a new challenge .
do you think your boyfriend is ready for this reality ?
it sounds to me like he does n't know how it actually works and might struggle to healthily support you in recovery .
sure there are things you could be trying and you are doing the best you can .
you will get there in time and there is n't a shortcut well besides finding the right therapist .
friends will help too but to get to the point where you can make and keep friends you might need to work through a couple things .
i second the suggestion for attending a free support group to make it easier for yourself .
school grades should measure learning and not whether someone triggered you before a paper/test .
it is actually costco policy to show your membership card at the door .
if a store is n't following this they can get in huge trouble from regional managers and the like .
edit it might be state wide for the alcohol thing .
i know in my state the law is that a store can not require a membership to purchase alcohol therefore in my state you can do that .
if i remember correctly r/whiteknighting is about things like you do n't deserve her bro she 's amazing she 's crazy she 's talented she beat her husband but it does n't matter .
remember guys respect beautiful woman like you points at his wife . ''
i 've learnt on artschool that the best way to start modeldrawing is by not looking at the paper only looking at your model probably photo in this case ?
and draw the things you see like every detail .
so in the beginning it looks like shit because you ca n't see what you draw .
after a few drawings begin to look at your paper but draw what you see instead of what you think you see .
now this will make improvements in realistic drawing details in skin texture but also the face for example .
this is difficult to explain but try to see the rest of space and divide them in your head in triangles/cirkles etc .
for this the first lesson is needed because it improves how you look at things .
also use a thin line and it does n't matter if you go about the same place twice or thrice .
okay that said ... hope it works if you try and if you do n't find it fun do it the way you want !
the drawings you made until now seem nice for one just started !
from 6-8 i was getting brutally molested and raped without knowing it could at least be a political power move .
edit wow guys sorry i was molested and raped my apologies
anyway yeah it 's definitely coming to rs launcher for sure .
with microsoft no longer supporting games for windows live it is no longer possible to generate the additional keys needed to continue selling the current version of the game .
what does this gfwl have to do with generating keys ?
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
and what do you really expect when your lifestyle does not match up with the goals of the game ?
idk man i feel robin has been heavily underutilized since skypia not really just the fight but its part of the problem .
it feels like robin got pushed to the background a lot more .
don‘t want to spoil anything from wano if you‘re not a manga reader but she‘s at least getting some moments absolutely shine here hipe this continues
one of the only animals i can think of that see humans as food
i like how gil and enkidu both take off their shirts to go have a drink after work .
the jumping nature of the cactus is perfectly illustrated in this video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ryggpi3hknq
i wo n't say that msft is officially supporting this approach but you only need to temporarily assign an exo plan 2 to enable litigation hold before turning it into an inactive mailbox the license will be freed up afterwards when the user is deleted .
i have a customer with about 30 000 of these inactive mailboxes with litigation hold enabled in case you 're not convinced ...
and you obviously configured aadconnect to not synchronize disabled users the default configuration will simply disable the user in aad .
again even if the user is no longer synchronized this will not trigger a hard delete in office 365 but should instead move the user to the aad recycle bin ...
i do n't know your environment but that should be the default behavior .
if anything many becky fans are clamoring for her to lose to asuka as many think they would add another layer to the man 's character when she becomes increasingly unhinged to get her title back .
many also wants asuka and becky 's feud to be extended until a blow off match at wm which is highly unlikely .
i 'm pointing out the stupidity in pretending ptsd is the common cold .
well i thank you for the explanation as to why i should n't use brand so freely .
even if it 's that i learned something here .
i know it 's a saturated market and that it means more than just putting a logo on a shirt but i would really like to do something about it .
i 'm oblivious as to how it all works and i 'd like a helping hand .
join wccs having a global network of people loving what you love is seldom found be a part of it !
they made amends during the fight companion episode last week
that 's what i do when limiting the blocks i take .
i have to account for return trips from the most gawd awful locations ... meaning at least 90 minutes .
a 3 hour block can become a 4.5 hour '' block really fast when dealing with traffic around seattle/everett .
unfortunately it has been removed for violating the following rule s
rule i https www.reddit.com/r/murderedbywords/wiki/what-is-a-murder posts must include a murder or a burn .
for information regarding this and similar issues please see the sidebar r/murderedbywords/about/sidebar and the rules https www.reddit.com/r/murderedbywords/about/rules .
if you have any questions please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/murderedbywords subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/lucky7up message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
now with golden age special only worth 3 with 40 discount buy it now to choose the skin u like with free
go grab ur parents credit card and buy it now
i 'd consider jimenez maupay kelly vvd next week and have rotate maupay/grealish first on bench .
yeah cos jetting in all those celebs will do wonders for the environment
at his peak i think he could be the best guard on a championship team if he 's not the best player on the team .
i think it depends on your definition of cruising .
i see so many guys cruising at 200mg here .
grundsätzlich finde ich es auch etwas befremdlich wenn eltern ihr kind in den hausflur abstellen wenn es schreit .
aber als papa der auch ab und zu mal an seine grenzen gekommen ist bin ich vorsichtig bei derartigen vorkommnissen vorschnell zu urteilen .
möglicherweise ist aber auch die grundlegende familiensituation vorbelastet z.b .
wegen krankheit eines der elternteile beziehungs oder finanziellen problemen und die eltern sind an der grenze zum ausrasten und stellen das kind lieber im hausflur ab als ihm eine reinzuhauen .
15 minuten ruhe sind oftmals genug zeit um wieder kraft zu sammeln seine gedanken zu sortieren und dann wieder vernünftig und konstruktiv mit seinem kind umzugehen .
aita wenn ich hochgehe und dem kind eine tafel schokolade in die hand drücke ?
schokolade ist kein heilmittel bei konflikten zwischen eltern und kindern .
kommunikation hilft und die sicht eines außenstehenden kann auch für kinder hilfreich sein .
also wenn du helfen willst kannst du versuchen mit dem kind zu reden unbefangen und ehrlich .
das erfordert allerdings einfühlungsvermögen in die lebenswirklichkeit und gefühlswelt von kindern die scheint aber leider vielen erwachsenen abhanden gekommen zu sein .
es mag für einen erwachsenen logisch und sinnvoll erscheinen dass ein kind in 's bett muss oder nicht mehr als eine stunde fernseh schauen darf aber für ein kind kann das eine tragödie sein .
my first electric was an aria pro ii too .
it was a great quality guitar especially for the price
just completed gd started and finished routes on maddening in following order black eagle blue lion and golden deer .
that said i was really hoping the golden deer route would be the one that would wrap everything up and for the most parts it was .
i got really excited at the notion that claude would turn fodlan into a united kingdom-esque country with separate but united kingdoms the empire kingdom and alliance .
i just wish edelgard and dimitri did n't have to die edelgard maybe not since you could argue she 's beyond redeeming but they definitely did n't have to kill dimitri and off screen no less .
the empire could 've reached an armistice with the alliance and come together to create a united kingdom with edelgard still in power .
the leader does n't always have to die at the end of a long war .
it 's like how scotland still had a king/queen when it merged with england and wales they were n't just executed .
how do you think dimitri should 've been handled here ?
we know that following empire victory dimitri was mad with revenge .
but since dedue is n't dead or at least considered dead in the gd route he should 've acted as the voice of reason to dimitri to at least ally himself with claude .
was doing the delivery from the past quest just collected the documents on customs game is very laggy could have been servers or my spotty internet .
as i 'm up on the catwalk trying to leave my right arm is blacked with zero noise whatsoever just the sound of my guy yelling .
after a bit i open the catwalk door and suddenly start taking damage again with zero sound at all .
i try to lob a grenade but i wifi and it bounces back into the hallway i 'm in i dive in the rest room for cover and the grenade makes no explosion sound .
at this point i exit the raid i thought i could reconnect but it ends up with you just leaving with no stuff in the post game screen it shows two kills with the grenade i threw meaning two scavs were right in front of me when i opened the door and walked into the grenade .
they were invisible and silent and i 'm really pissed and worried i wo n't get my shit back .
indian calendar 2020 https indiancalendars.online holidays list bank holidays festivals and festival holidays in english hindi telugu tamil and kannada languages
i recently unlocked every fishing rod in fc5 and was wondering what is the best out of the 4 ?
also i need help on which of all the sidearms are best ?
with mace 's rights being traded what 's the word on julia ashley ?
any idea if she 's coming back to ply for 2020 ?
will it be with sbfc or should they be looking to leverage rights ?
recently i 've been hearing more and more about hunt showdown and i find my intrest in the game rising up from the ashes .
admittedly i have not played the game in quite a while the last addition i remember was the choke bomb but i was n't around long enough to see it make it into the game .
i am looking for a general update from those who are still fully kept up with the game .
as i re-enter the game what would you think someone who is returning like me should learn and/or understand ?
any information is greatly appreciated and i am excited to see you all out there .
so growing up all we had were outside dogs so we rarely groomed them now that i 'm older i 'm realizing my dad did a very poor job raising our labs my girlfriend and i recently got a golden retriever and he 's about 5 months now .
he absolutely loves playing outside so he gets quite dirty .
i ready that at most you should bathe your dog about every other week and at minimum once every 3 months .
we 're trying to bathe him every 3 weeks because we feel that is a good middle ground .
the problem however is he will get muddy and gross within 3 days of having a bath .
i 'm wondering if there 's something we should do to help keep him clean until his next bath without stripping his body of all it 's natural oils every time he gets muddy
i was wondering if anyone had any tips for blister prevention with rucking ?
i 'm currently in marine rotc and prepping for officer candidates school this summer and continue to get pretty bad blustering from hikes i 've tried fox river socks wearing an athletic sock underneath foot powder blister guard heavy boots light boots but nothing seems to work .
i have available for trade g-max alcremies in the form of ruby swirl salted mint and lemon .
i also have other g-max pokemon and a full dex to trade .
being an average indian guy this was my first match on tinder or atleast the first one to stay .
however she was in india during her vacations and had to leave .
due to this reason we never went on a date .
as she said she was not going to be active on tinder i suggested we share our social media handles .
even though we were in different continents i could feel the connection .
am i just imagining this or is it real ?
i used to trick my mind into having crushes on people in order to stop my mind from thinking dark thoughts while sleeping .
over the 6 months we have chatted i have told her things which i have n't even told my friends or family .
everyday i initiate the chat and all i receive are replies .
also i would n't want risk the friendship for this .
tl dr i have no idea if i really like her or it is just in my head .
also i have no idea if she likes me back or not
sorry if this might be obvious but i 've been trying figure recently how i can continue to grow microgreens without having to buy new seeds ?
my background atm comes from composting/vermiculture where the cycle is mostly apparent ...
but with microgreens i 'm not sure if it is natural for growers to constantly reorder seeds or if i 'm just missing guides yt videos etc on how these things are harvested repeating the cycle naturally ?
which songs do n't have a mention of a single animals ?
as in if i just butterflied an entire salmon would it be edible ?
i just noticed this today and i 'm really worried and my desk is very close to it and there is a lot of dust on and near the heater .
50,000 glimmer or x large amount of experience or a large amount of supplies be it weapon parts shards ect .
grinding bounties is so boring and tedious but almost required to keep up with everyone else .
what i 'm suggesting isnt crazy and i think it would be the breath of fresh air that grinding bounties needs .
i do n't even know if this belongs here but whatever .
just over a year ago i was having some issues with my nmother .
i have two other siblings one of which my sister has always been super supportive of me and was there when i was dealing with my nmom .
to describe as best as i can to what my mother has done well she attempted suicide and blamed it on me .
she kicked me out of the house when i was 16 for a boyfriend .
she was always jealous or mad at me because of my success '' .
i 've written about her before so it 's in my post history of that matters any
now my sister has been super supportive '' with my choice to go full nocontact .
i told her my boundaries and she respected them .
i 've also been very fortunate to have an amazing support circle outside of my blood relatives .
in fact i changed my name to match my non biological father 's last name because he never made me feel like i could n't be myself .
i love the new added family in my life .
today i got my first piece of mail that had my new last name !
i was sooo happy i took a picture and showed it to my support circle and my sister .
she was none too pleased which is strange considering i never heard any complaints before hand so i had no idea it bothered her .
she told me i was just pushing myself away from my blood relatives .
that i was just doing this to push away from my mother .
she continued to be incredibly harsh and continued telling me that it 's going to make my mother upset .
she told me that my nmom is the only nmom i 'm going to have and i should have her in my life .
it just felt like she was trying to be controlling and manipulative .
i 've been in therapy for a year and i 've had so much progress .
i wish i could be accepted by my blood relatives .
the last exchange we had together was me asking her to not to talk about my mother since that was the only boundary i needed from her .
and she told me to fuck off and to take her out of my life like i did with my mom .
i just wanted to share with her something special .
many commercial window installers near me https www.timekeyenterprise.com provide various services that can help you when it comes to maintaining cleanliness .
some include pressure washing glass and metal restoration gutter cleaning and a lot more .
aside from the window cleaning services in greenwood there are also window cleaning services in greenwood .
what is great about these window cleaning services is that you can have them scheduled anytime you want and they will come up on time all ready with the materials and equipment they need to start working .
hi i recently got reaper and i am still learning it .
when i use my midi controller keyboard on its own without the software my sustain pedal plugged into it works fine .
however when i plug my keyboard into the daw it does not recognise the sustain pedal .
it is important for my time and your time that you fully read these first few paragraphs up to the forward back slashes .
if i feel like you did n't actually read this post i 'm not going to respond to your messages .
repeated messages that show you did n't read this thread may get you blocked .
if you want to buy upstore from me you must have purchased from me before august 2019 or have 3 other transactions with me before being able to buy upstore or theres another option i just added .
in an effort to help new buyers and protect myself in the event my account is shut down i will give buyers an option to bypass the 3 transactions .
you could send a one-time payment of 15 which will make you verified and will get you 12gb for up to 25 files .
once you are verified you can buy files in any of the below amounts whenever my service is open .
some may disagree with this but this is an effort to simplify the verification process for new buyers without a risk to my service being closed out again .
this verification process can be used to buy other files than upstore too .
the idea is that you put in a certain amount into the service before upstore is available to you .
one of the beauties of my service is i offer many different filehosts .
every other file host than upstore is currently open to all buyers .
in an ideal world i 'd have my shop open to everybody but upstore has impostor reddit accounts that buy files and then find my account and ban it without a refund .
if you read this post put xxxxxxx in your message to show you read this post i used to have open upstore downloads but adaptations had to be made .
if you 've read the rules and would like files .
amazon gift credit – go here https www.amazon.com/amazon-amazon-com-egift-cards/dp/bt00dc6qu4 and make payment with the share via messaging option which will give you a link that you can use to give me the payment via a message .
files will be uploaded to google drive or google photos with a 36 hour recycle period from the time i send the files .
this helps me clear out files people do n't need as not everyone lets me know when they 've already downloaded the files .
pm me the files you want along with the amazon gift card link .
they must be direct links to the host check sidebar for supported hosts .
dm me if you 're unsure if i support any unlisted websites. .
give me up to 24-48 hours to get back to you .
do n't start having a panic attack if i do n't get back to you in .000001 seconds .
i have a full time job hobbies education a girlfriend and friends believe it or not .
i 'm usually more available on the weekends though as well as early weekday mornings 6 am pst 9 am est .
i do not start downloading the files until i 've received the payment .
this avoids people backing out last second and wasting time .
do not pm me asking about rep. read earlier threads on the sub .
i 've done this service for over 2 1/2 years and have had 0 unhappy buyers .
if that 's not enough for you then look elsewhere .
do not ask me for free files even if the file is .00000000000000001 kilobytes .
unless you 've previously bought from me in the past .
even if that 's the case do n't expect me to be downloading hundreds of files like those .
add your favorite color to your 15 verification post for a free 1 gb for up to 2 files .
if you 'd like to gamble and guess my favorite color instead you 'll get double that .
guess wrong and you miss out on the files !
this rule is only added to benefit those who take their time to read the whole post .
it 's your responsibility to make sure the links work .
if a file is n't available in a link you send you paid for 3 3gb and up to 5 files you 'll just have to find something else to download as long as it 's under the limit .
i will not refund the difference if you happen to send a broken download link .
i wo n't activate your gift card until i begin downloading your files .
so no need to worry if i take a while to respond .
please send all of the links for files you need up front .
if you 're verifiying and have many files you 'd like downloaded you can download in up to 2 batches maximum .
i say this because i dont want to have to download 1 or 2 files for someone every day for a week .
i much rather prefer to download all your files in one go .
this service is meant to be smooth and easy .
i do take pride in having a clean quick service so when i 'm available i will always be responsive honest straight forward .
i will not waste your time so i do expect the same .
if you use the service please post your feedback in this thread
if you do so i will provide you bonus file s on your next purchase .
i have a channel which created few months ago .
i created several videos and get a some views under 10 .
then i created a video base on trending content and that video boost up to 20k views .
but the trending is short and after that there is no more view .
and in my niche there is seldom trending content .
so my question is should i keep create content base on trending which will be lesser video since trending seldom happens or should i keep create both trending and not trending content ?
my not trending video ca n't not compete with competitor older videos so there is no view .
i have some mushies that are probably a little over six months old .
they 've been stored in a drawer in a plastic zip lock back .
i know the potency may go down with time but i 'm more concerned about my health than the intensity of the trip .
he has n't posted in a month and the only reddit post i found on him was the one were he was n't sending money to those who sent him bulk .
hey yall i 'm in the process of getting my bachelors in environmental science and i hope to focus on bat habitat conservation and it 's my lifelong dream to run my own rescue rehab for bats .
i 'm hoping i can find someone who can answer my questions on how to get into the field and what it 's like in general !
so i went on a wiki binge on the concept of the southern gothic and it got me thinking .
i 'm an immigrant that came into the us as a toddler .
i lived in queens nyc the borough/county of immigrants .
it ai n't all cultural and traditional happiness with the melting of ethnicities .
if there can be a gothic lens on the great american south what about a gothic lens on the great american immigrant ?
what would one require to fulfill the immigrant gothic '' ?
'cause google 's giving me nothing i can work with .
would that be a season of true detective that you would watch ?
is there something i can add to my roku tv 's that keeps them off until a password is inputted ?
my kids are getting up in the middle of the night and watching tv without my permission or knowledge .
i 'd rather not unplug the router every night but i will if it comes to that .
i started making new age music and i am planning to release a single sometime march-april .
i 'm not asexual because i enjoy some sexual acts recieving oral .
fingering mutual handjobs frotting but that 's all that gets me hot and turns me on .
i 've topped a few times and did n't enjoy it and forced myself to do it for the sake of the other guy i have zero interest in bottoming and i 've tried giving oral and hated that as well .
i want a relationship so badly but jeez the conversations and interest levels plummet as soon as they ask what i like in the bedroom .
i 'm feeling very lonely and like a freak ...
here is the rocky mountain showdown student tickets https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2fstubhub-coupon-code 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcngozv9hys17e5iwoavo2xkjgluk_g
at this page there are coupon codes promo codes and discount coupons .
also you can find daily deals sales and offers .
about stubhub stubhub is a san francisco-based ticket exchange and resale company .
it provides services for buyers and sellers of tickets for sports concerts theater and other live entertainment events .
they are similar to pawn brokers for sporting events .
i wondered if someone could relate to the following .
i finished my clinical therapy a couple of months ago and after i returned i got back at my job lawyer and i experience a lot of resistance to actually do something at work .
it 's like my inner child is angry and does n't want to do something it does n't really want to do .
i also experience a lot of anger and pain because of being around my colleagues who are having like a really good time with each other but i keep feeling like i 'm being ignored .
this need for admiration and attention is unlimited and i am really struggling with limiting myself in that need which is causing a lot of stress pain and anger .
i do realize that i also have to play a part in making contacts so it 's not only receiving but also giving but i 'm having a lot of resistance in giving in contacts because i feel like other people should come to me first .
i also talked with these colleagues about it and shared my struggles and they said that it 's hard for them to help me which they really want to do but they 're not sure how .
so i know they have good intentions but deep down i still do n't believe them and think they do n't like me .
this happens every day after which i do n't wan na do any more work because my inner child is saying what the hell does it matter i do n't wan na work nobody likes me and what am i doing here .
i should also say that i 'm not thrilled about the job because i get lonely behind the computer and i actually wan na work with people although i 'm really scared of people i really want to make contact with people and have meaningful relationships .
i 've had the special challenge for awhile needing 3 new friends .
has anyone else experienced like litterally daily updates for around a week now ?
i 'm on nl shadow but i doubt that makes any difference .
hi i 'm using premiere on two computers same version same cc user same '' project .
on mac1 i have a few custom metadata columns made with new schema '' .
these do n't show up under metadata display on mac2 when opening the very same project .
i have tried copying over prefs in docs and appdata .
tried making new schema with same properties and tried syncing the cc user .
there is a lot of custom metadata i need on mac2 .
after reinstalling and pulling my hair to no avail i made a new schema containing an attribute with a completely one of a kind name later found that very name in a file in the xmp folder from library appsupport adobe .
a folder containing metadata templates and custom info panels but is outside any premiere folder ...
transferred xmp folder from mac1 and all is working now !
an mp-153 can be bought for pretty cheap on the flea market and if you snipe one with a flashlight and/or sight you can get it for next to nothing .
ap-20 ammo is n't that expensive for all the rounds you 'll use per raid 40-60 is more than enough .
i see so many hatchlings/pistolings who could have killed me if they were using an actual gun or even something that can slaughter a player easily in the right spots .
i went to the psychiatrist about 1-2 years ago i never told anybody .
i was diagnosed with major depression disorder and they prescribed me some medication pills .
but i stopped going bcs i really have a tight schedule i 'm a teacher and i have a son i dont know what more excuse to make to my husband or my mom to go out .
so i stopped all my medication bcs i dont have the prescribtion anymore i need to go to a consultation session to have another prescribtion .
not a long time ago my mom and my husband found out about this and they just simply didnt like the fact and told me to be more grateful etc .
i didnt sleep until like 4-5am so i can cry peacefully in the bathroom in the middle of the night without anybody 's knowing .
you know when you ache in your heart and body its really hard to pretend to be fine .
but i learn how to hide it the problem is i dont think i cant take it anymore .
but what about my son he 's only 3 ? ? ?
i am stuck maybe i should just hide it forever .
working on a iot tech project targeting the manufacturing industry .
this project would require me to set up essentially my own wi-fi within their facility then send the metrics i gather over my wifi and then over a cellular connection .
my big concern about the project is that the manufacturing industry wo n't be keen on having a completely separate connection even if it does n't actually connect to the internet gathering metrics from their facility .
wondering if anyone has some kind of insight on how to approach this from a manufacturing perspective ?
how long does it take for a small line art tattoo ? ? ?
episode 176 of the podcast was posted to spotify and during the episode 's ad read a sweet little tune played in the background .
does anyone know what it 's called or where i can find it ?
i went to planet fitness no free weights over 60 lbs for months and switched to a diff gym .
my max was around 200ish where i could grind a meaningful set at least .
i could barely do 120 with free weights today .
i also feel like i have to start all over and all my progress will be lost .
recently move back to the east coast and was wanting to see if anyone would like to get a group together and flex que at a pc cafe .
would be great to meet new people with similar interests !
i was thinking it 's a japanese company maybe it 's better than amazon ?
here is the tomorrowland ticket price 2020 https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2fstubhub-coupon-code 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcngozv9hys17e5iwoavo2xkjgluk_g
at this page there are coupon codes promo codes and discount coupons .
also you can find daily deals sales and offers .
about stubhub stubhub is a san francisco-based ticket exchange and resale company .
it provides services for buyers and sellers of tickets for sports concerts theater and other live entertainment events .
they are similar to pawn brokers for sporting events .
so my question is will i be able to function and talk to customers all day on 1 hour of sleep ?
feel free to ask anything from rhythm to chord progressions .
i will answer them as promptly as i can .
as for a bit of background i started as a pop/jazz drumset player before i became involved in concert percussion through various ensembles .
i then went on to learn several other instruments piano bass violin trumpet guitar etc .
and studied music theory and received extensive classical training to accompany my learning .
my singing experience is limited to high school choir musical and rock band experiences but i can try my best to answer those questions too if you have any .
yo does anyone have the link for los new room lights ?
why ca n't i just be a normal human being ?
meridian full set includes sweeper black gk grey guardian orange playmaker cobalt showoff bs and sb .
looking for offers mostly nearly had a deal done for 15000 so that 's probably a good starting point .
sovereign at cobalt grey lime orange pink purple victor tw
what is your go to song to sing at a public outing or in your car on the way to work ?
i was eager and ready just to go out and be a bit more independant than usual in my normal life .
living in a small town there really isnt much to do .
so i decided to go out during one summer day and head to a park that i used to go to when i was younger .
i picked up a drink and then parked my car in the small parking lot .
for a while i just sat there listening to music and enjoying the nice weather not really paying anything no mind .
after i while i start to check my surroundings .
there was one other truck in the parking lot .
he was a older man but he seemed to be enjoying the weather and relaxing like i was .
after i while i accumulated some trash that i did n't want in my car so i go out and toss it .
before i head back to my car the man leaves his truck .
he does n't approach me directly but he does get pretty close .
i stood outside the car for a while right next to his truck .
after i would say 20 mins he gets out and walks toward this small creek .
he goes down where he was hidden from plain sight .
i was nervous but i still wanted to know what was going on .
i finally slowly catch up to him and we give each other a head nod .
i looked around and got right in front of him and started to suck him off .
he picked me up and unbuttoned my pants shortly after .
he fucked me so good i tried to not be so obvious in a public park .
we exchanged number and we still fuck to this day but now we fuck in a bed and not a park .
me and my girlfriend are in debate about what is a more efficient way of smoking one hitters we both agree on but she thinks a snapper in a bong is the way to go where i think a snap in a pipe is .
background my partner 25m and i 22nb have been in a closed relationship together for about 2.5 years and have a very strong relationship .
he recently relocated for a job very far away so we 've been doing long distance for the past 5 months .
since his move we 've seen each other in person twice .
things are the normal level of difficulty for adjusting to long distance after living near each other for the first big chunk of the relationship but we 've gotten pretty good at communicating openly about hardships with that and are as good as i think a long distance couple can be .
as of right now i 'm planning to move to be with him after i finish school in may .
my question is we 've discussed non-monogamy a few times but i have some complicated feelings surrounding it .
a lot of my past partners have cheated on me leaving me with a lot of anxiety about trust in intimate relationships .
i 've expressed this to him and he 's understanding he is never pushy about being non-monogamous .
but i know he still wants to explore it and i 'm interested in exploring as well if i could set the anxiety aside .
we 've discussed threesomes/other group play as well which i 'm also interested in but still have a little bit of anxiety about .
there 's also the fact that we 're currently doing an ldr that i feel like complicates things since some kind of group play is not exactly an option for getting our feet wet so to speak .
we 've had some conversations about it but sometimes i think i do n't want either of us to feel like we 're sneaking around in different cities even if we agreed on terms for non-monogamy .
and i of course also do n't want either of us to suffer from any sort of anxiety about someone whether it 's either of us or someone outside of the relationship breaking any trust/agreed upon guidelines .
has anyone else gone through something similar and have any advice ?
tldr partner and i are long distance for now and interested in non-monogamy but i 'm pretty anxious and do n't quite know where to start finding something that works for all parties .
i hate to be that guy but i feel like the official ikon pass facebook group is filled with people that are 40 years old .
or at least they are the only ones that post/reply to posts .
do n't get me wrong i am very happy to hear the insight they have from literally decades of skiing .
however i am a 24 year old individual who does a lot of skiing alone and lives in a city that does n't have immediate access to ikon slopes but frequent cheap flights .
as a result when i come in to town for a weekend i am looking for someone to hang out with on the slopes and afterwords but i do n't i do n't want that person to be my dad 's age .
i recently ed got accepted into um and am extremely excited to go .
however i have heard from some people that there is a massive percentage of people who are in greek life/partying and i was just wondering if there are enough places for people who are n't really into that .
i like to go out and spend time with people i 'm just worried people will look down on me/ignore me as being someone who does n't smoke and does n't drink much .
i 'm a glory fan visiting a mate in sydney this weekend and we 're heading to the wsw game on sunday .
any good pubs close to the ground for away fans ?
to me being trans has never been about knowing '' what i am .
its about preferences which a lot of people just call feelings .
i have a preference that i can not control to be called a woman .
i have a preference to have wide hips a big ass and tits .
i do n't know why i have these preferences they just exist and so when i went on hormones and started developing these characteristics it made me happy .
i do n't know if i 'm feeling like a woman '' or if i ever felt like a woman '' i just know what i like .
i like wearing button ups and jeans i do n't like being in makeup i like being called pretty .
if i could go about changing myself and living my life the way i preferred without being labeled as trans i would do that in a heart beat !
and that is actually just the end goal for me to live life looking how i prefer and being treated how i prefer .
i 'd also argue that the source of these preferences does not matter .
i think the trans community and basically everyone else over complicates the whole issue .
if what any individual does to achieve their own happiness is not deterring anyone else from achieving their own happiness there should be nothing wrong with it .
wubby using the n word or any other language does n't suddenly stop me from living my life the way i want to just like me having tits and a dick is n't stopping anyone else from living their own lives .
hope i 'm able to post this here it 's long i 've got a lot on my mind
i 'm a 22 year old male i 'm really confused am i straight gay or bi .
and here 's how it begins and why i 'm confused .
have social anxiety not sure if it plays a role into sexuality .
ofc in society within guys i 'm with it 's like oh would you hook up with that girl i 'd say yes but really i do n't care much to hookup with that person no matter how hot they are not peaking my interest .
i like boobs and ass i masturbate to straight porn gets me off but trying to hookup with someone i 'm not interested at all ca n't get horny no matter what but i can if i watch porn .
that leads me to think am i gay or bi well i 've watched gay porn was n't turned on at all and i do n't find guys attractive at all .
also in the past i 've said in high school i prefer personality over everything making a good connection that way getting close feeling like a real relationship to me it feels to me like how someone would feel like if they like someone a lot based on looks and such i guess .
i know that does n't make sense but i 'm tying if ya got a better to explain that seems like it goes in a circle there
anyways i 've had real close friends who are girls which i started to like due to always being around and with them and liking them through there personality and getting to know them .
and i would n't be interested in wanting to fuck them like yeah i 'd say it to my guy friends they 'd ask like how 's that friend your trying to hookup with them in society it 's like i 'm supposed to say yes or seem like interested in doing that but in me and my brain it feels off saying that i would bc i know it is n't true
maybe i 'm pan i 've searched into it or maybe a little bit on the grey scale of sexuality or asexual i mean maybe i 'd be able to have sex sometime but i 'm not hinting to have sex it 's not the goal let 's say after a date .
i 'll take all the helpful insight i can get i appreciate it this is the first time i 'm really saying all this to more then the two friends i 've told
i found this reddit basically right when i posted this and i read through a pinned post and found something called aegosexual a sub of asexual aegosexual being more of identifying term for someone i guess i feel i identify with it i 'm not sure there 's so much going on in my mind i wan na say i ca n't get out and then i forget
does statement x ca n't hide forever get disproven upon destruction of x ?
let 's say i agreed to hide an item but did n't reveal secret to anyone for so long that i forgot .
i lost what they entrusted me with so valid complaint that i failed to protect but nonetheless would i have broken my promise ?
the crazy thing is i feel like if yung was on a better team he would play like his old self and necrox 's gameplay has n't been going down for a while it 's a reason he was the one who became a coach when they got geo .
while gotcha has been pretty meh besides the lg game he is n't the only one at fault for eg 's downfall also ranger decides some odd maps for eg like taking rec on border and ssg on clubhouse is just trolling .
im playing as danaerys and i 've married edric storm and my third child was born with the imbred trait ?
ive used console commands to remove it but id like to know if its technically normal or not ?
trying to educate myself before getting into a new hobby and as i 'm looking at alpha knife supply website link at bottom i 'm noticing that some of the steel is about half the price of the same dimensional stock .
the steel i 'm looking at is 80crv2 it seems a lot of you have experience with that steel .
my question is what is the difference between hrpa which i 'm assuming stands for hot rolled pickled and annealed and flat ground stock ?
the site says all steel is annealed when shipped unless otherwise noted .
if i am correct my understanding is that annealed is the state desired while working with the steel during stock removal since it is softer and had less internal stress .
it it running and everything is working but my sister who lives in another state can not join using my ipv4 address nor my public ip so what can i do to fix that ?
i am brand new to reddit is there things i should know or do and also do peaple really give coins to others and what are they good for ?
i 'm interested in matching for internal medicine or pediatrics .
first time posting here i have an idea for a character that rides an animal companion and uses siege weaponry .
essentially the character would be a small size riding a medium creature firing small to medium siege weapons .
i have no idea if its practical as i am very new to the game .
i read up on it a little bit and i considered the bard class with percussion instruments for the martial performance giving you access to siege weapons without a feat i may have misinterpreted that
overall i would love perspectives on whether it would work and how you would go about achieving it .
i know you can run python via mysql but i was wondering if this also applies to discord bots .
we have a service to generate a daily file and it 's expected to be in an s3 bucket by a given time of day .
the file does n't get deleted just overwritten each day .
we have handlers for failures in the service itself but what we find is that if the service can not run at all then we do n't get an alert .
so looking for a simple solution that is completely external to the service .
cloudwatch seemed like a good place to start but while i can make things based on a file being written to s3 i ca n't seem to find a way to do it based on an absence of a file creation or a time space since it was last occurred .
seems like it would be a common use-case or situation people need ..
i guess i could make a lambda to poll the bucket and alert but ideally it seems like it should be achievable natively with aws tools .
the name of the land beyond the great river far away from the habitation of man in which the ten tribes of israel will dwell observing the laws of moses until the time of the restoration according to iv esd .
see kayserling 's christopher columbus '' translated by dr. c. gross p .
please join one of these three metabolic odour facebook groups .
there is a great post and video in this group below by the admin erin about how to use zinc oxide powder and glycerin to control odour internally that is safer than using pepto bismol that has bismuth that may be of help .
im searching for someone to talk about our taste experiency exchange our favorite porn video and maybe watch some together
i 'm curious to know if viral shedding occurs a lot through out the times where there are no out breaks .
like how contagious am i even if i have no outbreaks .
to my belief i 'm being safe if i have no current outbreak im using condoms but in the back of my head i want to refrain because to me i 'm still highly contagious and i just feel bad and honestly gross .
i 'm right now detoxing from heroin to go on subutex and took 50 mg tramadol and i was told this would be ok but now i 'm getting confused and scared .
figured i 'd wait about 16 hours since my last heroin dose and then pop the sub while taking doses of tramadol to help me get through .
i was told the tramadol would not interact with the subutex and cause precipitated w/d 's but i dont remember where .
i recently got a davola 1080p action cam and i absolutely love having it for skiing .
however the picture is n't that great and it sometimes struggles with the brightness of the snow .
its a cheap little camera and i 'm wondering if there would be any benefit moving up to a price range of 50-60 .
i 've been doing some research but there are so many of these things out there it is difficult to compare them for what i would be using it for .
for example the apeman a80 and the soocoo s100 .
they 're the same price and nearly the same specs but is one going to be better for skiing ?
i am practicing c for my new position at work .
i created a console version of a calculator app already and wanted to remake it with gui .
this is a wpf project and my thought was that when the user clicks the a number then a click event would pass the number into a method .
i can not seem to figure out how to pass the number .
i wanted one click event for the numbers to keep the code clean .
i have not been able find my answers on google .
... and yet you have to select a toon to see how many shards you have inatead of having it under their portrait .
edit has anybody figured out how much progress translates to a certain amount of clarity in the portraits ?
some portraits for toons i am nowhere near unlocking are half colored and others i am one stage away from look completely dull .
yet wish ender and telesto are still how they are .
my friends and i have played the game far less since this .
we are afraid that other exotics that we like will be disabled too .
hopefully this gets fixed ... then i 'll re-install the game .
oh and also i ca n't play through more than 1 strike without getting disconnected .
if you 've gotten another ditto den from one of my raids this one is unique to the previous so feel free to hop in and get another for trade fodder .
join raid with code 1024 if raids are filling .
if you ca n't bring a legendary bring any non-fairy type .
if you do n't catch it the first time hop in again .
if you catch it please just mention caught '' or joined '' in your post .
if you plan on trading do not catch more than one .
gon na change it up after this run and try a different den but will go back to ditto sometime .
this post is a random post telling you to go watch it now in theaters subbed or dubbed immediately .
i went with 3 of my friends and we were freaking out the entire time .
i was redirected to this forum with the hope of getting better advice on the matter..
my husband and i have been married going on 4 years now and we hardly ever have sex maybe once every 4-6-8 weeks .
i feel like we 've skipped the first 20 years of our marriage .
i 've talked to him about this several times over the years so much so that i 'm tired talking i dont bring it up anymore and i kind of resent him now whenever he does want to have sex .
i 've completely shut down and just feel like i want to leave which is hard because apart from the sex we get along really well .
backstory for my reddit readers digest so my husband and i met 7 years ago while i was on vacation with my mom .
he was in a relationship at the time and i was in a situationship with an ex .
our conversations were so intellectual we both were thinking we wish we were single .
fast forward a year and a half later we were both single so we said hey why not give things a try .
the relationship was long distance and i was in college at the time .
so i would fly to visit him once a month or so and vice versa for like a 3-4 day weekend .
we had lots of fun and got along very well .
i 've always been the naughty freaky sexual instigator '' in most of my relationships i had no issues initiating sex .
so after not seeing someone for a month i was usually ready to rip his clothes off as soon as i see him .
but for him he would usually say to me oh would you like to stop at the bar first to have a drink meet up with some of our friends or my family have dinner or what not and reluctantly i would say yes .
before you know it we are out all night and too drunk or jetlagged to do anything .
at first i thought he was being modest not wanting to make the relationship about sex he was a respectable old soul '' like that which is the complete opposite of what i was used to .
after a few trips i realized that we would spend 3-4 days together and only have sex once and before you know it i 'm on a flight back home disappointed not because the sex was bad but because it was good and it only happened once !
i used to wear my sexy lingerie and tried to you know bother him while he was working start some foreplay and he would politely say not now give him few minutes and what not .
he was pretty consumed with his work it when he was working .
and as you 've guessed it later never comes .
which led to me having to ask if we were going to have sex or say honey can have sex tonight he would say yes and then nothing which eventually lead to me waiting to see how long it would be if i dont initiate sex and before you know it weeks have gone by .
fast forward we got married me naively hoping things would change it didnt i cheated i told him about it he no longer trusted me we had marriage counseling he said he was going to be more engaging and i should do all the sexy things i used to do before because he likes that .
another 1.5 years gone by sex timeline is still the same worse .
sex is really important to me and i feel like i 'm drowning in this relationship due to the lack of intimacy .
as a medical professional i asked him to get his testosterone level checked as an anniversary gift almost a year gone by and he has n't done it yet .
i even asked him if he was gay and told him that i feel like i 'm living with my gay best friend .
both of us dont like to argue so we just avoid talking about it anymore especially since it doesnt get us anywhere .
as i mentioned earlier the relationship was great apart from the sex but the lack of intimacy has become a huge gray cloud overshadowing everything that used to make me happy in the relationship so much so that i dont want to and avoid making future plans with him anymore .
so i bought my card a week or so ago and now decided it was a good time to update the kernal and whatnot and apon doing so i get a message saying that its a fake card and to return it while i swear its the real the cart is yellow with the webites url on the board where the pin are exposed or whatever and it was working just fine until i did this replacing the files for i backed them up incase such thing happened but even that didnt change anything .
how many days has it been since zay last appeared on anything ?
i do n't mind if you use saves backed up by jksm checkpoint etc .
usum hat pikachu set https m.bulbapedia.bulbagarden.net/wiki/list_of_american_region_serial_code_event_pok c3 a9mon_distributions_in_generation_vii ash.27s_pikachu self obtained farmed with save backups on us unclaimed
various 2018 legends self-redeemed on my na moon save backups mostly reshiram ho-oh groudon tornadus xerneas shiny zygarde ... unclaimed
ps if anyone missed out on the codes and would like codes to redeem themselves the majority of these https www.reddit.com/r/pokemongiveaway/comments/dr2dw9/shiny_solgaleolunala_codes should still be left .
i have an interview for a summer internship on friday for data provisioning '' .
the job description says that a bunch of microsoft and data tools in particular power bi and sql knowledge is an asset .
how do i ace the technical questions when i have zero experience with this stuff ?
my only plan is to say that i am a fast learner .
other people who got internships with no experience how did you do it ?
i rarely remove posts but i just did remove one .
we already lost craigslist back page let 's not get this shut down too .
mounted once but switched back when i realized that dsa is n't my favorite layout and wanting to see if possible to trade for a gmk set .
willing to add cash on top for the right trade but prefer trading straight .
i 've used the popsugar app through roku and while i like it it does n't have as much variety as the handheld device app .
what i like is that they offer 7-15 minute workouts which are great for a lazy/busy person like me .
is there anything available through roku that might be similar to this ?
i 'm getting bored with the handful of short workouts offered on the above app which is not very conducive toward my new year 's resolution which will definitely be kept ... !
i was asked by one of my clients to participate in an interview with a bunch of other people on switching jobs in japan .
because of my work i mainly discussed freelancing and the like but others including someone from a recruitment office had some really good points about their paths in japan .
here 's a link to the full interview https tenshokudo.com/switching-jobs-in-japan with everyone .
if there 's any questions on my own part daryl harding or about freelancing in japan you can sound off in the comments !
with the nba season at the halfway point i 'm getting the urge to start a new mycareer ... but then i remember
starting as a 60 ovr and having to grind for months to get any good or spend hella money
stupid ass cut scenes the cheerleaders in timeouts the damn coach whistling the team in at practice to run the same 3 drills 100 times
the pie chart system where you can choose to be good at one thing or ok at two things and ass at everything else
the inane text messages from your agent and players that have n't been updated in like 4 years
my coach making me guard the shooting guard when i 'm a center halfway through the season forcing me to constantly run a zone defense
the red box at the bottom telling you to update
there is a problem with you connection to the 2k servers
i had to repost due to other one not being good enought lol ...
i 'm new to the podcast and i 'm really enjoying it so far .
while i love most of the stories i 'd like to be able to to jump to the ones with continuity or progression of the plot .
i ca n't seem to find any guides online of which episodes so i figured i 'd ask here .
anyone have any guides or can help me find one ?
edit everyone downvoting my question and replies really ? ?
i was genuinely tryin to figure out if there was a way for me to be able to follow the plot along better .
currently i 'm really struggling with motivation and focus but got excited when one of my acquaintances mentioned the story .
not everyone is able to follow along easily i especially struggle .
do i plan on going back and watching the episodes i could/would skip ?
someday when i 'm happier healthier and able to focus i absolutey want too .
i 'm trying to explain what i 'm looking for because i feel like i 'm not getting my words right .
i just was hoping there 's some sort of guide that could help me but i guess not .
the only thing really missing for me is that i ca n't give simple orders to overridden machines like attack that guy or follow me. i 'd love to bring a pair of ravagers or a stormbird to a bandit camp and just watch the bandits get wrecked .
i also would go nuts for a flying mount of some kind probably as an endgame thing .
also maybe the shield-weaver could be an attachment that you could switch between outfits ?
it 's unfortunate that it 's just far and away the best armor set in the game so i never use any others except the stealth one on rare occasions .
i like to change up the fashion every now and again in games .
i just noticed we have two weeks of posts sitting in mod queue automatically removed for no discernible reason .
ie not removed by a mod not flagged as spam etc .
if you 've made a post in the past few days and it has n't received comments this is likely why .
i 'm trying to figure out what 's going on .
in the meantime if you feel the need to resubmit your post please delete your original post repost and shoot a note to the moderators via modmail so we can verify with you that the post has actually gone live and was n't removed automatically .
i wanted to use some mods mostly things like increased emblem capacity and more drops so as to remove some random horrible grind but they share a name gameparam.parambnd.dcx .
also how to be certain whether a mod works ?
with glen cook 's black company he had me soon into book 1 .
however with the wheel of time i gave up 15 years ago somewhere around book 6 or 7 when things kept expanding and it seemed there was no end in sight .
now with malazan i 'm listening to the audio books and following along with the re-read of the fallen .
i 'm halfway into deadhouse gates after gardens of the moon and i 'm still pretty meh . ''
if i change my heros ' gear during an already started lab run or peaks of time run will that change take place ?
this is because i only have a bit of complete gear sets and would like to switch around the gear when changing my team composition so will it take place ?
maybe its a childish way of speach but come on .
set 1 casey jones mama tried black peter hard to handle china cat sunflower i know you rider high time good lovin ' drums dancing in the street alligator the eleven death do n't have no mercy set 2 cumberland blues me and my uncle dire wolf uncle john 's band easy wind cryptical envelopment the other one cosmic charlie
set 1 cats under the stars sugaree love in the afternoon dear prudence run for the roses set 2 rhapsody in red mission in the rain gomorrah tore up over you tangled up in blue encore midnight moonlight
dire wolf oh babe it ai n't no lie bird song she belongs to me ripple goodnight irene
i 've seen a few posts pop up on here about the uhf cb allocation we use in nz and aussie so i created a new sub for it .
feel free to drop in an at r/uhf_cb for anything uhf cb related and point people in that direction for any queries about that topic .
hey everyone im new to jazz and would really appreciate if you helped me find some good documentaries about the history of jazz .
i 've done a little research and almost all of the documentaries i found were deleted from youtube also im not going to watch the ken burns documentary .
if you have any documentary recs about jazz artists not history in general i would greatly appreciate it too !
just recieved the new kickstarter and did n't want to have to use the second box for the gods monsters and stag expansions .
okay so i know i 've been ranting here about my straight girl crush but i want to beat her at her own game and flirt back real hard she 'll think about her ways ? ?
any tips on successful flirting please would be greatly appreciated !
titan cronus 2 wired in series to 4s lipo after i rev for maybe 10 secs or fire a shot the flywheels lose speed but dont speed up back to full again .
even letting go and revving it again it doesnt go to full speed unless i wait for a while
i thought it was my isp but it is n't i 'm getting 10 mbps down with my connection but 45 kbps on windflix ca .
my mother will never treat me as equal to her son .
my mother will never love me and respect me the way i deserve .
because i so desperately want her to prove me wrong and show me that she can be a good mother .
when you 've been kicked down in the dirt over and over over and over again and again you crave affection .
even if the only love you 've ever know was the bond between a mother and child that has been slowly severed .
and i will never be good enough for her .
every time she tells me to get a life .
the betrayal i feel when she tells me that i must be bored and miserable and lonely and that it 's not her fault .
i did n't make myself go to three different highschools .
i did n't choose to be held back by poverty or single parenthood .
she has a better job he will never go without the things i had to .
and i may not be good enough for anyone else .
hi all so recently i was in a car with a mate and i plugged my op5t into his type c cable that was powered by his car my phone charged but not fast charge obviously but since then i 've found my oneplus only charges with the original cord it came with it wo n't work with any other cord i 've tried multiple !
i discovered this because my original dash cord was being annoying so i bought a new one off of ebay and when i plugged it in it did n't work i thought i got a faulty charger so i tried others and same thing no charge so i plugged in my original cord and what do you know it begins to charge !
it 's really irritating and scary because if i lose this charger i 'm done for .
el5 why people use d to impute missing values by replacing it with mean/median ?
for example if we have age '' variable why is it intuitively okay '' that median/mean is good approximation for it ?
i mean last crusade is the best indiana jones film and temple of doom is the second-worst .
be wary of an eventual comment saying hey we noticed the new team perk is actually benefitting players .
as it does not comply with our plan for the game mode we have decided to remove the team perk from all players .
compensation will be provided to those who own it in the form of one unusable people resource .
it 's like that girl that tweeted about some of the up and coming artists on the electric forest lineup and proceeded to list noisia and rusko .
voracek i told mom i was like its gon na be jake
a ukraine-born associate of president donald trump 's personal lawyer rudy giuliani said wednesday night that president trump knew exactly what was going on '' in ukraine during the white house 's alleged pressure campaign at the center of trump 's impeachment .
i 've always loved comedy commentaries when you get people like paul rudd or jack black or as you mentioned rdj its 100 gold .
that makes a little too much sense but could n't he do the same on someone 's armor ?
the suits all have some storage units as church in season 10 i think was put into tucker 's suit and said he had to delete stuff to fit .
there 's a lot of ways church could actually come back and it make sense but i doubt the writers would do that anymore .
people living in the united states and europe aged 18-30
the last book i finished was half a king book 1 of the shattered sea trilogy by joe abercrombie .
i had heard this is somewhere between ya and adult and i have n't read any joe abercrombie at all yet .
so i felt like this seemed like a decent entry point for his style without being committed to a whole series like first law which i do have the initial trilogy already .
each book in the shattered sea trilogy is its own contained story that is roughly 300 pages however each book has overlapping characters from what i understand around these kingdoms .
and also there is a bigger story in the background too .
the writing was very well done but it was also fairly bare bones .
there 's still a pretty rich world but the story felt both wide and at the same time small in scope just because of the lack of some elaboration .
i feel like this is both a positive and negative .
the big twist could be seen from a mile away but that did n't stop it from being satisfying when it did happen .
what i 'm currently reading ryria revelations volume 1 theft of swords by michael j. sullivan .
i understand it is really two books so technically the crown conspiracy was the last book that i read ... but i 'm counting it as the same actual book even though i 'm a couple chapters into avempartha .
anyway currently over half way through theft of swords and i ca n't help but feel like part 1 was similar to princess bride and this part 2 is similar to the hobbit .
not saying they are one for one but the feel is there in a very positive way .
i really like sullivan 's writing style and pacing .
from what i understand it just keeps getting better as you go through this one as well as his different series which is definitely exciting if it start out this well written .
but the story of part 1 seemed very basic to me.. and for that reason so far i would give it a 3.5/5 .
however i really like what i 've been reading of avempartha so far .
if this part rolls along as well as it seems it may then i can see this going up in rating into the 4 point something for sure .
the overall background story had enough propellant to get me through the crown conspiracy so i 'm happy to see it coming a bit closer to the front in this one now as well .
next to read half a world 2 of the aformentioned shattered sea trilogy .
however it has yet to arrive at the book shop at the same time i ordered the 3rd and final book to finish that series off quick since i 'm invested now haha .
i 'm quite looking forward to this one though from the sample chapter at the end of half a king .
if they do n't arrive by the time i 'm done theft of swords though then i 'll likely read george rr martin 's fevre dream so that i am not starting too many series at once .
this is a stand alone vampire story by martin and is set in the mid ?
heart that keeps blood throwing through my body without a break .
... or people just want immigrants to come here legally🤷‍♂️ kinda shitty of them to break laws then pikachu face when people accurately call them criminals
fix the backlog in the courts that slows up the legal process and i think we 'd be good .
way less people would try to get in illegally if the legal process was n't ridiculously slow
someone needs to tell the snake not to use teeth when giving head .
they said i 'm very thankful for what you 've given us .
i love it so so much. and yeah walang anuman would be perfect .
he 's not a bad coach but we 're not going anywhere and he seems to think he ca n't do anything more with what he has so i think it 's time for him to go .
we were supposed to have one before the 04 lockout but lost it in the lockout season .
yes i 'm still pissed it 's never been made up .
those uniforms would be gorgeous with our kachina embracing ... .
man i know your plans ... i ai n't lettin some future super villain know how to destroy planets
i think similar to what the other guy said this advice is aimed at more beginner producers .
if you have the money experience and skills and have exhausted what you can make with the stock stuff then by all means buy some higher end plugins .
as for new producers i think the tendency is that they see all these big producers with keyscape .
electra x omoni nexus or whatever and think oh i have to have those to make good music '' and the either pirate them or spend loads of money only to find that they can ' t make decent music with them anyway because their production skills are sub par
dont say a word your standoff conveys your message .
your post has been removed for not meeting the posting requirements .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/lolita if you have any questions or concerns .
have you only seen like the first season of rick and morty ?
you used the item 'hammer of kneecapping ' and did 4 extra damage
if you were here on or before new years you have a new years present in your inventory !
writing actually happens to be my forte and if you want to be condescending for no reason why say anything at all ?
no no no why does everyone suck ar reading comprehension .
bms went to decorate a room for a 's graduation after the rehearsal op did not make a fuss .
the grad party was scheduled the next day during op 's reception now ops fucking mad .
but i thought he could maybe play more aggressively .
tonight he passed up multiple wide open 3s and then the offense eventually led to a worse shot .
he also just confirmed part of the writing credits of duke nukem
any and everything ... .i 'm already positive i could never tire of looking at you
i would trade revendreth for the maw/jailer because we know that something broke the machine of death '' which is making all of the fallen go directly to the maw instead of being judged by the arbiter .
ngl you addressing how mehdi did that made me chuckle .
everyone who 's been attacked by reddit makes their title a meme based off something atleast once .
and here i thought you were gon na show the me1 wrex scene
i really enjoyed to the moon but a bird story did nothing for me .
this week i have spoken with people who were in mallacoota and many people who stayed did so because there was a real risk of being trapped on the road .
people were driving from a bushfire zone into a zone that had recently been burnt only to find themselves in places like ulladulla that were cut off by another active fire .
smiling mirror was the old man version of the original .
there is also mirror master who is the person who taught reflecting man everything .
i think that this was exactly what i needed to hear thank you so much for this !
i 'm so glad that i decided to post this i was hesitant originally but this honestly changed everything .
do you think nick nurse is a perfect coach who is incapable of making bad decisions ?
i mean it 's hard to fix games but orchestration is very possible .
it 's a billion dollar corporation and the nfl wants to make money yea ?
the refs are connected to the head office in new york .
i 'm surprised more people do n't do barter .
once i gave a rogue who had 300 first aid a stack of heavy runecloth bandages for opening seven max level lockboxes .
should i keep neglecting to take care of myself instead ?
we tried for months to get the playstation voice recognition to work for all dialogue in the game but it really only works well for single words or short phases .
so you ca n't for npc dialogue but you can for all the riddles puzzles .
my mom was watching her and we saw that .
taxes are the price you pay for living in a civilized society .
please make sure to follow all reddit policies https www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy and reddiquette https www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette as well as all r/trump rules https www.reddit.com/r/trump/about/rules .
please report any rule violations you come across so that they can be addressed swiftly and accordingly .
this subreddit is a pro-trump subreddit for sharing information about the 45th president donald j trump and the 2020 presidential election as well as related materials .
while we encourage rational debate from all perspectives we do not condone users engaging in hostilities and expect that all participants follow the rules and remain civil at all times .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/trump if you have any questions or concerns .
the methods use to retrieve ova are very very dangerous and esp if you have cancer you do not want those hormones in your system .
estrogen in particular is a performance enhancing drug for cancer .
i went last week to my first learn to turn class .
i think we will but as someone else said at a slower pace .
i have my fingers crossed for a new ygritte considering they already have an aloy mold that would really come in handy they 'd only need to make a few minor changes in it not counting the paint job that is .
hopefully we 'll get new characters a few updates .
of course not only can you '' but you will be '' as long as you have believing family members .
i mean dubs are cool n all but to be stubborn enough that without them is a deal breaker ?
hell dub voice acting tends to be way less consistent than sub .
you sir are really missing out skipping on tms just because of the voices ya hear .
yeah most of my pixel-perfect saves are a result of bad positioning etc .
i had been going on a win-loss pattern trying to get to diamond 2 and had been tending to lose a bit of focus especially at the start of matches .
thanks so much for the advice tho i recognize that those decisions are a large part of getting higher up the ranks .
make them go through what they did to the other person but a little bit worse
exactly same reason why cnn does n't allow comments on its online articles
they will end up sealing husbands and wives and in addition any two persons who have had a child together .
if you have had your name removed approval from the first presidency is required before you can be re-baptized after your death .
i believe one of the quitmormon projects is to submit requests that such baptisms not be permitted .
maybe it 's cause i heard all the horror stories so i avoided his trash
i 'm disappointed that poop knife comments get more attention than this
ajan joka päivä kolmostietä töihin ja kotiin on kyllä niin vittumainen tie .
i mean joseph looks more like part 4 joseph than part 3 joseph but good job
actually that approach failed miserably when they first tried it back in 2011 .
they were a laughing stock in the transfer market then .
they learnt from their mistakes realized the idiocy of trying to tailor moneyball approaches to english football and hired michael edwards who is one of the best dofs in the game who uses more traditional networking methods to get his signings done .
i received my jeda usb hub a couple of months ago and i honestly do n't regret it .
overpriced but they had a vision and executed on it well .
but if it did n't have competition at 1/4th the price i 'd buy it again .
for what you 're doing do n't bother with a boom mic for good audio you 'll have to get a costly mic recording device stands cables fiddle around with positioning and direction deal with a bad sounding room etc all of which costs money and time especially if you make mistakes and do takes with shit audio .
get a tascam dr10l around 200 and it 's everything you 'll need .
it has a fantastic auto gain feature and dual records so you 'll never miss a take and it sounds amazing right away with no tweaking .
eventually it 'll be good to buy all that other stuff and learn how to boom but the important thing early on is to get shooting and not worry too much about technical stuff it 's very easy to get bogged down in that and put off shooting until you feel everything is perfect .
who will be the first one to hire a european coach ?
be sure to check the faq https www.reddit.com/r/singing/wiki/index to see if any questions you might have have already been answered !
also remember to abide by the rules found in the sidebar .
any comments found to be breaking these rules will result in a deletion of the comment thread starting from the offending reply .
if you see any posts or replies that you feel break the rules of the sub then report them and do not respond to them .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/singing if you have any questions or concerns .
xbone is getting replaced new console is basically a pc which is good but ps5 still has the exclusives .
this sub will show mother 's who sell their kids for a bag of weed and then something stupid like this .
well yes but you 'll be surprised how stable it is .
steve was base game if he did say that iirc .
he did get ender dragon boss dlc wrong i do n't think i heard him saying steve was dlc though .
i do n't know i simply threw this stool into the dispenser while it was fabricating a new operator .
'illinois ' is too large an area please choose a more specific smaller location .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
better are simpatch overlays you can buy on amazon .
sorry but christianity has communism beat when it comes to human suffering and death .
r/photography is not for sharing photos posting images is only allowed if they are posted as part of a self/text-post and if the intent is to foster discussion about or involve some sort of broad and nonspecific question related to photography .
if your submission is related to a broad and nonspecific question please first read our guidelines on self-posts https www.reddit.com/r/photography/wiki/index wiki_what_makes_a_good_self-post_question.3f and then feel free to resubmit in a text post http www.reddit.com/r/photography/submit ? selftext=true .
if you have a specific question please first read the faq https www.reddit.com/r/photography/wiki/index .
if you still have a question that is n't answered in the faq use the official questions thread stickied at the top of r/photography .
post-processing questions should also be posted in the questions thread or directed to r/postprocessing .
if you want to share inspirational content that you have created please submit to r/photographs http www.reddit.com/r/photographs our photography sharing sister subreddit .
if you want to get critique please try r/itookapicture r/photocritique r/pics etc .
if you 're sharing a photography-related project that you 've been working on feel free to share in the most recent community thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photography if you have any questions or concerns .
and ya living paycheck to paycheck to pay for your house cell phone cable internet electricity netflix social life is pretty fucking good compared to starving to death .
to be fair though a lot of passive mod type cards were nixed in hyperspace or priced out .
if you still wanted to run howlrunner swarm you still could just with less efficiency as you could before .
that 's the same for a lot of lists now though across the board .
i 've been doing only the main 5 lifts no chin-ups since i started a few months ago yet i 'm starting to notice some bicep growth anyways .
other way around with 3 because zach only turned on frankie after nicole had told him/caleb that frankie had thrown their names out to her as possible nominations which is why frankie found himself in a position where he was forced to win the challenge by himself in order to get safety that week and had to pull the famous sister card as his hail mary .
besides girls in that kind of shape are n't getting it from pf .
i think i remember a significant portion of his unit was special ops/mi6 as a personal security detail integrated to look like they were part of the unit .
it also came out that his tank unit was serving on the front lines at one point which was a nightmare in planning logistics .
i 'd die for a girl of your kinda philosophy 🤩😘😘😘💕💕💕💕😍😍😍😍😍😍
tf my gym teacher is the personification of that announcer from wii sports resort that goes wow nice jump great air
it 's really not any different from eating period blood .
i personally would n't do it but as long as it 's your own and you 're following the same rules you would for raw meat it probably is n't that unsafe to eat .
and possibly nothing more than a rumor to begin with .
your submission has been removed because it is a very commonly asked question please see this link
follow ups to these search results should be directed to r/answers or r/askeconomics it is unlikely we will approve new posts on this subject .
in the event your post has nothing to do with the above mentioned reason and you are asking a question unrelated to this topic please message the moderators using this link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fexplainlikeimfive subject=can 20you 20review 20my 20thread ? message=/r/explainlikeimfive/comments/epfcrc/eli5_how_would_increasing_the_min_wage_above_the 0a 0athe concept i want explained 0a 0alink to your search for past posts on the eli5 subreddit 0a 0ahow is this post unique to review your submission .
posts that do not answer the questions listed in the modmail form will not be reviewed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/explainlikeimfive if you have any questions or concerns .
they can get all the way up to 30cm body-wise .
hello u/krash666 unfortunately your post has been removed from r/blursedimages
your post has been removed because it is a screenshot with text or it is a meme .
if you have any questions please do not hesitate to message the mods .
subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/blursedimages/about/rules reddiquette https www.reddit.com/wiki/reddiquette reddit 's rules https www.redditinc.com/policies/content-policy new to reddit ?
hopefully she did n't do the pulled up lip thing that williams did .
i wish i could grow a beard but the hair wo n't grow where my lip is put together .
i have only been on one other trip gear is pristine mostly
i mean it 's not hard to offer a little emotional labour .
obviously you may reach exhaustion and at that point you need to practice your best firm boundaries at that point .
some games have little to no fov stretch in 32:9 .
shadow of the tomb raider is a good example of this .
it 's in your peripheral unless you sit too far back .
i sit just enough away that i can scan the entire panel without moving my head more than an inch either direction .
32:9 is by far the most immersive and jaw dropping .
i 'll see if i can find the link on amazon .
following the quest path on light.gg it looks like it is the start of the bastion quest .
edit it is possible you get a chronometic weapon core https www.light.gg/db/items/3674556847/chronometric-weapon-core that then leads to this quest https www.light.gg/db/items/1659870161/spoken-word which if you follow the manifest looks like to be the start of the bastion quest
i have op6 and noticed that clock battery and network icons on top now is pushed row down '' not utilising that space around notch as it was done in previous version .
i ca n't figure out how to add a photo to the post .
okay so just before this scenario you have the usually failed corner after which opposition takes control of the ball .
at this moment instead of pressing with centre backs make your dmf/cmf s do the chasing .
if center backs are selected run back full speed straight line to your box no nonsense required .
another way is to not do anything with center backs apart from direction button .
you 'll see com attacker is wasting time with ball rolling because he also requires backup .
let it be status quo for a few seconds until you notice one of your dmf/cmf come charging in full speed to this com attacker passively .
in the situation you described 1 vs 2 you 're already dead .
but to salvage you run to the pass receiver not to pass giver .
that 's because you can outplay com 1 v 1 only 30 at best .
however in pes20 a player is most vulnerable when he 's just received the ball and is trying to control it .
so you have a better chance with the pass receiver .
also staying close to pass receiver and pressuring him forced him to mistime shots and passes another real life like feature .
info you askes him to meet you in the lobby at 8 but then were ready to go by 7am and were mad he was n't there .
i got yelled at for not helping my team for not attacking with them ...
i pinged two other squads coming while highlighting the team they were against ...
i tried telling them to back out but it 's my fault they got sandwiched as i did n't have their back
just spent three minutes plus watching your video a few times listening to a grow man say the same 6 syllables .
your post was removed because it does not follow the posting format required for the subreddit .
please copy and paste this format age x4x city title and resubmit your post .
please see this https redd.it/7mzhss post for the guidelines .
if you feel this message is in error please contact the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/socalr4r if you have any questions or concerns .
ok that 's what i thought ... i thought this was new info on something
yeah and actually no one can contest it 's your fridge your snacks .
russian used долгой dolgoi for time and длинный dlinniy for length .
so you have a долгое время dolgoe vremya long time and длинные волосы dlinnie volosy long hair .
some of the anecdotes definitely have been said before .
katherine 's story with the manager i remember but i think this is the first time that she mentioned other girls were in on it too and related the matriarchy '' power dynamic .
that turned it from a random tale of sluttery to something actually quite interesting that i 'd be interested to hear more about .
it was never worth to drop somewhere new to land for these so it only rewarded the team that normally lands there .
in ukraine trump 's allies are corrupt oligarchs and russian stooges
president donald trump is right about ukraine in one respect for many years the country 's politics have been dominated by a complex and ugly struggle over corruption .
the short version is this an underdog movement of civil society activists journalists and liberal legislators with the sporadic support of western governments has battled oligarchs many with connections to russia or to organized crime and the compromised government officials who protect them .
what trump does not explain is that he and his lawyer rudy giuliani have sided with the bad guys in this struggle the russians the oligarchs and the compromised officials .
the false stories they tell about joe biden and other u.s. democrats result from this misguided alliance .
giuliani has a record of doing business with ukrainians close to russia and to former president viktor yanukovych a stooge of russian president vladimir putin who after being ousted by a popular uprising in 2014 was accused of looting millions of dollars .
to obtain his concocted allegations of wrongdoing giuliani relied on two former ukrainian state prosecutors both of whom were enemies of the reform movement and were accused by western officials of blocking anti-corruption investigations .
viktor shokin who was forced out of the job of general prosecutor in 2016 following an intervention by then-vice president joe biden told giuliani that he had been investigating a ukrainian gas company that had given a position on its board to biden 's son hunter .
what was left out of his account was that biden 's intervention was part of a broad campaign by ukrainian reformers european governments and international financial institutions to oust shokin who was blocking prosecutions of corrupt officials and oligarchs .
when jobs report is good it causes a rally but it never causes a drop when the report is weak .
when the report is weak the market just shrugs it off and says more reason for rate cuts '' .
on many platforms a stream is counted as a download. though i know some do keep them separate .
think it might depend on how your hosting platform presents it
like they say the best time to start was yesterday but the second best time is now !
what 's my best was to order and when should i order it to affect their bb200 ?
anyways for us canadians to impact the us chart ?
arguments have to be overly simplistic so that even neanderthals can understand them .
i have one and have had zero problems with keyboard overheating damage to the display etc .
the real reason is because it suited the plot for it to take longer .
yea true u know the druggerflys hoodies for 70 are literally gildan hoodies u can tell cause it has the drawstrings looks low quality that 's why i went with this hoodie .
i do n't know why i 'm not surprised to hear that..
is there any good ways to get one without your parents knowing my age is 14 if that helps
sorry i know you wrote it i have it on my critical reference list .
i just responded to your message without looking at your name .
okay but you seem to be implying that nurse was n't in fact also a huge factor .
everyone is talking about how this lizard is missing its legs but no one cares that it 's missing its head .
i 'm willing to suspend disbelief when it 's warranted .
when for example someone like a head-agent-in-charge does something 5 spots below her pay grade to save on the number of paid actors with dialogue keep the cast members down whatever it happens to be .
but why i 'm never going to make it in hollywood is because i ca n't help but point out what 's stupid is having the cia involved at all knowing enough to have in the script that they should n't be there and then totally miss that the office of homeland security was specifically set up to make sure that the cia fbi nsa etc. .
can work together and transfer information across agencies thereby making the department of homeland security in this story the way it is written the obvious big bad .
and it 's not about trust between michelle and her colleague and vice versa it 's about chain of command and the fact that julia was taken off the investigation and is then allowed to leave with a key piece of evidence .
if it were just one or two of these things it 's no big deal .
but when it starts piling up it becomes a messy mess of a mess .
you know how hard it is for me to watch a show about lawyers ?
even shows like suits i like sometimes there 's stuff that 's just painful to watch .
about a month ago i saw a tv commercial for that cbs show all rise '' and on the commercial the judge said i object . ''
a writer of that show should know that a judge sustains or overrules objections that are made by attorneys .
a judge does n't herself object '' unless it 's used in a very colloquial sense .
so what i 'm saying is there 's some very basic stuff that is kind of wrong here and i 'd rather watch/read something by someone who 's done some research vs. someone who has n't .
it 's really good up until the water bit .
if you can get past it though i think you 'll have a great time .
nominally yes but in growth of people actually attending church it seems to be largely stagnant in much of the world .
open your eyes by izone should 've been title instead of fiesta
bird i spoke to on tinder months ago and no heard from in ages just sold me one for £40 as her brother can no longer go .
flaming cliffs would be a great place to start .
if you did n't get the right answer is much to late to reply to that text by now
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
with the confidence of being 100 sure that my browser history is irrevocably erased .
yes 9/11 jokes are bad but that 's the point a dark joke is supposed to offend people or be blatantly gruesome
probably gon na be overrated now due to the joker having it played throughout but .
it 's really been a go to for years .
jesus can be himself but also god with oneness.. orthodoxy does n't understand that .
it 's ok to be hurt about it but no sense in denying this
hi guys i 'm new here i will start a new year resolution by stopping this bad habit .
i will be counting on you once i get weak .
yeah let 's act like bosa is the reason they 're in the nfc championship rn
6 figures is n't even that much in a lot of places especially with children .
we make over that and i ca n't afford lv shoes nor would i want them .
our money goes towards solid child care for our children .
i 'd have to say looks like they fit perfectly !
all of us trans girls want to be carried but that 's yet another fantasy that will likely never happen
and she changed her story from he disagreed that a woman could win the election '' to he disagreed that a woman can be president . ''
thats disingenuous moving the goal posts and just generally shitty .
like genuinely ... .i do n't see a difference .
they 're both talking about whether a woman can win the presidential election being able to win means that a woman will be president .
not being able to means she wo n't be president .
there is no daylight between the two statements and this seems like incredibly ridiculous semantics to be playing .
you honestly are reaching so hard to find more drama in this whole thing than there is .
it 's been a thing at every school i 've worked at but each one approached it differently and we always get paid .
my first school asked for volunteers i do n't know what happened if no one volunteered
my last school asked for volunteers and if they could n't get coverage admin would do it or they 'd just send the class to the cafeteria .
my current school asks for volunteers and if no one volunteers then whichever teacher is next in the rotation does it i 'm in my 2nd year and somehow never been selected in the rotation until today except someone else ended up volunteering .
i have however walked into a class full of students whose covering teacher had n't shown up and put them to work while figuring out what adult was supposed to be there .
and i 've taken other classes into my room during advisory period since my advisory is pretty small
at some point your library would grow to be up to date '' and it would take zero effort .
then you 're flushing 10 down the toilet every month .
yeah but what how many sewen stickers did you save ?
yo dawg so i heard you like ash so i draw some ash picking up some ash in front of more ash with sticks of ash .
rdu top 3 market for 55 most newcomers are here for kids and grands .
dell webb is a huge player in this space .
they cater to active adults that do n't want to maintain big homes but still want single family and can afford to invest .
was there ever a park the city proposed on that tract ?
you could use painter 's tape so that you just get the grout cleaner on the grout .
for products to try i would post in r/cleaningtips .
what i 'm saying is that sitting here insulting him and trolling still makes you a bully just because the guy is a douche does not mean it 's open house .
the whole situation is disturbing to say the least .
unless you 're experiencing any dryness i would n't worry about moisturizer before sunscreen
the rainbow is actually a sign from god stating that he 'll never flood the earth with water again .
i figure it 's reddit nobody listens to the good advice anyway lol .
the thin glass broke at around 2km/h and the 1mm broke at about 21km/h .
though these numbers are pretty meaningless as all that really matters is force per square cm which i 'm not quite sure how to calculate as the ball bearing theoretically is hitting at a single point which would mean infinite force/cm2 !
but in practice the area is bigger than a point i do n't know how to account for that .
i want to be good at tracking stealth wilderness skills .
my main takeaway was that comparing wgs balance to riot really does n't outline quite how bad wg really is at it and there are probably better examples to use to outline that .
yep this is the better of the 2 honestly and that is saying something .
that is how you will understand the christian worldview .
all else is pretty blather and philosphizing by well intentioned folks .
we are all sinners and do n't think speak and act as god created us to do .
the result of this is ultimately death as none of that nonsense is welcome into god 's perfect plan .
we have no will to do that which we should and we thus can not save ourselves from our plight .
at great cost god saves us instead and offers that as a free gift .
if we accept what he did for us it is ours forever .
if we reject what he did for us he lets us have our own way .
i have n't been able to find you yet .
you 're getting more than just numbers with him .
whenever we needed to get something going he 's consistently delivered with either an awesome block or driving forward for extra yards on a catch .
that place shot itself in the face when they banned the only reason people bothered to use it .
my original one was an older install and did n't work .
i also thought it was an issue with the mobo power connectors .
turns out i just needed an updated windows install .
i 'm quick witted most of the time and even at the grocery store i can get a laugh with the cashier .
especially if it 's one that i know decently well .
will defs check out tm lewin tho thank you !
the best part about bear spray is that if it gets on you it 's a major bear attractant .
imagine fending off a bear with your only can of spray then needing to hike out ten miles smelling like the bear equivalent of a barbecue .
more so i guess white men do n't need any programs or assistance because they are privilege and have all the power .
by no means do they need help let alone have their issues address .
all this mentality does is pushes for women especially to be more equal than men especially white men .
but hey i guess scholarships for women but not for white men is makes everything equal right ?
doing this redirects attention away from the more common problems and puts people on the defensive .
and saying white men do n't need help and should be fucked over because they have so called privileged does n't do the same ?
i feel like her burst was a little strong for how easy she was to play in the past .
was very not fun eating a flash ult that stuns your entire team and oneshots the adc s4/5
people seeing a film does n't equal people liking the film transformer films make bank at the box office too but i do n't think anyone above the age of 13 thinks they 're actually good films
the mountain im at right now is only ice and grass .
watching this reminds me how awesome it can be !
i just lay in bed with the existential dread .
good to know about supreme reflect had n't thought of that .
it really seems like a well i messed up and have nothing to do ... guess i can hope ! ''
or maybe it 's useful in the first round where i have n't acted and something goes before me ?
i was actually not that excited about supreme reflect to begin with .
really i was more focused on the combo of using the left column of sense to up the difficulty when being attacked allowing me to hopefully use counter strike more often .
the tree as a whole really seems to have enough offensive options i think ?
but i 'd like to bolster my defense or maneuverability in some way by putting ranks in some other career ... tbd
was re-reading some and seems i somehow glossed over the bit where you recover strain based on cool/discipline at the end of a combat .
so seems i will really want to make one of those a class skill somehow .
i was mostly interested in force sensitive exile just to get the extra force rating upfront i was n't sure if that comes free selecting a second career from the f d book .
it also seemed a bit more general the bottom has another force rating a ranged def melee def and stat point .
looks like i can get discipline as a career skill from there as well so that 's an additional plus .
also regarding the point of improving strain recovery balance seems really good .
maybe i 'll rethink species too iktotchi looks good and i could get to 2 3 2 4 3 1 and the base strain would be 15 .
that precognition ability fits a similar theme too so i dig that .
that 's alot of effort instead of just minimizing their post
yeah i agree it 's just hard for the labour party to take believable patriotic positions because it 's not something the members/plp care about as much or in the same way as the wider public .
for example how do we convince people who want immigration reduced that we 're patriotic without becoming anti-immigration ?
i 'm sure there 's a way but i do n't know what it is .
the linux scheduler has been a problem for stadia games .
if you wan na talk about the process of making music or music in general hmu !
i ca n't get laid so now i 'm disabled ... . shit how about just picking your game up
oh yes my mistake i see now that it 's okay to neglect the animal that is completely dependent on you if you only do it occasionally .
you 'll get your rent when you fix this damn door !
we should apologize for them for all the unnecessary discrimination they have gone through .
wonder why the hate for cups from red bulls and lafc fans .
just find someone working in lab and do it for u .
wait she married into the royal family but does n't have her titles ?
haha poopie knife '' okay so no one is being helpful in the comments i see .
me rape has gone down to 1 on today 's news
overall i think he went by the situation the wrong way if he did n't want to talk to her anymore he should have told her that 's how communication works .
if you definitely want 2 i 'd say start trying within the year .
reason i say this is that the whole ah your biological clock blah blah blah '' sentiment has been drilled into me not only by annoying mothers/aunts and also random helpful '' people but i 've had a good dose of science shoved in my face to back all that up unfortunately .
once you get on the wrong side of 35 things just become exponentially harder year by year .
i think it 's better to try while you still have some time before you get to that stage just in case conceiving a second time takes you guys a while .
this sucks and she is making your day about herself tell her to cut that out .
that you love her and want a relationship with her but you also love your father and while you wo n't force her to talk to him you will enforce ignoring him and letting your day be yours .
we just went through this last summer with my .
her hubby 's parents got suddenly separated in their 60s .
he found someone knew and she yells and curses and cries when he is in the room .
they both got an ultimatum if you dare start your stuff and ruin the wedding we have a taxi on speed dial and you will be kicked out .
give her a choice i have no problem without a bridal shower you wanted it now here is the deal either he stays away or the shower is off .
throw your tantrums all you want but if you ruin my day there will sadly be consequences for our future relationship .
do not let her make you their playball in her petty game .
still wondering what caused u/oliverqueenisasucc to apparently go insane spam the shit out of r/metanl and then delete his account
i think perfect shield is a little harder to be safe on
i 've lived in texas my whole life and we learned about the civil war in a way that makes it clear that the south was fighting for slavery .
we learned a lot of the nuance of that time period and everything i 've learned since school has been more or less consistent with what i learned in school .
yah went to high school i went to school high
alright i guess everybody sees that different for me as somebody who is working 8h a day working out and coming home at 9 it 's hard to find more then one teammate .
we usually play until 3 4 am and the most people do n't play at that times .
i think duo is the best playmode because you can clutch a 1v2 .
1v3 is very tough in the current spray and pray meta it think ... also it takes more skill to survive endgame reasoned by the lack of mats 2 player have and the lack of mobility .
calling it now tess will keep blinking because something went wrong with the patch '' .
i looked it up and apparently it was a hoax .
this image must come from a dragonfly that was on the tarantula 's back or something like that thanks god freaks like these do n't exist .
i was sold just on the condition of the rifle .
i hope it 's one of the good ones .
i do n't care if its someone 's birthday if their memes not funny it 's not getting an uppvote
i wish that this ai n't a sign that we are putting them on the trade block
the advice that i have is that you are not your mental illness .
i try to remind myself that every time and it 's easier said than done .
i think the person who can help you navigate through dating is your therapist .
for example maybe you feel anxious when you start to like someone .
and so you should tell your therapist that piece of information so you can both figure out how to navigate through the situation and especially with your emotions .
i do n't think anyone else would be able to help me .
let me be clear in case 'weaponizing vagina ' did n't clue you in ... .i think warren is a piece of shit and is using the current 3rd wave feminist woke bullshit to pander for votes and attention by pulling this weak finger pointing at the 'evil patriachy ' .
i do n't know what the progressive bro left is ... .but it does n't sound like me .
there is no warp activity between galaxies because there is no life there but the warp does exist there could easily be other chaos god equivalents in other galaxies
in the warp itself the god 's are definitely multiversal conceptual entities it just so happens that they are tied down to the actual beliefs of non-multiversal entities and rely on them for their continued existence
when i was a kid it was bad day by daniel powter .
genuinely asking why you are acting like a maid for him ?
you are cleaning his house meaning you are also doing yours .
a lot of people and i 'm guilty of this myself take it further and say first drafts will be terrible .
you can try but he 'll just pick a fight then change t-shirts and tell the nearest reporter he was beat up for being an anti-fascist .
this is hilarious but god that picture is such a mood
cause sticking it to the lefties is so much better amiright ?
i still think leaving home and developing that sense of independence is preferable to being in at least some way dependent on your parents .
but sometimes you 've got to go along with the constraints of whatever financial situation you find yourself in .
as long as your still productive it 's algood .
he has had 13 years to learn how to deal with a known medical issue of his daughter !
i think ignorance or misunderstanding can excuse some situations but it is certainly not the case here .
which is basically sunny side up but flipped for a little
i know who i 'm talking to now it 's not even worth it lol you think nurse is still good ?
the killer who gets basically 2 stuns for using her power is better than any other killer ?
literally break like of sight and run in a straight line she will have to go through many blink cycles .
and hag does not obliterate lobbies quit lying to yourself .
hag lacks gen pressure because she is 110 movement speed .
speed is the whole reason billy has good map pressure that 's what helps a whole fucking lot
it was very good for a game that was clearly unfinished .
well when it comes time for someone to face off against a basilisk for me i know who i 'll come to for assistance .
politifact is a bad website to take at face value .
they will very often mark statements as mostly false due to some absurd nitpicking of the study cited by the politician or just based on the author 's beliefs .
to pull an example from bernie 's page this article https www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2019/mar/01/bernie-sanders/fact-checking-bernie-sanders-15-minimum-wage rates a statement as half true .
despite the fact that the numbers in it were accurately quoted from a good study they decided to say it was only half true because they believe that jobs would be lost .
unfortunately your submission appears to mirror a common thought .
please remember that as per rule 1 all showerthoughts must be original and unique .
what happens if i take all 10 ipt and still fail ippt ?
did you know you have the world hanging over you ?
relatively old post but i decided to test out the oden today and it absolutely dominates .
i was able to almost get my hunter chopper kill streak in tdm .
it only took like 2-3 shots to kill someone .
i was planning on buying a bundle for it definitely will now since it is amazing .
i love the slow firing hard hitting sound and power of it .
not to be that guy but that 's not exactly a palm grip .
the military honor is basically pointless unless you 're a troll
on elite maps teams tend to be a bit of a mix .
a tank some exotic or torps or both and a cannon build for heavy damage .
all builds are viable though torps i 've tried bit more difficult for me than cannons .
two or three of my fleet have adopted exotics as well .
its quite refreshing to see so many options to play around with .
recently i 've been tanking hse using faw never gon na get any dps accolades but its nice to sit at the end right between the pickles and not die .
korfez needs more dps to complete and a bit more teamwork .
faw attracts aggro so you may want to look at swapping to beam overload instead more dps to a single target not drawing all enemy npcs to you .
that makes me feel better even though i still have all this soul crushing debt i 'll never pay off .
i ca n't wait to tell my friends that they do n't need to worry about their debt either because apparently we can afford .
you asked for a source and dude gave you a source ?
it just goes against what you believe so you choose to ignore it .
seems like you 're the one arguing in bad faith here .
but i worry about the future of high fps games nvidia is able to make great performance gains with new launches but if you are trying to hit 240hz or god forbid 360hz its pretty clear the gpu at 1080p isnt always the issue .
cpus are often the bottleneck in that scenario so i 'm wondering if nvidia has any long term plans to try and offload more cpu processing onto the gpu like we 've seen with encoding physics etc .
i 'll just be normally wearing some handcuffs then ?
i am a college freshman and i just started my second semester .
i know these posts are more or less all the same but i just want to put out my experiences so far and see if any can relate .
in high school i had a lot friends that i would frequently hang out with and that i genuinely enjoyed around and these friendships strengthened over time .
especially during the second half of junior year all of senior year and the summer going into college i spent a lot of times with my friends and made a ton of memories .
even though i 've always had friends i am pretty shy until you get to know me and i think i am friendly and approachable even though i do n't talk that much at first .
going into college i was extremely nervous about making new friends but i was n't in the mindset of i need to find replacements for my friends at home '' .
during orientation i made friends with 3 of the other kids in the group .
the rest of them either did n't talk at all during all of orientation or did n't seem interested in becoming friends with me .
the first couple weeks i texted these 3 people fairly often asking to hang out or get some food and we did but overtime we kinda just stopped because our schedules were completely different .
i made 3 other friends through an ra program and i really liked these first 3 kids and we started a group but as time went on they continued to add more and more people to it and by the end of last semester there was a completely different dynamic and i really just do n't fit in with them anymore so i am slowly trying to distance myself from them .
other than that nobody in any of my classes talk to each other in the first semester partly because there was n't really any opportunity or need to lecture based classes no group work ever reading and writing based classes that you ca n't really study for with people etc .
so i kinda lucked out of making friends in my classes .
my random roommate and i do n't really get along simply just because we have different personalities .
though i did n't end up going to any of the clubs i signed up for at the club fair i would say that i made a decent effort at making friends but nothing worked .
so now at the start of the second semester i am trying to leave this one group make friends in my classes although it seems like i might have the same problem with my classes again this semester actually go to the clubs that i signed up for and strengthen the one friendship that i do have from the first semester .
the one good thing is that i am perfectly fine spending time with myself and i have definitely learned to enjoy spending time by myself more but it does get kind of depressing eating alone more or less everyday and going entire days without speaking to anyone besides some basic conversation with my roommate .
if anyone is going through has gone through something similar please share your thoughts !
i comment this on basically every rankings post i see so i thought i 'd make a post about it ?
it 's really not ing anybody specifically just generally this applies to almost every rankings post i 've sen .
i used to be really into looking at rankings and making them and a lot of people would just say they 're toxic without explaining why and then i 'd be irritated but go back to looking at ranking-type-things .
on the past few rankings i 've seen and on most rankings ! !
non-male debaters and minority debaters in general are like pretty underrepresented .
i think we can all understand that this is n't usually the fault of the ranker but systemic problems in the debate community which make non-men statistically less likely to be successful but it 's still bad !
when womxn rarely crack the top 10 it a is discouraging for younger girls or older less successful girls lmao and b perpetuates the idea that a successful debater looks like insert cishet male usually white here .
especially given the subjectivity of random reddit posts perceptually dominant bros in big prep groups are overrepresented and that 's never great .
even when i was a younger debater there are multiple women/women of color i can think of that rarely or never made it onto these sorts of lists even though they were really good ?
i think this is sad bad and i just wanted to advise people against it because it has negative impacts that ca n't always be immediately seen .
so i am in the planning stages of building a web app that needs to have some functionality that i have never traversed before .
i have only made webpages and not great ones at this point .
i need to build an app that will be able to monitor two things on a network drive for work .
i have been tasked with qi at work and i want to build an app to automate the work .
what i need to track is 1 the number of files in a folder 2 dates that the files were last modified .
3 file sizes of files that meet date criteria specified in the app .
user story i am a social worker and i supervise a program for young people who have aged out of foster care .
i have to monitor the documents that our case managers submit to our network drive .
i want to create an app which i can use to automatically monitor if the case managers submit their notes on time the number of notes they have to write one per week per client in comparison to the number of weeks the client has been open etc .
i already have this done in excel but i dont have the functionality to track the number of files automatically and i have to update it constantly .
also after our last audit i have been tasked with leading the qi effort in getting us back on track .
i think the bulk of what i need help with is
tldr need help figuring out how i can track files and file info kb/mb size date last formatted on a network drive folder through javascript .
i could possibly also write this in python but it would require a lot more research .
less than twenty percent of players beat troupe master grimm even though he 's pretty easy to beat compared to ... certain bosses .
so what is the easiest achievement that you guys got but very few people also have .
gosh this is the first time you 've brought it up .
i 've got in my world a dragon that runs a monastery and trains sun soul monks although only a select few know of it 's true form one of them being a pc in my party who has plans to challenge it .
things are coming to a head and i was curious how a dragon might fight while it is under the effects of it 's form change to appear as a humanoid .
i can see the breath weapon being usable and have stats for it 's humanoid forms attacks so that being easy enough to pull off i 'm not quite sure how to describe the legendary actions it would take if it is even technically allowed to use them at all ca n't find anywhere in the rules as to why it would n't .
i have loans out with with u/spiderpikachu in the amount of 5400 i 'm not able to pay back in the time frame previously agreed on and we are looking to transfer these loans to another lender .
please pm me if you are able to loan out this amount and we can discuss pay dates .
looking to have paid off in 6 months by paying a set amount every 2 weeks .
hi i have a question i have an xbox one s and it came with the gears 5 game when i want to install it i get the standard version but if i enter from the xbox app for android the standard version comes out to buy it and the ultimate version appears as purchased by me and also show the date well the problem is that i ca n't install it remotely i ca n't .
will it be an error or how can i get the ultimate version ?
is there shoebox apartment issue in hong kong due to lack of regulation ?
the only journalism on the topic states that as a major cause .
i 'm a big supporter of this sub and just want some thoughtful answers
when is it time to go to the dentist ?
and a bunch of other family business as well of course
edit i bought my ticket during the pre sale and i 'm pretty close to the stage .
i 've been waiting for this concert for so long .
update i cried during holocene 45 was something else justin plugging an actual ngo as opposed to other artists who just grandstand their politics the venue having an amazing sound system their harmonies being on point a band playing all the songs in their album and finally getting the meaning behind rabi ?
correction they did n't play faith but they did play circle !
i 've got a decent amount of pieces that i 've accumulated 150-200 but i 've noticed that my sourcing game is a lil weak compared to other shops i look up to .
i live in an area that does n't have many true thrift shops just a handful of goodwills scattered around the city and one bins downtown .
i make it a point to frequent the ones i can get to relatively easily but i do n't drive so i 'm a lil limited to where all i can get to for sourcing and the spots i do have access to are pretty picked over by other resellers/thrifters .
the pieces i do come across are n't often as cool as other things i see on depop and i 'm getting a lil jelly of stuff i see other people coming across lol .
i 'm curious if anyone else on here is/has been in a similar situation and how you handle it .
or if you know anything about online sourcing ie buying lots/mystery packs online or even wholesale and what your experiences with them have been cuuuuz i am getting tempted to do online sourcing to make things easier on me but i really do n't wan na drop 500 on a 50lb tee bundle and it be full of doody pieces lol
just notice a good amount of people posting about hex use and i think shit like that gives the whole community a bad image .
whats awesome about rcs is the research and discovery of novel new substances .
if a substance is explicitly made scheduled no matter how popular people who use it should move over to r/drugs since now they are buying an illegal drug .
you sell hexen you are no longer a psychonaut expanding minds you are a drug dealer .
if you are buying hexen you are doing a drug deal .
filtering out posts like these will aid our whole community .
i have a customer in germany who want a convenient way to send money to me in the us .
it appears cashapp and googlepay are n't working for him but paypal does .
i of course do n't accept paypal due to its serious safety issues .
but im currently at mountain cat 3 with a 3 star furai should i try complete mountain cat and save my sc for the shelby or should i max my furau ?
not sure if this means anything but i noticed that there was a consistent pattern with the pyramid things in each room .
i took screenshots starting with the one that has a light high up on the right and then moved to each one clockwise .
i tried it in six rooms and each room followed the pattern of top right light no light left light no light two right lights no light .
what 's also interesting is that mida 's compass pointed in pretty much the same direction for each pyramid regardless of room e.g .
for the top right light pyramid the compass would point upper left for the two right lights it would point to the right .
here 's a gallery of the screens i took https imgur.com/a/5ghsxn9
i do n't act but i always imagine myself as an actress in a watchmojo top10 with several clips of myself from my movies .
i 've read a few articles/reddit posts from 2018 and early 2019 about gettin ' horses early such as the st. denis spot but also read that it was patched .
i just got the game a few months ago on digital so it 's already at the latest patches which likely means that option 's out for me .
are there any other ways to get horses earlier than usual ?
i 'm specifically lookin ' for a mustang preferably the tiger-striped but i do n't wan na be 90 done with the story before gettin ' it .
is this horse or any later horse available in any way at all earlier ?
i started playing master mode and i 'm trying to 100 it and i need koroks but i do n't really have a method on how/where to get them .
hoping this is the right place to ask this it 's a tech related problem .
i recently bought m-audio radium 49 keyboard cheap second-hand to use with ableton .
i did n't check before and should have but the keyboard is quite old and there have n't been any drivers made for it which will work past mac os x 10.9 .
i found this in the legacy section of m-audio 's driver page online .
i 've tried using drivers for other 49-key keyboards with similar layouts but the ones i 've tried have failed to install on my computer .
one for the axiom 49 which runs up to my os does n't have ableton functionality apparently though it has files for other daws .
is there any way i could make the keyboard work without a driver ?
i 'm pretty inexperienced with the tech side of this so not sure what to do .
so i met this great guy last spring who was here for a semester abroad and we both fell so hard for each other .
we were only in person together for about 3 weeks but we both never connected as much as we did with each other before .
he left and we remained in contact all throughout the summer and fall and even now .
we never defined what we were but we both did feel that a long distance relationship wasnt ideal .
before he left he gave me his prep a medication that most sexually active gay men take and i assumed this meant he thought i 'd be hooking up w guys .
we were talking recently and he became very vocal about just how much i mean to him and i feel the same .
i dont want to hurt him or lose him .
i dont know why i hooked up with other guys .
but rn i feel so ashamed that i did and dont know of i should tell him .
i dont know if hed ever find out but i dont know what to do regardless .
i 'm usually good with online stuff but even though everyone here is going through the same as me i just feel like someone 's gon na judge me anyway
as you can guess from the title i 'm a guy who 's looking to make friends .
i like music games and the ever so glorious franchise of jjba .
i 'm down for some memes and any form of entertainment to make me forget that i 'm quickly approaching adulthood and the crippling debt that 'll come with going to college later this year .
this is the 24850th time i made this shitty comment .
om sai clinic india is offering trusted ayurvedic treatment .
the world is fully aware of the power of ayurveda .
unfolding the healing practices of the past we have developed our medicines that are very effective in curing various sexual problems .
we are offering ayurvedic treatment for problems like premature ejaculation erectile dysfunction impotence and small penis size .
the medicines involved in the treatments contain various naturally occurring substances .
these help in boosting your overall sexual performance during sex .
the treatments are thoroughly tested at our labs and have brought light in the lives of millions of people .
voice would be japanese and voiced by akira kamiya recycled clips from anime and 1986 movie hiroshi abe .
opponent is attacked with kenshiro 's fists while he screams his iconic wa-tatatatatah ! ''
the move deals 40 on heavies 60 on lightweights and 50 on medium weights .
it deals damage until the opponent reaches 100 where they will die i.e .
if character is at 60 it would take 20 seconds to kill without other damage .
alts regular shirtless land of asura arc sunglasses ein 's gloves and stripes toki white shuu green with white corneas and scarred eyes raoh gold and bat red .
kirby costume kenshiro 's hair and eyebrows along with metal arm braces on the top of his hands .
dont get me wrong i love ryland but sometimes i just wonder how different literally everything would be if shane was still dating garrett instead of ryland .
i know it was just 1 date but it 'd be interesting to see an alternative universe of how things would be if the circumstances were such
i 'm better than i 've ever been but everything just gets harder .
i 'm so exhausted yet people demand a lot from me .
they do n't understand what i 'm going through or what i 've been through .
i 've been very lonely lacking relationships since me and my ex split last july and i 've not had much interest to pursue someone new .
i 'm not going to delve to deep but holy shit my life is a shit show .
i have a rather long record of suicidal tendencies but i praised myself on the fact that i 've not seriously considered for over a year .
but tonight i drove and drove hoping i 'd have the will to just crash my fucking car into something .
if tomorrow is n't better i will try again ...
i 'm absolutely hating where i am right now .
im not religious but i 'm praying that the universe shows me my significance in this world .
i truly felt as though smoking weed in particular dabs really damaged my cognitive abilities .
i 've never been a big drinker but i 've also drank very little over these past years too .
i 'm here to say that it has slowly but surely come back to me .
i may not be as fun at parties but i am sharp as knife !
i want you to know that i 'm very proud of all of your efforts as well even if this is your first day weed free .
so i want to switch from vortex to mo2 .
is there anything i need to watch out for or do something special ?
i have a predator x34 and recently switched to a razer blade 15 .
i am looking for a thunderbolt 3 dock that can output 3440x1440 at at least 100hz .
i 've watched a lot of break and youtube videos of boxes being open and a lot of the cards have very bad corners and edges chipped has anyone had any luck with their cards being in good shape ?
until he lost his bawlz little carmine 's faction was going tit for tat with johnny 's .
john took out lorraine carmine took out peeps john took out angelo carmine took out billy l. it was mostly due to tony b acting like a free agent but the fact is johnny lost two major assets in the process .
let 's say you 're in carmine 's shoes at that point .
rusty 's pushing you to keep going and nj is trying to stay neutral .
global rock candy market market overview**rock candy is the formulation of sugar and water with added flavors extracts natural and artificial colors and other food ingredients .
the production of rock candy is based on crystallization which is made from a concentrated solution of sugar in water and it comes in numerous colors and varieties and has a long history in popular culture .
sugar is a carbohydrate composed of hydrogen and oxygen molecule has two types of sugar monosaccharaides and disaccharides .
the type of sugar used in the making of rock candy can affect the size of the sugar crystal .
white sugar is mostly used in the making of rock candy .
rock candy is popular across the globe and one of the loved products in the kids and adults as well .
in some countries rock candy is used in the making of tea and coffee to improve the taste .
rock candy makes a good substitute for dessert after a meal and is widely used in restaurants as a dessert substitute .
the natural and organic candies are most preferred as compared to synthetic .
get full access of the report https www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/29188 https www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/29188
global rock candy market market dynamics**the increasing number population between 0-14 years throughout the globe is driving the growth of the rock candy market .
rock candies are the most popular dessert in the kids this kid population is the potential consumers for rock candy market which are driving the growth .
in terms of buying rock candies for the kid 's parent became more secure while choosing the product .
parents prefer natural and organic candies for the kids instead of synthetic rock candy due to health consciousness .
natural and organic rock candies have benefits to consumers ' health with the taste and color these candies contain added nutrients natural flavors and colors that attract consumers towards the product .
these factors fueling the demand for rock candy market .
rock candies are popular in the egged population as well who prefer rock candy as a mouth freshener and dessert .
according to the world health organization in 2018 125 million people are aged 80 years old which are driving the growth of rock candy market and products .
global rock candy market market segmentation**in terms of product type global rock candy market has been segmented as
in terms of flavor global rock candy market has been segmented as
in terms of distribution channel global rock candy market has been segmented as
get order copy of the report https www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/29188 https www.persistencemarketresearch.com/checkout/29188
global rock candy market key players**some of the key players engaged in the global rock candy market are yas ltd kings of rock primrose candy company. rock candy kingdom australian sweet co. coronation candy. piradel rock candy half nuts. stanton novelty confectioners ltd smith candy and others .
these key players are looking for business development through new product development and innovation .
i have 2 gurdurr i need help evolving anyone got a couple minutes to help out ?
i was just looking at the malt map at https scotchgit.bitbucket.io https scotchgit.bitbucket.io from the side bar of this sub and noticed that glenfarclas is down as highland .
they 're both speyside distilleries and whilst i know speyside is within the highlands if the map is going to distinguish they definitely should both be down as speyside .
plenty of speyside distilleries put highland on the bottle that 's well known and allowed but when designating an area as this 'malt map ' does it really should be the most correct region .
does anybody know how we get the map updated ?
edit removed tomatin which is 5km outside the speyside boundary .
has anyone on here taken the power of story with andrew carlson ?
the ratemyprof comments say it 's an easy class but you ca n't trust those sometimes .
im just downloading destiny 2 about 2 hours left because of my slow internet connection and i want to ask you what should i do first what should i look for or prevent .
i played a lot of borderlands last few weeks and i just want to switch to something else for a while .
also i have another question how different is destiny compared to bl2/3 ?
global monetary policies and the forces keeping interest rates low are the key obstacles for our government to overcome this year to find new ways to provide affordable first homes .
the argument being that in a low interest rate environment housing remains an attractive investment option for those with the base equity to take advantage of it .
the article also claims this may not be as big a problem in the united kingdom or europe where homeownership has not always been a widespread aspiration .
i agree that the interest rate drop has exacerbated the situation .
however our current housing crisis has been caused quite simply by the fact that we do n't have enough houses .
this has been the case in auckland for more than 15 years and it is not a uniquely local phenomenon .
if we look at how other countries have tackled the problem we know the solution is not as simple as supporting people into immediate home ownership – the uk is in the exact same boat .
contemporary expectations do n't necessarily gel with traditional home-owning aspirations and it 's not realistic that everyone is going to be able to own their own house today .
according to a study by uk mortgage lender santander last year while 90 per cent of british would-be first-time home buyers still aspire to own their own home 70 per cent believe the dream of homeownership is beyond them .
santander itself forecasts that only a quarter of people aged between 25 and 34 will own their own home – down from over a half just 20 years ago .
in assessing how to manage our housing shortage we should consider how much auckland has changed in the past 20 years .
it remains a fantastic place to live with an increasingly diverse and cosmopolitan society .
however it is because of this diversity that we ca n't simply assume that there is a one-size-fits-all solution in terms of housing .
our focus this year therefore should n't just be on creating a pathway to affordable ownership but on how to diversify the market offering and create passage to warm safe and healthy homes regardless of whether these are owned rented or shared .
currently in new zealand 's rental sector the prominent mum and dad investor culture means that quality new homes are seldom built for the rental market .
mum and dad are far more likely to build a new property for themselves to live in and then rent their old one or old ones rightly managing their portfolio to suit their own circumstance .
this traditional dynamic puts a limitation on rental supply in terms of diversity quality and secure tenancies .
it also propagates the myth that a house needs to be owned to be considered a home .
the core tenets of a home – safety security and sanctuary – should not be defined by whether or not you own it .
our housing market needs to evolve beyond this binary outlook by adopting contemporary trends and sectors such as co-living and build to rent .
build to rent is a specific form of residential property and investment class whereby the assets or homes are owned by a large-scale investor pool rather than an individual landlord .
this allows a clear focus on customer service through quality of build amenity and maintenance .
flipping the landlord and tenant '' scenario to a much more collaborative provider and customer '' relationship can offer security of tenure and longer terms to give renters more flexibility and certainty on how much it 's going to cost .
we are n't just homeowners renters or sharers we will likely be all of these things at some part of our lives .
therefore we need to make sure that government policy is not just focused on providing homes but that there is also a priority to have affordable housing shared ownership and build to rent in a vibrant private rental sector because we need all of them working in combination .
politics often plays with aspiration and not reality but because housing is so crucial i think it 's time that we grasp the reality of the housing crisis whilst nodding to our aspirations of homeownership .
by paul winstanley who is head of research and consultancy at jll new zealand which specialises in real estate and investment management .
we were having lunch today when she got a phone call .
i could pick up pieces of it from where i was sitting a lady had called her in a near frantic state and was asking questions .
my aunt was clearly distraught right off the bat but speaking defensively .
the lady ended up hanging up on her it was a very quick phone call .
apparently some time last week in the afternoon my aunt heard a ruckus from the next door yard .
she looked over the fence and saw the neighbors ' dogs all ganging up on a cat who was on the ground .
she rushed over and shooed them off worth noting that she 's close to the neighbors and their pets and that they were n't home at this time and examined the cat .
the cat was in shock foaming at the mouth and just blankly staring shell shocked .
there were no collars or other ways to identify it .
thinking it may be chipped and also worried about any internal injuries no blood or external wounds were noted she takes it to a localish animal shelter that she 's used for years and trusts .
they took the cat in and checked if it was chipped which it indeed was .
my aunt asked for the owners info but they refused to give it to her .
they did give some info about the cat who was apparently about 19 !
my aunt asked for the cat back so she could try to find the owner but they would n't give the cat to her nor did they give her the information from the chip .
they assured her that they would contact the owner and that was that .
a couple of days later she reaches out to the shelter to ask about the cat and they had apparently put her down .
my aunt told me they said that owners move all the time and since the car was so old they figured the owners had changed phone numbers i note that she never actually said they attempted to reach out though i assume they did .
i did n't want to press too hard because she was clearly very beat up about this .
she made a post on the nextdoor app about the ordeal not sure about what details she had included and the owner caught wind and called today which resulted in the above conversation .
my aunt eventually sent a text apologizing for how things went and said if she wanted to talk more about it she could text her when she felt up to it .
they exchanged a few more texts and i think the owner calmed down a bit and does n't blame my aunt .
i was just shocked at the behavior of the pet sanctuary .
i understand space limitations and whatnot but the cat had an obvious owner and at the very least they had a willing recipient of the cat who would try to return it to its owner .
instead they chose to put it down without so much as a phone call .
i hated seeing my aunt distressed like that i hate that this happened when she was trying to help .
i hate that this cat this member of someone 's family was stripped of its ability for a peaceful passing in a comfortable place instead having to be terrified on a cold table and killed in an unfamiliar place .
and most of all i hate the idea of a smug response as to why .
it was old and the owners probably changed their number.
anyone know if the rock wall is gon na be done soon ?
anyone else embles look weird and off on the website mine is spot on but when i wear it in game the eye of the wolf is off and all weird just noticed this after what 4 years lol
hey i 've been wanting to do a roleplay like this for a while id like to discuss most of the details over messages but i have around 5 or 6 friends i 'd like someone to pick between or more than 1 anyone willing to play a dom role will get priority however i am open to switch or really anything my only limits are gay gore and vore but i 'll try most things once and like doing new things if you 're interested shoot me a message on kik redsox1990
i know the general reviews have been all garbage about these orders but up till now i 've had decent luck with mine averaging about 20 and order with reasonably short wait times until today ... .
arrived at a restaurant to place and order like usual even found a fellow gh driver there .
quickly got a hold of customer care and they tell.me wait 5-10 as they refreshed the amount on the card .
well i 'm not wasting my time so i ask how much they put on know there was probably a dollar difference which is the error .
yup order total is 43 even they put 36 and some change .
told them the amount was wrong and we need to update payment so i can order the food .
there was no next delivery wasted time and gas and someone missed out on dinner .
still slightly better then my fellow gh driver there .
his food was made then the card was declined .
took me max 5 mins to find out i wasted my time and the order was cancelled .
he was on the phone the entire time i was there and i can only hope his was resolved quickly .
thanked the restaurant for their time they were super nice about it all .
way to further push gh down the drain ... damn glad i do this for just some spare cash now and again ... .best of luck fellow drivers !
i got a set of picks and started practicing about a week ago .
since then i 've opened a master lock 3 many many times .
however each time i manage to pick it it comes as a surprise .
i 've been trying to really get a feel for the pins and identify the binding order but it feels different to me every time .
i often find myself going back and forth and back and forth not feeling any binding pins .
when i watch videos online it seems very crisp .
there are exactly 4 binding pins identified and they are each brought to the shear line and the lock is successfully picked .
i have not once had an experience like that despite dozens of 'successful ' picks .
look swimming is cool and all but it is n't as great as it is made out to be .
the game is missing a physic that could change movement in the game sliding .
just hear me out building up a few ramps and then reversing them to slide down and gain momentum or sliding down a mountain or just sliding in fights .
i 've been looking for a while to attend an institute in korea and will be applying around the end of this year .
i had a question for people who have completed an institute if you have gone through all 6 levels was it enough to get you to topik level 3 or 4 ?
i only ask because i also want to apply after to an undergrad program !
i 'm hoping to find someone on here to talk with build something with really connect .
i 've posted on here a few times before but nothing 's ever come of it .
honestly it gets harder and harder to make a post but i 'm not giving up yet .
someone who will laugh at memes play games enjoy cuddling and will have long conversations into the night .
someone who is kind sarcastic and can appreciate bad pick up lines .
i like games dnd star wars cartoons anime basically the usual nerd stuff .
i know i know i 'm chasing an ideal i 'm being far too picky for someone as lonely as i am .
as for what i can offer a decent bit i think .
all the cuddles you could ever want i have my own car apartment i have a job and a degree i can cook oh and i have a snuggly cat as well .
so if you 've read this and you 're interested send me a message .
if you pores buy one more product for your skin the entire world will burn to the ground .
if you do buy then ur guilt towards the environment clearly is n't enough to moisturize u .
can anyone in the earnin community help me boost my max ?
so my daughter wanted to play rec room like her older sister but i told her she would n't be able to talk to anybody because i 'd have to make her a kid account for her to play with .
i do n't remember how i made the account i just know that when she puts on the rift she sees her big sister 's account and her account and knows which one to choose .
now we have a quest and getting into her junior account is apparently impossible .
i go into the rift into her junior account and there 's exactly zero ways to discern what her login information is to get her logged in on the quest .
searching my email accounts all i see are emails from my oldest daughter 's account i do n't think i ever even gave an email for the junior account but i could 've sworn i did .
even just trying to make her a new junior account is apparently impossible because there 's no option to do it at any point just tried by making a new account and it just defaults to adult without ever giving any kind of option that i noticed .
even searching google now there 's no information that comes up .
how can i get my youngest 's junior account onto our quest so she can use it otherwise it appears she 's forced to just play as an adult on the quest under a new account .
... and i 'm pretty sure that 's something rec room has worked hard to prevent but apparently not hard enough .
i have had this feeling occur from many different edibles and most recently some hard candy edibles and i definitely do n't have an ingredient list for them they 're not from a dispensary .
anywho i 've noticed this with many edibles and i was wondering if anyone else has noticed the same with edibles and what may cause this ?
i have gotten a complet x chapter on normal '' orniment for both viking and knight but not for samurai and im wondering why since i did clear single player
and my other question is why can i remove every symbol on nuxia exept her cape
curious if anyone knows a place that sells the shisha/sheesha unsure of correct spelling brand haze .
would rather find a shop that has it than have to order it online
i 've been struggling with life in general for a while now and for the first time in a long time i 'm actually happy .
i used to love in a country called zimbabwe in africa its is the one of the most unlivable places in the world .
so the schools use the brotosh cambridge system for schooling .
so i love maths and have always been quite good at it .
in my school they offer a advance math course were you would write each maths paper a year early but for the first time in a while like 3 months before the exam the teacher said that most of the classes marks were not good enough to write besides me and 6 other people this completely devastated me as i was working nonstop on studying for my maths paper in addition to a part time job and other subjects .
after much thought and deliberation i decided to write the paper privately as i was leaving at the end of the year and would not get another chance to write it .
so fir the next 3 month i worked extra hard while my teacher constantly berated me for doing it saying i was n't smart enough or i could n't do it but worked hard actually pushed up my other marks and wrote the paper .
i just got my results and i got an a which is the highest grade u can get and i 'm over the moon so basically being the youngest person to write in my city i got one of the highest grades .
i just wish i could have been there when my teacher found out
anyways thanks for listening and i hope all you people have awesome days
i 'm currently on a month tour and starting to get really homesick .
it 's my first time being away solo and for such as long time .
i guess that days are fine but nights are the worse .
it 's almost like i 'm regretting coming to this tour and i ca n't wait for it to get over .
hello everyone i really had been in japanese crossdressing style for a long time but i still had problem with my confidence and my body .
but my body is skinny fat also some leg hair facial hair and my skin not quite good due to acne also need to wear glass all the time .
does everyone in herehave an advice for suggestion about how to purchase the female cosplay cloth that match to my size hair wig lolita dress skirt etc.
now i look at aliexpress stuff they had cloth and outfit but only minority of them match my style not aggressive slutty stuff bikini or reveal too much body
i really want to be crossdressing for a long time perhaps it due to my trauma complex that i had always pretend to be girl all the time while i playing a game steam i had met one of the best guy on steam and we had connecting together around 3 year i thought that very best time of my life i feel i got my fulfilling like i had truly friend then later i confess my dishonest to him but he still forgiving me but i dont know how to do so i just stop playing game ever since .
playing game only my favourite hobby that make me can alive i had play game since my 6 grade and now i study at university ...
i do n't now why i discover this sub thread but i want to post something about this
integration tests ensure that an app 's components function correctly at a level that includes the app 's supporting infrastructure such as the database file system and network .
asp.net core supports integration tests using a unit test framework with a test web host and an in-memory test server .
do integration tests here mean the same as in https www.simpleorientedarchitecture.com/defining-test-boundaries https www.simpleorientedarchitecture.com/defining-test-boundaries ?
is testing if dbcontext works with a databases an integration test ?
if yes do we need a test web host and a test server ?
in cases where a test web host and a test server are used why use them and why not use the real ones ?
i ganna study urban development at uwo in september this year .
i want to know some ways to join the school sports team preferably soccer .
looking for escape from tarkov and have codes from buying amd hardware .
i just got notification for the new software update for the wf-1000xm3 this morning .
the update was from jan 14 and said to improve call quality .
has anyone performed the update and is it any better and how 's the stuttering connection issue ?
i kind of wanting to update but i 'm also afraid that the problems might turned out worse or something else might be buggy .
what is the most useful way to export or copy all emails from the table ?
i have found this way export as html and then copy from it with a javascript snippet .
probably due to w7 eol the activation servers have been inconsistent today and as of 9pm pst seattle the servers refuse to activate new or upgraded installs .
if you have a key it will fail and say the key can not be used for this install .
if you have a digital entitlement from an upgrade it will fail .
if a digital license is linked to your acct you will be unable to sign in to activate then get a very confusing you 're not connected to the internet '' response .
the associated error code is 0x800704cf which is very specific .
if you run the command slmgr ato you 'll get a message saying it failed .
there 's nothing you can do at this time .
unless you want to keep trying and hope you get lucky forcing an activation request over and over .
my username is r1cc if you wan na join .
i 'm just a beginner at the game tho .
i got an 1070 i7 7700 and 32gb of nice rbg ram
now is the question if i need to buy an new pc or can i enjoy it ?
other question is if i would upgrate my pc i need a new graka or a new core ?
op is a long and i mean very long series .
i am pretty sure many people already have lost it .
so for people in a similar position as me why havent you lost interest ?
i mean in a series as long as this eventually we start to see patterns and rehashes of previous arcs .
for example the kingdom saving thing has happened a lot hasnt it haha .
plus many plot points might end up dissapointing us .
i admit i tend to lose interest really really quickly .
i mean i dropped jojo after part 3 1 and 2 were amazing btw coz i didnt like stands compared to hamon .
after i realised i didnt care one bit for any of the characters .
but for op i am still almost as interested as i was during my number 1 and 2 sagas alabasta and mf the reason i guess is that theres so many interesting things happening that even if one or two get ruined '' i wont lose interest in the whole series .
theres like 600 more things i still care about and so i keep reading .
this is why even after arcs that i consider meh wci i dont feel like dropping the series coz i know theres a thousand more things i care about that are yet to be visited .
so what has kept you around for the 900 chapters despite all the ups and downs ?
does anyone have this flipclock or know how to get the clock to flip ?
do i have been playing a lot of pvp lately and i just hit mythic valor .
i know victory is not a tag but omg .
i never encourage popping but this mother forker has been on my face for weeks .
it started with a small colorless bump on my upper lip .
i had hoped it would go away with a bit of a force heal or something but no luck .
one day i scratched at it in my sleep so now i had an open pore that would n't heal .
by the strength of venus the acne wound finally healed over .
until it started itching and here i was nonchalantly scratching at a bone dry scab whoops .
it was at that stage i knew something would burst forth .
so i headed to the bathroom and low and behold it comes out .
i sense there 's more but my partner starts rushing me out since we had to leave .
hours later it comes to a head at the very slightest .
i use q-tips to help it along with no results .
finally i take my tweezers and even though there barely an eighth of a millimeter sticking out i was able to pull out 2 millimeters of an extremely hard and seedy type of sebum .
i knew it would n't plague my upper lip no longer .
so writing this i hope to help somone with the same probleme .
here is i what dig trying to launch this game so far .
in my case it was error and i forgot the number but check your event manager and look for yourself .
after game patched itself u can switch it back .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/porn if you have any questions or concerns .
why waste time say lot word when few word do trick
i do n't know who this gentlemen is that has this website and comes up with these numbers .
but boy oh boy hes getting the dog shit kicked out of him tonight .
you 're better off going with a gut pick or a pick you like rather than this guy coming up with random numbers .
but state of exception is a suspension of time therefore a juridical void this is where agamben draws of homo saucer alludes to camps/concentrations camps following schmitts line of thought although critiquing it i know all this.. as this is a very dense exchanging with benjamain 's historicity and foucault 's bio power which he also draws on schmitt .
what i 'm looking for is more a radical negativity line of thought that bataille draws on in his notion of base materialism sacrifice and depénse/heterogeneity via messianicity .
derrida bypasses this as true hegelian but with his desert within a desert '' his endless waiting has no pragmatic agency like benjamin or bataille 's traces '' .
i prefer oak because of convenience but i always remember flying out of sfo because of our typical destination and cost .
thanks i might just have to do basic work outs at home in the meantime !
but it 's a reality that they are n't going to try ship any major features without the appropriate time to test it and debug everything .
some tips have a mirror that reflects light back down the blade .
that results in a fuller blade but a dim tip .
i actually think it would be rather problematic if kate hooked up with tanner when he was so obviously drunk .
if the genders were reversed it would be reallllly problematic so it 's probably a good idea for kate to do that ... .
i agree with you i just could n't resist using the quote .
man i remembered rina-chan from so many smash bros machinimas during early youtube .
so to see her voice acting in video games is so cool .
16gb of ddr4 is better for sure it 'll play way better with ryzen as well .
i have n't really picked a team yet just been watching whoever i can catch or watching reruns on espn .
but man do i enjoy it just the passion the players put in .
whisk it all together boil it and throw it on your pie !
my partner leaving me was my bottom and the gift that pushed me to get help .
daily is the exercise to forgive myself for the ways i wronged people .
the best way to make right those wrongs is to start building and living a life for yourself that you can live with integrity .
you can not change the past but have the ability to create a future without reliving the shame .
it 's pretty obvious you 're a fan of your creation .
but this is reddit if we know what you want we wo n't give it to you .
i however will because i was breastfed and given 5 every time my family went to the mall .
i think and hope the rocks will keep n.a until july .
we still have a lot of unanswered questions about our roster that will answered by mid season .
worse case ... we wait 2 years and buy him outright .
it 's funny that i feel completely the opposite .
sometimes i guess we need to remember that other people like other things .
this is sick as a am i expect af to call this out .
putin an ex-kgb man has openly called for a return to the glory days .
the people who think russia is the ussr are mostly russian .
just found out how easy it is to make vegan cinnamon raisin bread in our bread maker .
well i 'm pretty decent at flying the huey in dcs and i 'm gon na be classing up for the navy helo training in a bit so i 'll let you know in a month or two how it panned out for me .
i expect 0 of the skills to transfer lmao .
you 've presented a wealth of evidence to suggest that he really probably is in to guys and that he likes you .
but also be careful that you 're not seeing what you want to see .
or reading the situation in a certain way because that 's how you want it to be .
you 'll just have to find a way to probe what 's going on in his head .
maybe ask him about his relationship with his girlfriend ?
it would be a roundabout way of asking what he wants from a relationship in general and what he wants at the moment .
if minimum wage were 15 you bet your ass we 'd all be working .
it 's currently less than half that and people choose between paying rent/mortgage electric bills and food .
saw one in the guzman room like 10 minutes ago .
i 'm a little less scared of aging now .
this would actually be super effective because i 'm sensitive af and would probably cry send it to everyone i know and then throw my computer out the window .
what are you missing and if you dont mind what are you playing ?
my experience has been that nominations can be blocked and then applying an upgrade wo n't help .
i guess that nominations in a 20 meter radius or so can be responsible for this hard block .
so this is a different kind of block from the thing with the l17 cells where upgraded submissions can apparently overtake non-upgraded ones .
upgrades around here usually go into voting within 24h .
a friend and i both submitted the same thing we want to create a gym there so we figured it would be good to have one be marked as a duplicate and get a second picture .
the friend made their submission a few days earlier than i did but took till 2 days ago to finally get their upgrade the submission went into voting within hours of getting the upgrade .
i upgraded my submission around a month ago and nothing ever happened .
i will report back if my submission goes into voting as soon as theirs is resolved .
another upgrade that has been sitting around for a week now without going into voting is a very obvious submission park with some play equipment and a pergola .
i submitted the pergola but i think it is quite possible that someone submitted the play equipment or the pergola which are within 20 meters of each other and did n't bother to get an upgrade .
so i think my upgrade is stuck there too even though i ca n't prove it as i have no idea who might have submitted something there there are too many lvl 40 players around here .
i think she 's trying to go for the idea of acting like adults around your ex instead of getting into drama or something but this is not the way to do it at all .
i mean not that it would do any good .
ashley fleihr 's dirt calling a cop the n-bomb while drunk and fighting with her father .
justflairthings is already out there and no one cares .
here 's what i think of when american exceptionalism comes to mind other nations have had centuries — millennia even — and have not reached the superpower status as quickly as the united states has .
within the past century there have always been declinists within and beyond our borders but their predictions have yet to come true .
imagine what we could do with as much time as everyone else .
i kept watching izone chu s1 s2 city q2 vlive minju vlog doing this only makes miss them even more .
and before anyone recommends therapy i was in it and it was going incredible ... she was wonderful and listened and understood but then she unexpectedly died like everyone else who cares about me does .
hell even if she did say it at one time and she says she did n't so okay she 's committed to fighting against racism and that 's good enough for me .
your submission was removed because it looks like you 're posting music without a correct title .
does it have spaces around the dash and does it have the genre ?
forgetting these points are almost definitely why it was removed .
you will need to delete this post before submitting again click on delete above .
if you are not posting music please resubmit with the appropriate tag in the title
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/music if you have any questions or concerns .
plus you never know if they 're already working on losing weight .
an age where we had battleships and f-14 tomcats blowing stuff up together !
i 'd buy a new forge a nice grinder and use the rest on tongs and steel/other consumables .
i 've been without a forge for a while now since my brother took the one that we used to use together and a new forge would allow me to start smithing again .
a new grinder would help me upgrade from belt sanders that are n't designed for metal and need occasional replacement .
the tongs would just be nice to have but not necessary and the consumables would be nice to stock up on especially if i ended up getting a coal burning forge instead of propane sorry mr.hill
well if you must ask i 'd have to say that it was every time you said elf girl '' the way you said it was just🤤 yass !
mourinho has probably discovered that it 's way more profitable to be sacked and is now intentionally producing bad results so he can hop onto the next contract sooner .
are n't the tv crew supposed to be answering those questions instead of asking them ?
it 's a constant story and exploring while progressing .
there 's actually one planet that dragged on a bit but pacing was generally good .
it 's good to do pvp once you are able to before you get to level 20 to gather some warpoints to buy faraday accelerator.from level 20 you will enter matchmaking for level 20-27 where people have better gear at 27 as opposed to now where you will be with level 15-19 .
dungeons and arenas give more xp now as they have increased the xp for killing the bosses so they are worth doing along with getting some good loot as you need good perks to be competitive .
personally i do n't save holograms as you will get better/legendary gear later on .
if you decode and epic hologram and the item has good perks then keep it an infuse it to increase the power level .
thanks to everyone for the advice things have settled down since mama mouse has returned to the meeple .
this is pretty much the only think that determines whether a tank is too modern for the game for wg .
as long as it uses a rifled gun it 's fair game
there a several things that eliminate a tank from being included in the game
yes that 's the one i meant i 'm going to pass though thank you .
there was a story by me recently where a dude got shot in the head and died for doing the same thing in the video .
there 's always some one willing to play one pocket at house of billiards .
bruh lol i downvoted your comment because you clearly have n't played long enough to realize that what he 's saying is pretty legitimate .
i have no problem with the game but in a lot of aspects he 's correct .
i mostly keep my opinions about the game to myself but i agree that it 's been predominantly p2w for a while .
i know i 'm talking about making the blade invisible so that you ca n't see it even when you 're using it as a double lightsaber .
you are referring to the phenomenon known as malingering . ''
it 's a whole other level of anger that only comes from survey fuckery .
i still surprise myself at being surprised when life 's not fair '' lol
sometimes i look at my shelf and remind my self that i own this book .
in response to community concerns that making an established nightlife area more residential would spark fights over noise as has happened in northbridge the developer indicated that it would build noise mitigation measures into walls and windows .
you ca n't design for stupid though which is what the issue is .
someone moves in and regardless of all the mitigation strategies they will still complain about the noise .
i 'm sure this is only going to end in how mount lawley and subiaco are like now .
we ended up enabling circular logging which cleaned up the logs disabling circular logging then running a full veeam backup which took 18 hours .
had a few end users complain about exchange slowness but all is good now .
there were also a couple of databases which were not flushing the logs but a dismount/remount of those databases fixed that .
i really enjoyed tmi and throne of glass a few years back
i have already received a gift with me new '' monogram so we 've put the info on our wedding website to help spread the info .
... they do n't admit vampires over the age of 17 ...
so are hope and landon going to get kicked out next year or ...
most people i see who are famous are spelt calum
bruh james neal is your 3 best goal scorer tf are you even saying
how the fuck is tom and jerry better that area 51 there was no contest but this fucking sub
i would be getting a ring light a better vlogging camera and a nice set up area for my youtube .
hopefully it would turn into much better videos not that they 're bad now just not as good as they could be .
i swear you can just post a picture of a irl landscape and it will look like minecraft
how did these boots hold up after 1 month ?
anything sufficiently ranged will be able to kill a contraverse hold user before they kill you with the grenade ... if you go charging up to them while they 're using an exotic designed to reduce damage taken why should n't you die ?
if you think that people are supporting the destruction of people 's lives '' and are evil '' just because they support a different political party to you then yes in my opinion that 's quite immature .
well when you 're supporting a party that does those things what am i meant to assume ?
you bake a cake i 'll assume you like cakes .
it 's not ten cows falling over dead and me trying to figure out if i 've angered the gods .
oh i thought it had some weird cd and i could n't figure out what it was .
i do n't know it 's possible or not but u can search them on google tho .
and for this moment i do n't interested to make one on other platforms .
a bit of wine now and again a girl squealing in bed the feel of a horse between my legs ?
unfortunately she might just have to fall on her face to understand what you were trying to say .
does she expect you to pay for everything while she gets on her feet ?
lol that 's not even an excuse cause you put phy piccolo on a lower tier than kid buu lmao .
he is on s and kid buu is on ss .
i 'm sensing a corey topanga style relationship forming here .
we have our first rabbit with teeth problems we 've had 11 bunnies between us over the past 40 years and would love to have this to prevent the same syringe issues .
also i would love to share it with our local rabbit rescue organization .
it looks like your post has been solved because your comment contains the phrase 'yes ' .
if this is correct please mark it as solved http www.reddit.com/r/tipofmyjoystick/comments/1ubulw/meta_about_flairshow_to_mark_your_post_as_solved if you have n't already done so .
to mark your post with a comment you can write 'solved ' followed by the title of your game .
if this was posted by mistake you can report the comment and it will be removed .
see this thread http www.reddit.com/r/tipofmyjoystick/comments/23l24m/meta_automoderator_discussion for more information about automoderator 's rules on r/tipofmyjoystick .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tipofmyjoystick if you have any questions or concerns .
and do you know what else happened when and after the 2060 was released ?
they released rtx the chips did n't sell as well as they thought and amd/consoles are aiming to have some sort of ray tracing .
these are all a bunch of variables that factor into the pricing and naming for their next generation .
it 's way too early to call this a new precedent for sure '' .
how can you say that naming is for the entire marketing department but know for sure what the entire marketing department was planning on doing since they did that one thing 1.5 years ago ?
are you trying to make a record or is it your usual time ?
your submission has been removed because you did not include a demographic in your title or because you did not format your demographic correctly .
please include a demographic in parentheses at the end of your title as illustrated in the following examples
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/samplesize if you have any questions or concerns .
illya somehow always manages to look innocent even when she 's ordering an 8 foot wall of muscle to turn someone into chunky salsa .
someone has been using stinky language and u/strangelf47829 decided to check u/samu-_-sa 's bad word usage .
i have gone back one thousand posts and comments and reviewed their potty language usage .
benni had seen the episode and was opting for the merciful death of being tortured to death by mutated post-humans .
nah occasionally he 'll say something true but it 'll be by accident usually when he 's impersonating someone else
creationist theory '' is not a scientific theory or even a hypothesis .
it 's presuppositions science denial mythology and the god of the gaps .
it 's designed around attempts to discredit the observed science of the theory of evolution and is in no way demonstrable testable or verifiable .
he will get better but only at half of his potential ?
i remember back when 3ds max transitioned over to nodes for materials .
i did n't understand them at and it really put me off learning cg .
now i make blender tutorials and half my videos are about nodes !
so it just goes to show anyone can learn them .
my first few blender projects used nothing but the principle node and maybe a colour texture node .
how do i add dirt to the top of this texture ?
how do i make something have a gradient colour ?
how do i add scratches to the edges of this mesh ?
if he would have bothered to consider how easily things could escalate beyond his control of recovering he probably would have chose not to skate down by the water where his board could easily do what it easily did ...
or in the very least he might have had a look on his face that said yeah that sucks but i knew there was a chance of that happening ... because im not god 's perfect idiot and as such i know that things are n't gon na turn out perfectly just because i keep optimistic
if he was rollin down the street and everything happened the same way except his skateboard pulled an ss georgie and went down a damn storm drain that it just so happened to make a perfect hundred and eighty degree line towards before plummeting into the darkness to never be found again .
this is the kind of thing where he had to know that either he is flawless on that board or there is a very very high chance he never sees it again ...
award is indeed the correct word because he earned it .
if it was precious to him he would have had more concern for it .
explain cuz imma be going against him/her at sl52 but i 'd like to know an easy way to beat him/her
pickles are my only real fermenting nemesis mostly due to lack of central air when they are fresh in the farmers market .
i do n't use stetmato cannon much but i probably should .
i just looked up umi-c on the sc2coop guide and yea that 's a lot of energy restored .
no promises but we 're scoping an isilon-based project with faction right now that will have a much different flavor .
i 'm autistic and did n't have many friends and yes i also do n't rember my chilhood well probably because ptsd .
nonetheless i am disgusted by children so i 'm not one to want to know them anyway i will never have them .
ofcourse i believe i would have been a weird kid but i do n't remember nor do i remember other kids from then .
i was only talking about how that post was written .
edit may i also add i barely remember my life before 3 years ago it 's just mental illness or being overmedicated all my life maybe .
i actually have been looking into all the options for add ons and really not sure the best to get .
lovely armpit and good downstairs great hip to bust ratio but not size 😜
i think you probably did get the blue blood .
looks like most canadians did get the same variation .
the clown looks the most disappointed and that 's saying something
little did he know the xbox was called the xbox one
the switch pro controller is far more comfortable than the xbox one controller and imo the xbox elite controller .
every time we show up for a shift we have the option of signing out to play . ''
then during the shift if we have a surplis of dealers they allow us to change out of uniform and sit down and play until they need us to deal again .
welcome to r/makenewfriendshere it 's nice to see you here .
please make sure you read the rules and your post does n't contain any personal information .
want to join our discord and chill with us ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
there 's little nam in mayon great place good vietnamese food plus aircon !
in general she is entitled to up to half their value .
although they 're a bit pricey i highly recommend the flag-a-tag belts .
leagues i 've been in have just had the players get them themselves .
they 're sturdy and they make a popping sound when the flag 's pulled so you know right when the play is dead .
the game even on release for me was worth 5 .
they have added a bit of content and a few fixes so i 'd say go for it .
just do n't expect some life changing amazing game there 's a reason it flopped .
and you should probably avoid talking to her outside of work .
she wanted to take advantage of your kindness and freaked out when she did n't get immediate agreement .
you are not obligated to cover her shifts no matter what reason she gives .
whether she ca n't or simply does n't want to that is her obligation to cover .
you are only obligated to cover your own shifts .
and her jumping to fuck you '' only a few minutes later shows she knows exactly what she 's doing .
being unreasonable and entitled to other people 's time .
ne entertains conspiracy theories or at least enjoys working through their viability .
ni shadow ne ca n't recognize patterns and dislikes entertaining possibilities even especially when not invested in them .
me and the boys voting for me and the boys .
i 've been waiting for my prescription to finally settle so i can pull the pin on having lasik .
every year i think this is it ! and every year my eyes always get just slightly worse .
yeah it 's frustrating but that 's mostly anecdotal .
for me the email opens the app and i 'd imagine that most of the people leaving those comments are n't smart enough to use 2fa or realize that they do n't need to do that .
they may also think that they 're receiving something in return but idk about that for sure .
why not buy a kit from console 5 and not second guess if it 's compatible ?
here 's also a list of other mods you can do to your lynx https atarigamer.com/pages/atari-lynx-hardware-mods https atarigamer.com/pages/atari-lynx-hardware-mods
it would completely depend on the scope and scale of the resurrection .
so im not sure what you 're getting at .
i 'm purely attacking this caricature of a revolution being a redneck angry in the street meeting a tank and then gets nuked it 's incredibly naive .
it 's more like redneck sees a tank and redneck does n't get his gun .
tanks are massive fuel guzzlers you ca n't just have them around when anything happens everywhere lol .
all of this tech support ca n't be everywhere at all times it literally isnt logistically/economically possible .
people have this idea that us support will be everywhere anybody can pull out a gun ?
but if you 're not looks like she 'll def eat your scrum .
what is it about him that keeps drawing reke comparisons
it 's a hospital in israel and the blanket is from there .
if its an aqua colored cartridge try doing a search of games by color dreams or wisdom tree .
the reason it 's cold is due to the change in pressure .
when the gas moves from the high pressure cartridge 1000 psi into our relatively low pressure atmosphere 9 psi it cools rapidly .
when you charge the cream dispenser with a cartridge there is a drop in temperature however it wo n't be as drastic as when the gas actually exits the dispenser .
in theory you could let the dispenser warm up '' however the gas will still drop massively in temperature once you actually squeeze the lever so there is not much point to this .
you will have to use a balloon if you want to allow the gas to warm up .
as for taking a hit directly from the dispenser this is n't exactly safe considering the very high pressure of the cartridge 1000+psi .
this could damage your lungs windpipe nasal cavity etc .
imagine taking an air compressor such as they have in mechanics shops putting the nozzle into your mouth and pulling the trigger .
also in regards to the strength of the effect of the nitrous it does n't matter how quickly the gas enters your lungs .
what matters is getting as large of a lungful as you can and holding it in for as long as you can .
you can suck directly off the dispenser if you are very careful just be mindful of the danger .
the safest and most effective way of going about this is to use a balloon .
and for me one balloons worth is conveniently the same capacity of my lungs .
if you want to increase the strength of the effect of the nitrous you will have to do several hits in quick succession .
this can be tricky but you can inflate one balloon and hold it with your mouth while you inflate the other .
inhale hold as long as you can exhale quick breath or two inhale second balloon hold exhale .
always remember to take a few breaths in between hits so you wo n't starve your brain of oxygen .
as for further increasing the effect consider taking some dxm .
after four ads i still ca n't read the article .
but facebook says my job is at risk from a dodge van .
tinder is about to get really interesting for the weekend ...
has a single astros fan been anywhere near this sub this week ?
they got to keep their titles the least they can do is show their faces .
you 're a tough one if you 're smiling like that in the er .
just because we do n't know for sure who susan 's parents were does n't mean that the doctor does n't know .
in jenny 's original episode the doctor mentions that he used to have a family of his own so it would be pretty weird if jenny was actually susan 's mother without him knowing .
with the way social media and consequently news outlets works i bet someone jokingly said they would do it and someone thought they were serious and freaked out at lush for making such a product a writer for a site saw the post and wrote a humorous warning '' article and the rest of the internet latched onto it because lol using bath products inappropriately look how desperate some people are yes i may have some criticisms about how the internet is destroying nuanced humor
all of which was just free publicity for lush of course .
if it was actually enough of a problem to be a genuine public health concern they would n't have brought it back for a second round .
i think with wendi being added to the archetype playing an emergency teleport is a good option to just get extra fusion materials
our turkey for shitting all over my car again .
she has decided that my car not my wife 's is the perfect night perch so i usually find her there when i put the other birds away for the night .
usually i can pick her up and put her in the duck house but last night she bolted down into the front yard under some shrubs so i left her to her own devices .
came out to drive to work this morning and there was about 5 massive sloppy turkey turds on my car roof including two that had dripped down the passenger windows covering the side of my car in poo .
we 've always had chooks and ducks and we were given the turkey by the people we got our last batch of ducks from .
chooks are great they turn your food scraps into eggs and have a bit of personality ducks look pretty and keep the yard free from snails .
i 'm from alabama and i can suggest to not change a thing if you have something better than alabama 's public school system
how did the oat fiber make you feel ? ? ?
i really want to try but i 've heard it can hurt your tum
only a few months ago she was performing on the streets in australia .
i honestly thought the song was heavily auto tuned until i saw this .
fun fact avocados actually have a shelf life of 10 years but due to the 10 year length of the immigration process they only stay fresh for us for a couple days
if i ca n't remember anything before i was around 2-3 how do you think i 'd remember if being unborn was an inconvenience
yup there 's bound to be a fb group full of fans .
i thought i 'd never hear a new mac miller song !
likely to be fake if you did n't buy them from apple or an authorised reseller .
also if these are the pros and you paid 160 for a 399 product then it 's too good to be true .
even authorised resellers do n't have much room to drop prices .
problem is our current political system seems to be falling apart so im not sure about what would come out the other end .
i actually did n't expect to get this exact question i 'm surprised !
well as i answered in above it 's a fetish i literally ca n't get turned on by a skinny woman .
oh boy fantasizing ok. well i personally have fantasized about both feeding and getting fat myself .
for me i do n't want to be the bigger in a relationship .
so if i got big i 'd want an even bigger partner .
we are talking a bit of both bbw ssbbw and bbm ssbbm and the like .
but if i 'm to be with someone they have to be female .
yes and no it 's not just about making them dependent on you but it is the biggest part no pun intended .
it 's about just the fat itself and how it affects the individual .
you ofc have to be happy with the person in question to be together but that 's kind of a duh .
probably because they do n't like her and her songs are shit
dark ales were usually pretty cheap at the crown and anchor .
i am also a side sleeper but have a weird thing where that area has to be covered even if nothing else is .
your recourse is to roll the ticket as tightly as you can turn it sideways and shove it up your butt as far as you can .
your money will come out of your mouth through reverse digestion .
people 160 chapters into beastars now going this is too weird ''
it 's a tough call tbh i kind of want the titans because everyone 's doubting them and no one is giving them a chance but that 's not really chaos-esque it 's more loving vrabel and being super impressed for how they smashed the ravens last week .
everyone is expecting it to be either the chiefs or 49ers so yeah chaos wise out of the 4 left it probably would be green bay because it would cause a shit show with the ones that have been calling them frauds all along lol
i love good anime but hate bad anime so i ca n't really speak as someone who dislikes it all 100 as you do .
all i know is i would 've gotten into anime much sooner if i got an impression of it from stuff like this as opposed to inane high school adventures .
i 've heard from viewers from all walks who respect kon 's work so that 's the most solid endorsement i can offer .
there are many bean-to-bar chocolatiers whose mission is to provide good quality chocolate not just from a fair-trade side but also from a sustainable ecologically sound side .
who are they where are they and where can i buy their chocolate by the ton ?
i suddenly feel like my life is really okay .
and my shit is n't as fucked up as i thought .
ok you 're tetchy but we could do this all reddit so whatever .
my travel tip which my wife taught me is when deciding on which hostel to stay at in a challenging destination always politely ask for a quick tour of the rooms .
if the places looks ok and there is a female employee or manager you 're good to go .
i was resistant at first but it proved to be a great test that never failed us .
she probably did n't think of it she was just a kid after all .
plus she probably liked the idea of having an important responsibility instead of being nobody special .
a 1500 hooker would likely be better than the 50 ones .
my 26 year old brother non-verbal autism also only watches vhs movies .
i always keep my eyes peeled for his favourites !
your cousin will be so happy and family will be so grateful .
if a pedo havnt acted on it he havnt done anything illegal .
i want the devs to make the drivatars not bullshit .
as of right now they do n't have proper physics nor do they seem to actually interact with the ground surface at all .
we are now in the voting phase for the 9th annual r/kpop awards which ends on january 21st !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/kpop if you have any questions or concerns .
those clothes racks in the back are the ones right near what 's now a bubble tea place is n't it ?
kung fu or something across from search and destroy .
i think stores are getting rid of them something about talc being related to ovarian cancer and shit idk
regardless he will be the butcher of marserac to everyone .
only until he meets an annoying bard who writes catchy songs about his exploits which turn his reputation around .
just tell me the easiest and cheapest way to do it in malaysia .
i learned pretty young that blowing into those was super bad .
this is probably the wrong place to ask but i 'm gon na do it anyway .
i 'm enticed by vim-cool however my problem is that sometimes want to eat the cake and keep it .
to elaborate when trying to understand code i sometimes highlight variables with to be able to follow them easier throughout a chunk of code .
is there a way to temporarily disable vim-cool for cases like this or perhaps disable it for ?
151 devices from eve hue koogeek aqara netatmo and eufy and no problems since switching from appöe tv3 to 4 as homehub .
josuke might not be as reliable as coochie but he is not half a person .
nta and your gf and her mom are major assholes imo .
i made a decision and said i 'll come to the funeral . ''
she said that it 's obvious i want to go to the wedding .
i could n't even reply and tried to sit back down but she told me to leave so i did .
so i was just basically kicked out of her house .
i tried calling her a few times and she did n't answer .
i went and knocked on her door and they did n't answer but i know they are there .
i would be an asshole and go to the wedding .
and if they ever even think of bringing it up in the future i 'd remind them that they kicked me out and told me to go to the wedding .
been saying this same thing time and time again lol finally finding some ppl with a common opinion .
get rid of his shield and make his l-shift a movement ability and that 's a good start .
must say though i have tried dva on the new patch and i could see her becoming somewhat viable again cus her mobility got a huge upgrade almost on par w ball imo .
but at the highest level sigma will always get played .
the uk 's ncsc part of gchq have produced a ' board toolkit https www.ncsc.gov.uk/collection/board-toolkit ' created to encourage essential discussions about cyber security to take place between the board and their technical experts .
separate sections each dealing with an important aspect of cyber security .
recommend what the board should be ensuring your organisation is doing
provide questions and answers which you can use to start crucial discussions with your cyber security experts .
an appendix summarising the legal and regulatory aspects of cyber security .
obviously you will need to review all of the content and customise for your specific audience but i used this as a basis for my board training and reporting and had fantastic feedback .
that 's good though i need to re-read my work but find it quite hard to !
people who put a nose on their typed smilies are never younger than 40 change my mind
i do n't think i will ever not like these .
this comic series has been the most wholesome thing i 've read in a long time .
he has a real focus on the children and we could really use that in a president .
people like this should n't have kids dogs or anything else that has feelings .
i 'm not saying it 's a fact but some animals feels the grief and do n't find danger on it .
delete that comment with the douchebag tiktok guy cuz we got the og source !
i 'm feel like i should bleach my eyes .
48-50 is a very typical height for 240mm gyutos .
the one on on the bottom left is the less limp one
its such a deep dive and so hard to articulate .
i tried typing it out twice but ca n't do it in a way for others to see my pov .
just got ta think about what exactly automation/autonomously mean .
fire/farming tools/wells all require very little work compared to their productions
probably would do the opposite of making me progress in my hobbies .
i already have a backlog of games to play and complete
unfortunately your post got removed as it breaks the rules of this subreddit .
every post has to either be a template or a request .
original templates are not allowed if it 's an image of you your friends etc .
this is n't a place to dump templates in hopes of becoming a meme .
if you have questions you can contact us through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/memetemplatesofficial
chad slats only eats meaty tikkas virgin bhenchods eat veggie daals
since i am a part time shop mechanic myself in the summer month i glue them myself so i know there is no way that tire is rolling off .
that being said i agree it is scary what glue jobs i have seen .
worst offender was a track wheel with double sided 3m tape and a triathlete who thought it is okay to only do a base tape on one half of the tire .
yeah i think a lot of people are confused in this thread .
if one owns a company llc as an examples .
those costs can be depreciated as a business expense same with a van etc ...
i would n't expect a plumber at a huge work site to come with their own tools .
if it was sub 'd out to a one-man company then ok .
people hate being obsessed over by others when they do n't reciprocate the obsession .
i made the misstep of writing to the chair .
before that you spent months harassing your professor when she used common strategies to make you stop .
to this day your illness is preventing you from seeing that that 's what she did .
your behavior confused and scared her and she went to lengths to make you stop .
but your illness wo n't let you see that this is what 's happening .
which means this professor liked me at one time .
if you knew how professors graded papers you would not believe this for one second .
a professor giving an a out of mercy would be doing something highly unprofessional and potentially undermining their own job and the future of their academic field .
you must understand that the only person who still thinks this whole thing is a big deal and needs absolute closure '' is you .
people have stopped speaking to you because they 're afraid to make the situation worse .
the only thing that can help at this point is if you let it go .
the problem is that you ca n't let it go unless you realize that you need therapy .
you 're in a catch-22 of illness your illness makes you blind to the problems your illness is causing you and others .
anybody else feel like he 's kinda tired of the 'living in the shadows ' tool vibe ? ?
he seems to be a lot more forward this time around and happy .
i feel like he 's very proud of his/their art and really wants it to be seen and enjoyed .
i love the tool atmosphere he helped create but i 'm really happy he seems to have found his balance with the public eye .
makes me think of springtime which is great i 'm fed up with winter !
if you are truly equating these temporary fences and the situation regarding it to that of the border wall at the southern border and the situation regarding it ... you are too stupid for anyone to explain to you why you are so stupid .
unfortunately your post was removed for the following reason s
no sign please ensure the person being roasted is holding a sign with roast me '' clearly visible thereon .
if you feel that it has been removed in error please message us https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2froastme so that we may review it .
i swear i kill faster tho idk maybe my aim is just better with the gun
at completely random times the game will not respond .
i just tried to do a ranked flex game and the game window would open on my taskbar but i can not click into it and it will not respond at all .
i end the task in task manager which says not responding and reconnect and get the exact same results .
i 've probably had at least 2 afk reports now because of this issue and it 's frustrating .
how early should i get up there before it gets too busy ?
my neuro is having me quit tec and i have multiple bottles left of tec .
i started my channel 4 months ago and i have 576 subscribers but only '' 10.600 views 617 hours .
i have a french teaching channel and i feel like a lot of people subscribe thinking i am going to learn french soon '' but do n't watch my videos that much .
my ratio is 1 subscriber for 20 views more or less
me and my father move around a lot so it was normal for me .
i did n't have any intentions of getting to know anyway .
i did n't want anyone to get to know me .
no one really mattered to me except my father so i would likely forget them as well .
immediately after moving to this new area i started to have dreams .
dreams about all the places i used to live .
dreams about the malls i used to shop at .
there was nothing out of the ordinary in these except the people i met .
like i said before i forgot everyone i met .
i had no idea who the people i met were but they always wanted to interact with me and only me .
some had stitched up mouths and spoke to me using only sign language .
in my dreams i understood them but never learned sign language in the real world .
they asked me to stay and keep them company .
they begged me to help them find their arms again so that they could live normal life like everyone else .
i cant i ca n't ! i always responded crying hysterically .
help me find my arms '' they 'd ask again .
i ca n't i cant ! id fall to the ground onto my knees .
reaching out to me with bloody stubs hanging from their shoulders they would console me rubbing their stubs across my back .
the interactions always ended with me making an empty promise .
if i ever find your arms i 'll make sure to bring them back to you ok ? i would say in a motherly tone .
i felt like it was my mission to let them know they 'd be ok and that i was there to help them even if i knew i would n't make any efforts in keeping my word .
they would always respond with a smile as they backed away from fading into the distance .
i watched them the whole time until their image disappeared completely .
the final was a young girl about the age of 5 .
she always started off roaming around me screaming for her mother but her mother was never in sight .
she roamed around until her eyes met with mine .
mommy ! she 'd scream with the contagious excitement of a child .
then she would run into my arms and her face would change to look similar to mine .
i 'm not your mom but i will take care of you '' i would calmly say feeling the warmth of her embrace .
i felt i wanted to take care of her .
we embraced each other until i woke up from the loud buzzing of my alarm clock .
i experienced the ache of saudade waking up thinking about the dreams .
i did n't want to go i 'd rather stay home and enjoy my day away from everyone else .
there was the jocks usually those who play sports .
the same kind of girls from the movies that always picked on the girls not as pretty as them .
the kids labeled as nerds '' who stuck together and played card games .
the list of groups can go on but on the bottom of the list was a small narrow space reserved for one .
chase her do n't let her get away the cheerleaders screamed chasing me down the halls .
i only stepped into the school and their predatory instincts kicked in faster than a lion meeting face to face with a gazelle .
i ran through the hallways losing sight of the cheerleaders but continued to run to keep safe .
the hallways lights dimmed the farther i ran in .
one misplaced step caused me to trip over my own feet .
i flew into the wall crashing right through it .
what is this place ? i told myself looking around amazed that there was more to the school through the wall .
through the hall way i saw shadows moving around out of my sight .
i crawled into a corner and cuddled into a ball .
the shadows walked towards me and 3 different figures started to appear .
it was the same 3 people from my dreams .
the child embraced me and filled me with the same warmth i felt from my dreams .
the one with missing arms asked me to help them find his arms .
i nodded my head towards him this time with intentions of searching the hallways for his arms .
the one with a stitched mouth ask me to stay using sign language .
i spent my whole school day in the hallways .
the sound of school bell signaling the end of school reminded me of the life i had outside of the hallway .
i 'll be back i cried to them as i left the hallway .
do n't go ! they cried back reaching out to me all at the same time .
my father waited outside of the school for me with his car 's engine roaring loud enough for the whole school to hear .
daddy got into trouble again he told me trying hard to sound like a father and not like a mobster .
i pouted a bit like a child but i assured him i was used to it and i would get over it quickly .
that night i thought about the people in the hallway .
i am taking care of my new family well .
i feed them with left overs from the school cafeteria that i find in the middle of the night .
that night i ran away from my home knowing no one would ever find me here .
an abandoned computer room is allowing me to write this .
before anyone asks no i did not find their arms yet but they tell me it 's somewhere around these hallways .
title speaks for itself i 'll be eating three 350mg gummies and i 'll update as time goes on
everyone complains about the ttk after patch 5.2 but the new spotting mechanic is a lot more annoying and is absolutely broken and stupid .
also revert ttk to kill and eliminate the new spotting mechanic it makes the game unplayable .
in all the years i 've done sw i have not once done an outcall and i 'm starting to think of offering them .
so i 'm a total newbie to this lol i just have a few questions
what do you do for screening to ensure your not going to a sting or a murderers house please dm me as i know we do n't want this into to get out .
i would n't want to be too obvious i 'm a working girl lol .
when you get inside the location what 's your routine ?
do you excuse yourself to the restroom or get started right away ?
also what 's your routine afterwards i know incall i usually shower when they leave .
usually at my incall i ask them kindly to place the donation in a particular spot and count it while they wash their hands in the restroom .
please feel free to dm me too if you do n't want to post particular things on this .
we 're being inundated with asshole trolls on a daily basis .
i 'm spending half my time here reporting them and frankly it 's getting tiresome .
so i have a dwarf forge cleric and i 'm wanting to know if i should stop after level 17 and get saint of forge and fire and then multiclass for 3 levels continue to 19 to get that asi/feat and multiclass 1 level in something or just go straight to lv 20 cleric even though i do n't get anything at lv 20 for a forge cleric .
my dm and i are confused because the spells and slots do n't change between 19 and 20 for the cleric so i 'm confused as to what is the point of full 20 for a forge cleric .
hello i am picking the game back up for the first time since necromancer was released and i leveled it to 50 and never really decided on a role .
is dps still the preferred role or is tanking or healing viable with it ?
i typically run pve content and was looking for opinions since i am sure things have changed since its launch .
i 'm trying to play payday 2 vr but it wo n't boot it goes to do it then it just stops i have validated the files and even reinstalled the game .
is it just not compatible with the rift s ?
i think the worst of my issues is that i feel trapped in my relationship .
i bottle all my emotions up because the last time i tried to be open with her i cried in front of her and tried to explain why i was so sad but i couldnt describe it and she got mad at me .
i tried to explain that i didnt know why i felt the ways i did but she would n't hear it .
she said i was hiding something and just did n't want to tell her .
there have been a few times through our relationship that she has decided she wanted to take a beak from sex .
not because i did n't enjoy it i just never saw any appeal in it when we were n't both feeling it .
sex has always been a really happy and comfortable experience between us .
then one time she started getting mad at me because i told her it was n't comfortable to do a certain position she wanted to do .
i offered another one and she just started insulting me and told me i was a turn off and i just finished it with no happiness or love and it made me feel really insecure and uncomfortable .
later she acted like everything was fine and tried to get me to have sex with her again and i told her i just really was n't feeling it that day and asked if we could just cuddle and watch some tv .
she ignored me for the rest of the day and wouldnt let me hug her or hold her hand .
i guess in her eyes maybe i was a jerk here but it made me feel like i was just there for the sex .
she keeps trying to get me to be sexual and always gets mad when i do n't want to .
when i told her it upset me that she couldnt respect my wish to take a break from sex even though i always respected hers she said she was mad because she had gained a few pounds and i am supposed to fuck her to make her feel pretty .
she has started making jokes about me in front of mutual friends which really bothers me .
saying stuff like well its not like satisfies me anyway '' .
honestly i just feel pretty hurt and insecure around her and the idea of sex doesnt spark any joy anymore .
every time i try to talk to her about shit it seems like she turns it around on me and in the end i am always the one who apologizes .
she says a lot of stuff to me during fights thats really hard to forget .
she tells me that i do n't help her with anything in her life that i 'm the worst partner she could ask for and that i only make situations worse .
a lot of times i feel like shes right .
i try to be the best boyfriend i can be for her but every time it blows up in my face .
i feel like i 'm putting my own problems in the back of my mind living every day like a robot whose only purpose is to make her happy and its never enough .
we 've gone through some hard times together and when the outlook was terrible i always promised her i would stay no matter what and that i 'd never leave her .
every time i think about breaking up i remember the first few weeks of talking the first months or even year of dating .
i was so happy when i looked at her and she was too .
i remember our first date and how nervous i was to hold her hand and put my arm around her .
i remember all the happy and silly and embarassing moments we had .
when we hang out i feel like i 'm just waiting for her to get mad at me .
when we hug or kiss i feel like i 'm just going through the motions .
i know i still care about her and i want the best for her .
but i dont think i love her romantically anymore .
i 'm tired of being yelled at every day .
tired of being told how worthless i am and getting hit or slapped in the face when i make a joke she doesnt like or chuckle at her when she makes a funny noise or does something goofy .
i 'm tired of my insecurities and doubts being reinforced by her words .
every day i feel no joy no hope no motivation or passion .
i know its probably mostly my fault so i do n't want to feel bad for myself .
she was always jealous of me hanging out with anyone else so i stopped .
now i feel like i cant talk to them because i do n't want to just show up when i need something from them .
some of them would probably listen to me but i dont want to annoy them with all this stuff or make them feel like they have to help me .
i guess the only way i can justify posting on here is that the ones who read it are looking for something to read .
i guess i got it off my chest anyway .
that wont change anything in my life but at least i verbalized a fraction of my feelings for once .
to anyone who might read this i 'm sorry for wasting your time with this long-winded rant .
i have n't played in like 4 years and when i logged in my account it was replaced with one of those new free to play webkinz my old account had so many stuff in it !
hammer main and occasional dual blades and bow im looking for people to hunt with xb1 send me a message for my gamer tag .
this is the 25109th time i made this shitty comment .
it cancelled out the body dysmorphia from just staring at the mirror .
it was mainly the bits made out of fat like my tits .
i 've got muscular legs from sports my quads stuck out at as much as my hip bones .
so i am getting married in june and my fiance and i are abstaining from sex until then .
i am very interested in nfp 1 becasue i absolutely do not want to take hormonal bc and change what is already working in my body naturally and i 'm not interested in the copper iud bc of cost i know it can make your period heavier/cramps worse i already have a heavy flow and moderately bad cramps .
and 2 i think i would do really good with it because i have a very predicable cycle and have been tracking it for years now .
i can feel when i am ovulating and know when it 's coming up .
we are still both finishing college and my fiance is planning on attending graduate school .
just for reference we are both turning 25 this year so as of now we are sort of looking at waiting 5ish years before having kids .
we have talked a ton about bc and nfp and at the end of the day if we get pregnant we get pregnant .
so all that to say i 'd love some advice tips articles and assurance that we can do it !
in july 1989 shelly jamison of phoenix arizona appeared on playboy magazine .
in january 2020 i decided to see if footage of jamison was still around from pre-1989 .
the only thing i found was a commercial for march of dimes .
i will post the link to that video in the comments but i was specifically looking for her reporting .
as far as i can tell news anchor jamison is different from the fire cheif shelly jamison who also just happens to hail from phoenix ... making it harder to track from a google standpoint .
does the collector 's edition not come with the pre order bonuses bonyu food items ?
i 'm curious what people think on this or if u/will_wight has an answer if he 's willing to share .
obviously asylum is a bit of a no-recruitment zone and the power levels on amalgam are a bit low to be of interest to the abidan but desperate times presumably call for desperate measures and advancement off of amalgam is presumably possible if it was encouraged well enough .
what do you guys think of moira in my opinion a nerf is needed every time i que there 's at least one braindead person that plays moira .
some people think she requires skill but i see her as a point and click .
has anybody disinfected an ice maker line to a fridge that does n't have a water dispenser ?
psi of water pressure to even kick on and draw water .
what i have in back of the fridge is 4 feet of 1/4 '' brained pvc leading from a faucet in the wall to a compression nut that leads to unbraided 1/4 '' pvc into the fridge .
there is no way to preload any of the pvc with bleach water .
the faucet does n't tie into the kitchen sink feeds under the sink .
the braided pvc hose was leaking at the faucet so i disconnected it and let it hang for couple weeks while i got a replacement and i think i got mold in the pvc .
not just in the braided pvc but in the pvc running through the fridge .
it 's a samsung french door fridge and the water filter in the fridge is bypassed using built-in mechanism no water filter in place .
i ca n't emulate 40psi of water into the pvc tubes at least not with a condiment squirt bottle full of bleach water
my eyes are shitty and ca n't see small things clearly lol .
hi there im needing help for this problem ive had for a couple of years .
when im downloading shaders for minecraft it shows a little internet icon ?
this does n't only happen for shaders it happens for other games as well please please help me ! !
i hope that someone can help me out because i am a bit stressed out and will try to do the best i can in summarizing what the hell is going on .
there is a court case involving an entity a suing an entity b who 's president just so happens to have a similar name as that of my fathers like johnny can be short for jonathan .
my father has never gone under the name johnny '' .
somehow the law firm that is representing entity a was able to get my parents social security numbers and sent out a writ of execution to withdraw a 5 digit sum from my parents account .
all this shit storm happened last month while me and my father were out of the country .
this court case has apparently been going on since late 2018 and not once did we ever receive any notice to our home address until last month .
my father has never owned a business nor has he ever been associated with them .
my father is still out of the country and was taking care of my sick aunt in mexico the money they withdrew was partially my aunts money for medicine she is now left with 0 and now he is forced to come back to fix this mess .
my mom noticed that the money was missing just yesterday the sheriffs department took the money the first week of the year .
they put a lien on our house as well .
here is what i have been able to do today
i went to the court house and printed out all the information on the case i needed .
i have proof of service of summons towards that entity but they never gave one directly to our pal johnny '' .
i have documents showing where i believe this guy lives .
i have filled out a claim of exemption form for the accounts in question need to turn it in next week .
my mom is linked to this and i am filling a 3rd party exemption form for her as well .
when my dad arrives we are filling a police report for identity theft
on monday hopefully they are open i will take the police report to the law office and request to be left the fuck alone and given the money back .
i 've tried getting an attorney and am waiting on a call back .
how can a legit law firm with a legal business license fuck up so bad ?
any advice you guys can give me will help .
i also posted this so that i could vent .
as the title says i am unable to get my led 's to turn on for my wraith spire cooler .
i am currently using a ryzen 2600x on a asus b-450m plus gaming motherboard .
over the past few weeks i 've been feeling a strong connection to asmodeus .
not so much a presence around me but more a presence within ?
is it normal to feel at one with an entity you were previously unaware existed ?
and could this be a result of my personality or of recent experiences ?
is anyone experiencing difficulties to get in lobbies with others ?
i am pretty ignorant of discord and everything it entails but just curious if anybody knows if there is decent foot fetish content to be found there or not ... .or should i just ignore it ?
i do n't want to be out of the loop if there is something worthwhile there lol .
hey there i 'm looking for someone to connect with someone i can love and grow with .
i 'm 21 and living in phoenix arizona looking for someone in arizona or surrounding states preferably .
i run my own business i play lots of video games so kind of a requirement you dabble in them like me lol .
i also own a large community on discord so i moderate that and deal with that often .
i have a private pilots licenses as well so i go flying sometimes .
i really just want someone to fall in love with and spend every waking moment talking to on voice chat texting or whatever .
feel free to dm me i know i 'm not amazing at typing at theses things so give me a chance 3
i stepped into this game for the first time in a long time .
i played a bunch of modes franchise exhibition online franchise etc .
the main problem with this game is the skill level it takes to succeed against better competition .
the better players know what short cuts they can take ... basically cheese the game .
when playing against the pros ... every ball was knocked out of my receivers hands my qb got rattled and defenses could stop run plays in quarter .
honestly do n't know how y'all enjoy this garbage .
i 'll gladly lay it down and let y'all break controllers over straight bull shit .
i just went to test and my onetouch verio is reading my blood as the control solution ?
i 'm about to switch over to accucheck because my insurance changed with the new year .
this is my last vial of verio strips but it 's still frustrating because i have an appointment on monday and i do n't want it to look weird or not show up properly when my endo downloads the results .
i 've never had this happen before but now it 's happened three tests in a row .
i saw a post about this from two years ago but nothing on there applied to me .
i did n't use alcohol wipes and i do n't leave my strips vial open to humidity .
i am sick of paying 10 commissions and i am leaning towards more etf investing .
i am always worried about hidden fees so i thought i 'd ask you reddit users !
are there any annual fees or minimum limits you need to hold to avoid any fees ?
i have a tfsa and rrsp account with td .
do i need to convert everything into cash before i transfer ?
how do i go about transferring my portfolio over from td to questrade ?
if you need to contribute to your tfsa or rrsp how do you deposit money into questrade from your bank ?
does questrade allow drip programs for any tsx stock etf 's such as vgro or xgro ?
the boss can summon 20 mirrors that move around .
the boss then can fire a beam or ball of some energy at the mirrors or just miss the party but hits a mirror .
to make it more scary the dm rolls a d20 and has already assigned numbers to each mirror .
the beam or ball is reflected to that mirror and if any character is caught in the middle of the path they need to make a saving throw .
this happens each turn to simulate it being really fast but the beam ball goes away after it hits .
it should only do a good bit of damage .
of course at a higher level the boss can shoot multiple in a single turn .
20 mirrors may be too many so it can be 12 10 etc .
just thought it would be interesting for a irl session or roll20 to have visual mirror tokens and then tokens for the attacks to show how crazy it would get if they kept missing .
i turned my player node into a scene by right-clicking and choosing 'save branch as scene ' and now my game does n't work because signals do n't travel between different scenes .
just looking for some first hand experience or advice as i am struggling to decide .
i am a canadian citizen and my partner of almost two years is a nz citizen .
right now we both live in australia as i am on a working holiday for 1 year that is almost up .
we are having a hard time deciding which country to immigrate to permentantly .
he has been to canada on whv previously and enjoyed it .
we visited nz before we came to aus and i love it just as well as canada .
he has more family in nz that wouldnt be able to travel back and forth like my family could in the future .
i am aware nz is more expensive than canada but kind of dread winters back home .
any experience with immigration or canadians that have moved to nz would be much appreciated !
we do plan to get married in a year or so .
edit also forgot to mention for work i mainly do hospo jobs and he is a truck driver/labourer .
when my hands get sweaty my ccm p2.9 catcher refuses to stay tight .
i 'll pull as hard as i can on the strap and after a few minutes it 'll loosen itself and the glove will feel like it 's slipping off my hand a bit and it makes catching very difficult and awkward .
yesterday i had quite a few shots hit my glove and pop out because i just could n't properly catch them .
... and i heard some faint music ... was it coming out of a grave ? ?
i investigated further and i recognized that the music was beethoven 's symphonies being played backwards ... 5 ... then 4 ... then 3 ... then i realized to my horror ... it was beethoven in his grave ... decomposing !
ok so yesterday i was playing some destiny2 but my screen went black and disconected from pc so i restarted my pc and everything was fine but it happaned again any sugestions im not a huge computer nut idk a lot aboout this stuff so please be nice
i have grand theft auto v on playstation 4 .
i bought it only a few weeks ago and i discovered the remastered version existed just today .
i tried to figure out how to get it but all i got was a link to the mod which only added trees .
hello fellow witches i recently had a very strange situation happen to me and wanted to see if anyone was able to assist in the meaning .
yesterday i woke up after having i believe about 20-30 different dreams .
not all were good and it has put me into a state of confusion .
i do n't have a solid opinion on anyone in my life because many of the dreams resulting in someone either saving me or hurting me .
maybe it does n't have to do with witchcraft i 'm not sure but i definitely feel something about it
so the question is saying y is directly proportional to the cube of x. y=20h when x h h is not equal to 0 .
find a formula for y in terms of x and h.
i got them and they sound really bad ca n't even use them .
are there any eq settings i should be using or are they just low quality ?
in the midst of all the sensationalism and nonsense that always accompanies these kinds of events the calls of ... next charlottesville '' alt-right '' militia '' and all the rest please just remember who you are and do you .
you know that all you want is to preserve rights guaranteed by the constitution .
so just do you and try not to get too upset about how you are labeled the hateful things said about you the way people try to portray you the lies told about you and all the rest of it .
just keep the truth of who you are in mind and shake all the rest of that shit off and do n't let it get to you .
there are a huge number of people groups media politicians and others who are trying to frame all of this so that they can make hay with it ... but you know who you are and why you are doing what you 're doing and it does n't matter what these assholes say it does n't change anything .
try not to get too wrapped up in their bs and do n't let them get in your head .
i 'm wondering if there is a point where things ca n't be salvaged and you just have to blacklist a publisher and steer your friends away as well .
i was out tonight friday in all my gear and hopped broadway all night .
there were traveling fans and i have never been more proud .
someone asked me if i had heard about the effort to get us all to dierks bentley 's whiskey row around 4ish before the game to show our numbers and get excited .
can anyone give me a very rough idea of what i could expect to pay to replace a 8mm pipes with 15 in an average 3 bed house ?
i really want to know if we have enough in the bank to even bother getting a plumber in for quotes .
it feels like a job that is just too big to diy for me which is a bit annoying but i do n't really want to trash the house because of lack of experience .
the creators of the top three upvoted war memes based on guardians of the galaxy posted between now and 11:59 pm pacific time on january 24th will be able to choose any available guardians of the galaxy flair groot is the only flair that is unavailable .
two runners up will win upvenger phase four flair .
any war meme that gets over 175 upvotes will receive the flair upvenger phase four .
remember no one can have more than one unique flair so if you already have a character flair and win you will have to choose .
if you have a flair from a previous phase but not a character flair you can add a custom adjective to your flair .
all posts must meet the submission guidelines https docs.google.com/document/d/1q8eh2jbvhjknuhm_z4lm8fznhh3qb3hwl4qciqfoecu/edit ? usp=sharing .
what will count any content that involves characters from guardians of the galaxy will count .
i 'd also like to remind everyone of our official discord server 's https discord.gg/zsq3scj existence .
this could be something innocuous honestly but i think we all know they did n't just quit cheating after changing from the banging method .
yet the manfred report rlly does n't elaborate on their other methods .
literally that entire investigation did n't tell us anything that the internet did n't already have evidence for lol .
seahawks come down the ramp with the steel chair and takes both teams out to advance to the sb ... wait this is n't r/wwe
my company brought it a step further recently and has a physical therapist visit each barn periodically to see anyone who wants to see them .
it looks like this is a translation or transcription request so i 've automatically removed your post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/japanese if you have any questions or concerns .
the first time i used smooth locomotion i got very slightly dizzy for about five seconds and then never again .
however smooth rotating on the spot really gets my goat .
can you elaborate more on your experiences with performance while on and off keto ?
i weight lift and while i have noticed differences when i work out i 'm not quite sure if it 's directly linked to keto as i have a buncha other stuff going on .
also what tkd protocol do you use what do you eat and how long before the workout ?
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
please stop what you are doing and go to the er immediately .
if you are the 1 it 's fatal without treatment .
we 're talking about long term behavioral patterns like performance in high school .
i am all for phases of stupidity laziness and blissful capriciousness .
that 's what life and especially childhood is about .
but that 's not what we 're talking about .
i think gh just releases a shit ton of blocks on the weekend .
it use to be were i made my main bread off gh cause premier drivers would take the weekend off and i could work all weekend not it 's hit or miss .
it 's 5:30 in la on block and i have n't gotten 1 order .
looks like it 's gon na be a miss tonight .
i assume he 's going to get a power up tomorrow
i mean i consistently get 50 kills with a lot of objective time/score .
thank you it 's a stupid thing emotions are weird .
and i know i say this a lot to a lot of people but it really does mean something to hear that .
this is cute but look how thick taka 's arms are !
it 's all that hall monitor-ing i guess ... っ´ω\`c ♡ source https www.pixiv.net/member_illust.php ? mode=medium illust_id=59983773
i did n't mean to imply an equivalency between them except in terms of issues
that we usually want to hide from public view .
i meant it in terms of the listed professions needing to also be very intrusive
into ones private areas and are you ok with a friend so deep into your privacy ?
the executive branch is the european commission which is approved by the european council indirect and the european parliament direct
he was modeled after czerka 's hk 24 model which is still an assassin droid but clearly revan vastly improved the design
deering masturbating and arguing with your so are not on this list.
capitalism also created aaa gaming in the first place .
and gru is already a garbage sub if you want a shit leftist version of it go to chapo trap house or any other moronic tankie sub .
then he compounds things by yanking his joggers up to his middle abs .
he just looks like he 's built like a cage fighter .
just supplement it to my actual income every month so no one gets suspicious .
100,000 dollars is n't a lot of money in the grand scheme of things .
parasite has more modes accessing them is a bit different compared to the original .
i think it is most liked for its extra reverb mode .
flashing is as easy as powering on holding a button and playing the firmware .wav file into the module .
the story is focussed on redemption nd i ca n't help but feel a level 13 party without say bel 's help is going to be slaughtered .
that horse looks really excited to participate in this turning of the tables .
but why are you arguing with people that watch him play every week when you do n't ?
he is not a 10 or a cam or whatever you want to call it .
i was wondering how far down i would have to scroll to find the correct answer .
so why did you bring up something irrelevant like players practice at home ?
that has absolutely nothing to do with what i said dude .
the initial comment i replied to was commenting on the broadcasters chair to the players chair at an event .
i was talking about how events go and why broadcasters actually need good chairs just as much as the players do at events .
the time a player puts in to practice isnt important to what is being talked about .
ok so you 're being a twat bc i said america and not usa got it thanks bud .
i put another round of bumper stickers on at the retirement home
somebodies grandkids are going to be confused when they come to visit
i used this recipe except i used 1/2 cup of brown sugar and 1/2 cup of white sugar instead of the whole cup of white sugar .
the sweaty no-lifers are the one who is defending sc and they are using you guys as a front .
because in order for them to get beefy gear they need to hatchet run or they ai n't gon na get any money that way .
i think a lot of people go into sex with the mindset of it being a performance instead of seeking real pleasure .
as a young woman i was so afraid of not doing everything right i never enjoyed myself .
i just did what i thought my partner wanted and mostly pretended to enjoy it .
now i have amazing sex but it took years to get myself here .
when you do what feels good and speak up sex is far better for both parties .
the only difference is he killed a lot of people which for some reason gives him a kind of mystic attraction for people who think of themselves as outsiders .
the human brain is a real piece of work .
gps drone and camera stabilization/control technology with expensive quad/octo/etc copters today definitely must be be how these are taken .
it would be sent to the exact gps locations at different points in the day and combined with other measurement devices/control systems for constant altitude and drone orientation the drone could easily snap these shots especially as they are so far away from the scene small positional errors would n't be noticeable but as you said doubt even small errors are happening with apples budget .
i 'm sure minimal touchup alignment in post is needed they are definitely real and absolutely stunning !
i 've been known to throw my rod around every now and then i kinda like it but can see why some peeps do n't .
it 's different and you do n't get to cave someone 's face in which is kinda what i went in for .
i found a mint power pack 1 for 50cents a week ago .
he 's like the isis equivalent of a neckbeard who hides out in his basement harassing people online and gorging on snacks all day and night .
i think their chances greatly depends on if local law enforcement or federal highway patrol takes the case .
highway patrol would probably call the fbi and then they 're fucked .
i say highway patrol bc the only major law enforcement above small town sheriffs out in the country are the highway patrol running patrol up and down the the federal highways .
the country is all small towns cut by highways .
it 's hard but it 's the best thing to do nd you will feel better about it than just trying dip out
edit we tried to out hike him for a day while he essentially chased us .
terribly sorry to bother you but i cant remember the difference between truthseekers and word bearers and who 's who
compared to other examples that we 've seen so far i agree that it looks weaker in comparison i.e .
very few objects are actually extrapolated from the satellite imagery where are the trees etc ?
but all that being said this is still mind-blowingly good looking .
lol that 's the worst thing that you can say about him ?
she forgot to add that we 're told to by producers ''
i saw on here the other day that what we see at the end is the big meetup only from the perspective of jack 's final moments not necessarily what they all experienced when moving on .
but also it could be what they all experienced idk both interesting concepts .
lol yup i 'm a cheesesteak loving philly electrician so this gets me on multiple levels lol
if you honestly believe that the affects of 30 years of what we 've been doing can be reversed overnight you 're out of touch with reality .
if you think that the carbon tax or it 's like in a few years is enough of an example to claim it 's failure you are out of touch with reality .
you attacked the wynne governments carbon pricing schemes as inconsequential when in reality the cap and trade free market scheme to put a cost on carbon was succesfful .
ontario companies were able to bolster their profits by selling unused carbon credits in addition ontarios carbon output decreased dramatically duing that time
canada 's overall carbon foot print wnt up in that same time because one or two provinces doubled down on industries that have negative affects .
it 's going to take a lot more years and a lot more course correction by the world which we can try and take lead on to hopefully make a real affect .
but it will likely take decades to fix if we start now .
honest question ... did you need a reschedule of a missed or planned interview time ?
if so and their time slot did n't work because you were n't home that 's not on them .
it might be courteous of them to extend a new time but not required even if that time does n't meet your needs .
if you were already scheduled close to their decision time you may have simply lost to the clock .
they might have been giving you a shot one they may not have given to others .
i think if my above assumption is correct that they did n't really do anything wrong .
how is he acting like you 're an asshole ?
the forensic museum in siriraj hospital is interesting if that 's your scene .
girlfriend dumped me time to get the lotion and martinelli highlights
obviously you do or you would n't have started the thread in a sub that is n't for you .
shouldve put canada above it and just labeled ot as hates america
this is just a reminder to link the original garfield comic that was edited .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/garfieldminusgarfield if you have any questions or concerns .
if you bomb at 6km turn of the motor and glide down at maximum speed 600kmph get to less then 500m above ground and head twords the airfield .
if you can judge how long it will take for you to get down you can maintain your hight as long as possible .
take a flat approche use the map m for orientation of the runway know the side you will approche on .
when see the runway trottle down so you lose speed .
get down to 100m your speed should be stable during this operation .
if you are to fast make banked turns hold a or d and s and undo the turn immediately to stay on the path to the runway .
engin off flaps and gear can be deploy under 300kmph right in front of the runway .
if you run in danger of crashing rev up .
you should aim for the very first bit of runway .
you can gently pull up s button so your gear in the back touches first .
alternativly you can brake faster by going sideways with e or q .
this can damage the gear though if done to harshly .
sorry for bad english and good luck not spending this redicoulus repair cost .
btw if you want to see something awesome check out this link .
https basicmedicalkey.com/the-larynx-hoarseness pictures of real vocal cords and heaps of info on what can cause hoarseness .
thank you for the advice i kinda knew those jobs you proposed me were for shy people but the thing is i am an open '' person i love planning as i said innovation and creativity and talking i really enjoy exploring but i do it in a much more calm and soft way so
are n't really for me at all expecially accounting i hated it deeply finance is n't just working in a stock right ?
i pursued business and i 'm considering as i said to switch to business economics or to a more political international side of it because i wanted to work in entertainment and art business in event planning and marketing or even in think thanks i ca n't have them all i know i got to decide ... but i wonder if in those fields there are people like me or i 'll find myself working mainly with jocks and very joky people or if i can find more quiet and gentle people that shares some interests with me like my love for movies the entertainment field i 'd love to work in
blue oyster cult opened for them in atlanta on that tour .
yeah that 's the one i was looking at based on wire cutters reviews !
knew we were going to be shit when i saw that akanji and pizchek were starting cbs
your comment has been removed because it violates rule 1 be civil https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/about/rules .
why do i have to be civil in a sub about assholes ?
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
looks like snow albino of unknown strain and unknown hets .
ok this game 's actually short enough that i can go through line by line .
all tests in the game are made with a 6 sided die
test should only be called for when a character is doing an activity under stress .
for example a character driving to work would n't need to make a test .
however a character involved in a car chase would need to make a test .
so i might be driving to work in this game ?
the intro mentioned something about the hypersleep system on my starship malfunctioning so ... where am i ?
whenever a character needs to make a test using their niche they succeed on a roll of 2
ok so any time i do something more stressful than driving to work on my spaceship i got ta roll a d6 and if i get a 2 or higher i succeed as long as it 's covered by my niche . ''
let 's go back to what i 've read about a niche so far .
generally speaking you pick one thing your character is and what that niche does .
ok ... my character is a my little pony fan .
so if he 's trying to cosplay as applejack and he 's under stress he 's got ta roll at least a 2 to successfully cosplay as applejack .
a player may attempt to make a test that is not covered by their niche however they need to roll a 5 to succeed and failure usually results in further complications
better hope i do n't have to do anything that is n't cosplaying as applejack in this game .
the next few bullet points try to say that the dm can hand out 1s or 1s to a task depending on the circumstances and does so in a way that 's not clear whether the 1s and 1s stack or whether you either have 1 1 or no modifier .
for example the player might be trying to do a test that requires finesse in the complete dark or maybe another player is hindering their ability to succeed
so now we 've got pvp before we 've even established that there 's a group of players playing together .
did n't i wake up alone on a starship and then drive to work ?
there 's been no explanation of how players can interact with each other and now suddenly we can mess with each other .
i 'm gon na skip ahead because it 's late and i 'm tired .
the slice and cuts system is a mechanism that is used to determine the difficulty slice of the current goal the players have in front of them and how many successful tests cuts they need to make in order to accomplish the goal .
why in gygax 's name would you call difficulty slice '' and the number of succesful rolls needed to complete a task cuts ' ?
you have n't even described how a task can be broken up into multiple tests and now you 're throwing these two terms that mean nothing close to what the words actually mean at the reader .
my job as the gm not dm as i was on the previous page is as follows
the gm determines the difficulty of the slice and the number of cuts it will take to complete it
the players then have to tell me things that they do that i can turn into tests and if they pass six of them they climb the wall .
there 's no cohesiveness and the rules have mentioned that they can mess with each other but not how or why .
if they fail i can choose to make them take damage or not .
i probably should n't though since that 's supposed to be for difficult or impossible ugh ... slices .
so what 's the point of less difficult ones if there 's nothing to lose ?
ultimately this game has a simple core mechanic that could be explained in one or two pages but as it 's written it fails to do so over 9 pages .
write it again from scratch and make sure every sentence actually explains a rule in concise language .
as it stands i 'm waking up in a starship then driving to work then trying to break into the cia headquarters in langley .
so you want a champ that can 100-0 at level 3 from 700 range ?
i 'm using the same kind of thing as the retro analog it 's called a zero delay i dont much about wiring and nothing about programming so it 's my best avenue for right now
kind of like the time someone said that star trek was a rip off of star wars .
does she walk on your keyboard sometimes while you 're in the middle of a fight with super mutants ?
i think naruto was the first manga i read i 'm not sure myself .
i hope you like hnk if you ever get to it !
trying to watch as many episodes of generation kill as i can .
only about 1 in 4 college graduates get a job in the field of their degree .
that means 75 of college degrees do n't even get used .
oooooh nice tricolor and matching attribute to year too !
i have loved how travelling worked in the very first fallouts .
there was no long and exhausting running from one place to another .
if it would be similar in the new fallout then cars would be great .
furthermore there was a driveable car in fallout 2 and it suited the game very well .
nah it 'd just be exclusively ufc betting honestly .
my vpn does n't have a spot in nj but does have one in vegas would that still work ?
it looks like the flame thrower dragon '' from james bond .
also normal tires that can go flat from a bullet ?
i do n't know maybe it 's because i do n't have tears running down my eyes and my vision is n't affected by that .
to benefit under this warranty secretlab must be notified of any defect within 14 days of the occurrence of such defect via an image or video of the relevant defect sent electronically to support secretlab.co mailto support secretlab.co
https reddit.com/user/kicken support this service on patreon https www.patreon.com/r_hentai github https github.com/mistressmamiya/hsauce_bot
view full results http saucenao.com/search.php ? db=999 url=https i.imgur.com/sad5ylu.jpg created for r/hentai powered by saucenao https saucenao.com
my thinking is that if the bullets rewind time to when someones quirk has n't manifested yet would n't that mean quirk should reappear in a few years ?
if your quirk manifests at lets say 5 years old would n't that mean in 5 years mirio 's quirk will pop up again ?
assuming this is a new hdd right click on the windows icon in the bottom left corner of your screen and select disk management '' .
once you open it up right clock on the hdd and select something along the lines of create new volume '' .
there you will be able to create a new volume and windows will recognize the drive .
this is giving me serious deja vu to our game against dortmund .
they 're falling apart in exactly the same ways .
edit ok never mind looks like both teams are just melting defensively
may i come and join you in the shower ?
i think the thing i 'm most glad for is how this video ended .
an early access player coming in with their absa and showing off the truly insane skill ceiling that roa has to the point where woolie thought that cloud was homing when it 's very much manually guided .
watching tournament play in this game is absolutely wild and it takes hundreds of hours to truly reach anywhere close to that skill level .
online is good for the most part especially compared to ultimate holy shit and a switch version is coming at a further undisclosed date !
also lovers of aether is cute and funny as shit
someone saw the other post from dakooters and posted this for some quick karma ...
self-serve is supposed to be all 24 lb paper these days .
i was just hoping he nicked their car a little so they 'd learn not to do it again
firefox fenix and duckduckgo app on android on pc my first choice is microsoft edge chromium .
i started a new job last week at 25w so i 'll be in by third trimester any day now .
they did not know i was pregnant when i interviewed or when they offered me the job .
6 months is plenty of time to get in a new groove and plan for your leave .
they 're hiring someone with the idea that they 'll remain in that position long-term i assume .
they 're hiring you not a seat-warmer to stay put for exactly 9 months or something .
taking a couple months off 6 months in is a drop in the bucket .
the cafetera staff were grandmas that cooked everything from scratch .
those huge puffy bread rolls are still something i dream about .
i went in the late 70s-80s and it was the same .
greatest rolls i 've ever had were my grandma 's yeast rolls and the rolls served at school .
couple days before thanksgiving and christmas break they served the most delicious turkey noodles with mashed potatoes rolls spinach peaches and a cinnamon roll with chocolate milk .
that looks pretty neat only one thing that 's bothering me .
it has no reaction control system at least none that i can make out .
any space probe that is required to point at certain directions at certain times to position solar panels or a camera would require an array of small thrusters .
though if complete realism is of no concern that 's rather irrelevant .
great model nonetheless reminds me of the late soviet lunar probes
your multi-meter measured 27.8vac but nest reported voc as 27 .
voc is peak so should be 1.414 times measured rms voltage .
curious if you could measure voltage with nest hooked up .
also see what voc/vin is without a c wire .
verify your c wire is actually c at the other end .
if all else fails installing isolation relays would be a work-around .
i mean i 'm not the lunch money kid i 'm in college with a job but i think like just getting some cool clothes from the artist i like .
i mean a 30 shirt it 's not an insane price either most sports shirts will cost me 20 50 so it 's a fair price too .
the only difference i can come up between me and my fiance is that i have the 75 nitro points boost but she does not that yet .
we will get her the final missing boost items so maybe we see if that has any correlation with wumpa coins ...
apparently a lot of the population growth is coming from ohio .
i have a friend in charleston who says almost every person from out of state seems to be from ohio .
because i just dont like the taste and no amount of sugar helps .
i wake up fine and have enough energy without it .
i also dont drink energy drinks if you were wonderings .
and the only thing i ever see you put down is water and green tea
to add to the list off the top of head skipinnish beinn lee trail west are bands out of the hebrides and mix english tracks gàidhlig and instrumentals featuring traditional instruments .
more folk than say the rock folk blend of runrig .
not really funny though is it a young kid tearing his acl sums up everything i 've heard about your fan base really .
i can relate to a multi millionaire and michelle is no tranny but i can relate to having a smart beautiful wife with a phd ...
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/showersex r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/bondage_porn r/analinsertions r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/clothingkink r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/erasernipples r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/sexandsoles r/allpornnsfw r/throatbarrier r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/bondage_porn r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily r/xart
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/asshole if you have any questions or concerns .
just know that when he died it was all put into her hand about how to carry on his legacy and she does n't know anything about the music industry and she 's trying her hardest .
what the hell am i doing in texas ? ?
shes a money hungry bitch but after she got together with that new guy i really thought this was legit because hopping on the next one is soooo jenelle .
shes never thought anything out and was probably shocked as hell when the mtv funds ran out .
i never thought of that and now i feel foolish
i stared at the prompt for ages trying to figure out what my answer .
but in reality i need to make more social commitments and spend time with the people i love and the people who love me .
i appreciate them working on new brawlers and maps and all that but this game is lacking some shnazzle .
maybe lore as they said they might consider it before .
it 's been a while since we got a meaningful update .
it really rang true when you said it 's sad that the only thing we can expect from new updates is just new brawlers and skins which is true .
i believe there is so much potential to this fun game it 'd be sad to see it rot with no new content .
i think a wl2 would have been welcomed a bit more warmly than bp .
a wl2 at this point would screw up the established timeline .
although looking at when wl takes place who 's in the oval at that time and how karen pops back up in fallen ghosts ... it 's likely she got pardoned ... and i 'm a-okay with that .
i prefer the days how cod used to be made but after playing this one after a couple of months it 's grown on me i do n't quite hate it anymore .
but i can only have fun playing with friends playing solo is boring af .
creating new threads about yourself your chart or your placements is not allowed on this subreddit .
if you have done so remove your post and post in r/askastrologers .
we do not allow topics that generalize or stereotype by sun sign for example posting about scorpios '' or a capricorn woman '' signs you have dated '' or air signs '' if you mean people .
if you have broken these or another subreddit rule https www.reddit.com/r/astrology/about/sidebar delete your post or you could end up with a temporary or permanent ban on participation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/astrology if you have any questions or concerns .
just for the record community colleges do not accept lower gpas .
oftentimes they are more competitive because they are less expensive .
well i just realized that detective pikachu 's purpose was to introduce people to dynamax pokemon
another thing to think about if your current employer is giving you this promotion they may value you enough to give you something similar in your region .
or you may be qualified for a similar position with a different company where you are .
this probably wo n't be the last opportunity to come your way .
i might say go for it if the kid was old enough to understand like a teenager but there 's no way a 4 year old will understand why money is more important than time with him .
i made an account without thinking much about it because it mentioned employers probably a dumb move .
i had to choose the major graduation year etc .
but yeah i 've never heard of the company .
it did ask me to provide names of people i worked on projects with i skipped this part but it did have a lot of emails .
beat all the mission cards and had 150+pokes with lvl15 or higher .
retired with all maxed items except ss 's and sbls .
i 'm from the manitary and hunter era well before them as a matter of fact .
lol it 's kind of weird the illegal states are green and the legal states are black .
can you please stop comparing normal fucking owners to shit nutters ?
or where there is otherwise a dominance of corporatized government agencies agencies organized along business-management practices or of publicly listed corporations in which the state has controlling shares .
because that 's just a longer way of saying state controlled . ''
seriously how does including that in my original sentence change the meaning of what i said ?
in many state capitalist countries such as china the government does n't necessarily own the means of production they may otherwise influence or control it but its not the same .
i do n't own this house i just control it . ''
in what sense then do you not own it ?
i do n't own these slaves i just control them .
therefore they are n't slaves and i 'm not a slave owner .
i 'm just a person who controls people telling them when they can sleep where they live when and what work they will do whether they are paid and how much .
i control every aspect of their lives even when they piss and poop .
so how is a state controlled economy not a state owned economy ?
to point to nazi germany for example many corporations profited off of the war effort .
right the government ordered companies to do something the government wanted done ... .and this was free-market capitalism ?
forget about 'profit ' for the moment because profit is not necessarily the defining feature of 'capitalism ' for reasons i can explain if you want this is about who controls the economy private individuals or the state ?
yes private individuals and companies were able to 'profit ' from the war and the holocaust in the narrow sense of taking more in revenue than they spent ... .by taking government money which the government had stolen from other people and then doing what the government wanted .
that 's not a market at all i.e. where was market demand for mass murder ?
the state centrally planned the mass roundup transportation and execution of millions of people auschwitz sobibor all the concentration camps they were not places which arose organically through market competition no entrepreneur said hey i think i could make a killing by building a death camp here !
the locals will pay through the nose to have me murder all these jews ! ''
the state built those death camps and shipped people to them and it was the state who murdered them .
that 's central planning and in its way an extreme form of socialism though one not terribly different from what stalin mao pol pot and countless others did to their undesirables '' the germans were just more efficient at it .
the fact that this was facilitated in part by nominally private companies does not make this 'capitalism ' somehow because the state is the driving force behind this .
it would be capitalism if market forces '' i.e .
sure eventually some private companies asked for the state to build them concentration camps note 'concentration camps ' and 'death camps ' are not synonymous so the companies could use slave labor for their own profits but that brings up an interesting question is this socialism ?
and if so how is it not just a more extreme form of what the us government does ?
some company wants to build smartphones so the local or state government lays out a sweetheart deal for the company promising to confiscate the land eminent domain and sell it to them on the cheap this exact thing was upheld by the us supreme court in kelo v new london waive any regulations or permits and give them massive tax breaks .
maybe maybe not there is an element of market competition at work albeit heavily distorted by government .
but can you begin to see why i say the us is at least a little socialist ?
well what if we take this a bit further ?
the company not only wants the land stolen from someone else and given to them by the government they want slave laborers brought from other countries by the government at taxpayer expense and forced to work in this factory which will be producing widgets not for ordinary consumers but for the government .
if not it sure as hell ai n't 'capitalism ' and that 's what was going on with that war profiteering . ''
that 's central planning and in its way an extreme form of socialism though one not terribly different from what stalin mao pol pot and countless others did to their undesirables '' the germans were just more efficient at it .
the fact that this was facilitated in part by nominally private companies does not make this 'capitalism ' somehow .
by the bye that 's not even 'profit ' properly speaking profit in the economic sense means value has been added net to the economy not merely that one firm took in more revenues than it expended .
it still makes them 'capitalist ' if you consider them 'socialists ' by the same criteria .
no because as i said on balance they were more socialist than capitalist and the nsdap leadership intended to become more socialist they wanted the economy to be more socialist-y than it was .
they certainly were not intending to take the economy in a more laissez-faire direction before during or after the war .
so if they call themselves socialist have a mostly socialist economy and are trending even further in the direction of socialism ... ..can you not see where i 'm going with this ?
i do n't want to be unfair to you but one can make the argument that all companies no matter how privately owned are controlled '' by the government by laws and regulations fines tariffs and other measures inherent due to the nation state .
and you wonder why anarcho-capitalists say anything less than full anarcho-capitalism is socialism ?
i think the nazi 's are authoritarian centrists when it comes to the economy
its socialism versus capitalism not socialism versus laissez-faire which is an extreme version of capitalism
by that taxonomy though would n't it be socialism vs laissez-faire ?
i mean if laissez-faire is an extreme version of capitalism then does it not make logical sense to say the debate is socialism vs laissez-faire with 'capitalism ' in the middle ?
it would be like me comparing nazi ideology on a spectrum of marxism versus capitalism
that 's actually a much fairer comparison than you realize as hitler and mussolini both saw fascism/national socialism as an alternative to both marxism which they understood to mean a soviet-style economy and laissez-faire capitalism .
being state run does n't mean they ca n't be capitalist .
earlier you defined you terms capitalism being the private ownership of the means of production in which case you literally can not be capitalist if your means of production/economy are state run .
just like you can be socialist and still capitalist ?
a no it is n't but b if state capitalism is a different kind of capitalism then why ca n't national socialism just be a different kind of socialism like i 've been arguing this entire time ?
otherwise you could n't consider any economy on earth capitalist '' at all
what if we took that idea and ran with it ?
and now i can play it on bigger screen with vita tv
i beat all the soulsborne games in a week some of them multiple times and with one shots on bosses that are notoriously difficult .
... or they 're just tired of seeing people on reddit mindlessly repeat movie quotes for no real reason .
computer type desktop xps 8700. recently updated to msi gtx 1660 ti and a evga 600w gold psu .
the screen freezes for a moment and then it completely shuts off without indication .
it does not happen all the time maybe 1 once every 2 days or so .
i initially thought it was my power supply so i replaced it with an 600w gold psu but still experiencing the problem .
the problem definitely occurs during gaming and the gpu is active .
i am using two fairly old hp monitors which require a dvi to dp and vga to hdmi adaptor .
i noticed that when using after burner software i tried to underclock below 1500mhz but it still shows frequent peaks up to 1500mhz in the montior .
troubleshooting i tried getting a new psu tried reconnecting and making sure the graphics card is properly hooked up updated motherboard firmware updated graphics firmware and also tried underclocking the gpu a bit .
currently using msi afterburner to monitor and log gpu statistics .
the abrupt restarts definitely occur during times with gpu activity but none of the metrics are particularly high .
tried doing a driver clean install with ddu did not solve the issue .
she posts a lot of evidence '' of him cheating .
starting 4 weeks after her birth with their kid .
she seems very scorned and very real but with everything you never truly know .
however your submission has been removed for the following reason
already submitted this article has been submitted to r/politics within the last three days
i 'm a bot and sometimes i make mistakes .
if you have any questions about this removal please feel free to message the moderators .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/politics subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/besselfunctions message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission .
yeah it 's not a churning question but the people here are better experts on the perks of cards than r/creditcards
speaking as a singaporean sars was a big deal .
it killed 44 people here and caused months of illness and public panic even to the point of impacting our economy .
i pretty much want both we know how protective he is of marinette as adrien but seeing him being protective as cat noir im down xd
i 'm exhausted and i 'm just sitting here .
instead of running away you come right to me ?
next up on this episode of is this a boy or girl ?
hes a fucking boy because every gay boy in gacha life must wear either edgy clothes or dresses
it 's nice sometimes but the constant heat and humidity gets old real fast
you probably already know this but everyone has bad days .
every single person in every single walk of life has the occasional bad day .
whether it 's your first gig in front of 100 people or your 100th gig in front of 1000 people this type of thing will always happen .
try to focus on what was good what you did right and the ways you navigated this obstacle .
some of the moments i 'm most proud of as a musician come from fuck ups like this .
breaking a bass string mid-song and transposing on the fly definitely did n't sound great but i 'm infinitely proud of the way i persevered .
two minutes can feel like two days when the music starts to get away from you .
realize that this experience contributed to your musicianship and stage presence so much more than if you 'd 'done everything right . '
it might take time to overcome the very real and concrete emotional trauma .
but after a few more gigs you 'll realize that this was a fantastic show must go on '' moment .
the ultimate you talked about some people are saying that its loba 's ability so that might not be possible .
other than that give a fellow solo player some tips man .
training practice routine or your personal gameplay go tos .
it probley is the same guy honestly because i 'm the video the concrete matches and his clothes match .
the reason he is on his back i probley cause i 'm the video you see him fall down but he does n't go down all the way and there 's definitely a chance that he would roll over on his back and belled out .
also i know i 'm in the picture it looks like his head is almost clean off but in the video you can see him cutting mainly the left side of his throat and that 's the angle the picture was take a at .
already lost to spal drew with roma and verona and parma are both in the top half of the table .
chance of a quick 4 in a row is pretty low .
i suggest you do n't buy it and play civ v instead
we are in the middle of a spoiler weekend event .
all posts except meme olympics https redd.it/eppggq submissions must contain a plot-relevant spoiler and be properly spoiler tagged .
please see the sidebar for spoiler tag formatting guidelines .
check out the announcement thread for more details https www.reddit.com/r/animemes/comments/eq8yt3/spoiler_weekend_2/feovrtt
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/animemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i love tossing a dynamite and watching the red blips disappear .
just add me then tell all about it next time
i remember when i first started therapy they had me do this and it was really nice after a while especially when i worked through my thoughts with my therapist later .
i think i 'll try and pick it up again .
i used to work in radio and i knew a few folks who were anxious wrecks off air but sounded smooth as on air .
it 's less being confident than knowing how to sound confident .
given that confidence man '' shortens to con man '' that 's how i see post-quest travis .
i 'll take the ha one if you still have them .
i just know of several pros that do claw including gluttony nairo esam and practically most top melee players .
they blew that at the end of the last debate .
idk what i would have done maybe try to sneak into a chat with her the importance of asking partners to get tested for stds at a clinic together .
make up a story about a fake patient who did n't know her partner had a disease .
i remember when the cubs had n't won a ws since the titanic and ottoman empire mister .
imo she felt deep down that he could have been the one .
lorelai would n't in front of rory even openly date anyone let alone go out with someone from rory 's life like a chilton dad .
that 's how much she wants to protect her daughter .
that is just an evidence how much impulsive lorelai likes max .
obft is needed to transition the network into the shelley era .
you find that special person who make you feel welcome .
i just found mine so if i can find them you can .
i am making a judgement based on an observation .
observation spends all day taking lots of pictures of themselves .
basic assumption must believe that they are important enough to do that .
being observant and a thinking human being does not make me bad .
now if i took 8 selfies a day and posted 4 images of every meal i eat to instagram or facebook ...
i could easily be judged and most likely correctly to be a self centered prick .
boners are also caused by the amount of pee you have stored '' .
if you go to bed without taking a piss you probably wo n't enjoy the night .
i wake up costantly when it happens because having boners is really uncomfortable .
or when i am cuddling with my gf it 's really akward when i have one because i really do n't know if she notices or not even if it 's not actually my fault .
to make it go away it really depends after i do my things '' it takes about 5 minutes to make it go away if i wake up with one same thing but if i have a random one during the day it can last up to 15 minutes .
imagine having a banana in your pants for 15 minutes .
i do n't think i have yet or at least ca n't remember .
you realize this is intended to appeal to indian boomers right .
go look at r/oldpeoplefacebook yeah that 's the crowd this is appealing to but indian .
asinine to think all indian content is like this you have no idea how good the film industry is there .
like saying america should change our entire education system because of logan paul .
i saw someone hack it to play a snowboarding game ...
i wish i could bury my face in that butt !
it does i 've been stuck with dr 's at planned parenthood who keep giving me too small of doses 'just to be safe ' and then never increase it trying to find a different endocrinologist outside of them .
i really am starting to get the feeling that this post is being brigaded by a troll farm .
graduated as obama was entering office and my school lunches were the lowest grade of shit you could possibly imagine k-12 .
you could go back and watch matches you were in with a free view '' camera
i do n't understand how anyone watches that movie and thinks yeah great message '' .
if you believe that this is what god allowed to happen to his only son fuck you .
they just kicked the enemy team out in the first phase .
maybe if everyone had one life it would make more sense .
it 's just something a s o y b o i would say
there 's still people time and work that has to go into things like this .
while i agree it would be nice for them to have a skin for this it does n't make them evil for not doing it .
well your still saved even though you 're in hell .
it 's not like life on earth is a time limit for grace .
i mean jesus descended to hell and saved all who were damned .
the water in harold frank is the worst on campus and you ca n't change my mind .
mmmm i love the way your lips pop out when you pull to the side
did this in mexico with a paloma and an oil drum .
we ask that people post questions with objective answers in the weekly questions thread http rpkmn.center/questions rather than submitting them as their own threads .
please head over to the questions thread and post this there !
it 's quite an active thread and people usually get a response there quickly .
fuck i 'm dead thought a snake was gon na jump out and eat the spider
there are those who do n't understsnd but i know your grief is genuine and profound .
when you press play does the head move up into position ?
i have a deck where the motor that turns the belt that turns the gears that engage the head keeps spinning cause the belt needs to be replaced .
also if the knocking starts when you power it up could be something interfering with the capstan flywheel .
it 's fine you made a post complaining about users exploiting regional prices then said games came back on .
you have to find a good center point first .
i have three donations to make to get me square .
mft would be fine but i 'm not opposed to other options too !
that makes him an independent life long politician not an outsider someone outside of politics .
also bernie votes with dems 94 of the time .
run in their senate and presidential primaries since last 20 years .
if technicality is all you need to buy a politicians rhetoric then you must also think that trump is both stable and a genius .
i 'm gon na go with the opposite of hell being newfoundland
for me i know you 're trying to get an alien look but i feel like it 's a bit too regular and irregular .
the angular gestures are putting me off a little .
i know you 've been making chirp for a long while but the script is kinda ...
please tell me what kind of writing system this is your reddit history is too large .
after every point press enter key or whatever key you use to put a new line twice .
if you put it only once it does n't recognize a new line .
took two tabs saw some squiggles shapes and colors watched the world contort around me like rings dancing outward from the the apex of driblets dropping in an ocean and then i went sort of paranoid for about an hour or so thus leaving my group of friends to bury my head in the floor to be in my own thoughts thinking they were all out to get me .
i 've never seen anyone except a doctor wear lab coats in a clinical setting .
additionally a white coat is probably the last thing i 'd want to wear in a clinical setting because of all the body fluids etc
i think you 're really over thinking this go without long sleeves underneath and assume that you 'll be moving around so much you probably wo n't be cold .
if you are seriously stressing about it bring a long sleeve shirt and if you 're freezing you can go put it on in the bathroom .
i work nights and often wear long sleeves a scrub jacket but some of my coworkers do n't wear either .
be 20 years younger physically but with all my knowledge and experience
i actually noticed that just yesterday tying itself was pretty smooth but handling the needle not so much .
it would make sense that yoda in his prime was one of the or the most powerful force user ever .
palpatine lost to him when he was close to death .
he flogged darth tyrannus so should almost no being aside from eu luke who would be quite the challenge be able to survive for more than a minute or two ?
termination of pregnancy in bulembu https preview.redd.it/o8fcgw5s5pb41.png ? width=839 format=png auto=webp v=enabled s=d38adfcdfc4e985555adf70730f9f7f9c624cb00
at hope woman 's clinic we have several different surgical techniques for early termination of pregnancy in bulembu abortion in the first three months several drugs can also be prescribed alone or in combination to terminate an early pregnancy .
this is called medical abortion abortion with pills and uses the hormones prostaglandins and or mifepristone an antiprogesterone often called ru486 and/or methotrexate .
the review of trials found that medical methods for abortion in early pregnancy can be safe and effective with the most evidence of effectiveness for a combination of mifepristone and misoprostol a prostaglandin but surgical abortion in bulembu is done at our premises .
for any questions contact hope women clinics at 27769939069 or 0833706521 https www.hopewomensclinic.co.za https www.hopewomensclinic.co.za
i recently started developing feelings for one of my fellow coworkers at an on-campus job at the college that we go to .
we recently matched on tinder however both of us kind of framed it as though we are friends to avoid any awkwardness of the situation but i want to actually date him .
there 's another girl that also works with us that 's a friend of mine that has always been possessive and aggressive of any man that i like that she also likes and she is trying to one up every single thing that i have especially when it comes to this guy .
she also matched with him on tinder and has been trying to talk to him all the time and trying to sweep him out from under my feet .
i think this guy really does like me in the way that he acts around me but i 'm scared .
my question in this scenario is how do i move out of the awkward we matched on tinder but playing it off as if it was just in a friendly way and that we know each other and make a move .
both him and i are at the same level in higher positions of power than the other girl is and we see eachother often .
i do n't want to make things awkward but i want to shoot my shot .
i 've had terrible luck in dating and men have treated me horribly .
this guy is super sweet and someone that i 've know for a couple of years that i can actually see treating me well .
in person together we laugh and joke around and always have a good time .
asus zenfone 5z after android 10 update fast charging stopped now phone takes forever to charge did anybody else face same issue ? if anybody know how to enable fast charging pls let me know .
let 's make a list of games similar to spore .
my phone keeps crashing i got 10 crashes in an hour lmao
got something fun you wanted to share but had nowhere to put it ?
for any of you fellow fragheads in hk by killian and mfk both opened up shop in ifc 's lane crawford right next to the byredo and frederic malle .
serge lutens is also setting up shop in ifc above atelier cologne under le labo .
i am currently living in europe but i will move to asia soon and i will open a bank account there .
is it possible to change the country and bank account in your adsense or would i have to close my current adsense account and re-apply for montization ?
what do you fall back on when the next idea '' is n't so obvious ?
is there a chord progression or transition that is dead reliable ?
a certain rule you make for yourself to game-ify '' that creates enough of a puzzle or constraint to move forward productively ?
hi my name is nicole and i 'm 18 years old .
4 months ago august i found a painless lump on my right armpit and until now its still here .
it got bigger and the all symptoms that i feel for the past 4 months got worst .
i did n't have a chance to go to the doctor again due to financial problem .
on the first week of october i feel a lump on my neck and it was a pea size and the lump on my armpit got bigger also .
i called the doctor and he said that i really need to get a lab tests to determine my condition and we need to prepare a large amount of money for all the medical tests and for the possible surgery .
the doctor said my case was rare and its a immediate medical care .
i do n't have health insurance and here in the philippines we do n't have foundation that will help you with your medical test bill .
we also talked to our government to ask for help but they said they ca n't help me due to the limited funds .
i really got no choice but to create this fundraising to have a money for my medical tests .
so one thing i 've never understood about the teep is that proper technique in muay thai dictates that you 're like bringing the hand down on the side of whatever leg you 're kicking for extra leverage/power or whatever but the problem is if your teep is n't perfect the guy is gon na overhand right you into fucking oblivion .
is the extra power not worth just keeping your hands up ?
this thread is for after you 've watched the episode .
for while you are watching reactions click here https www.reddit.com/r/90dayfiance/comments/eqxs3l/90_day_fiance_og_season_7_episode_11_live ? sort=new !
so this girl drove me to insanity 3 years ago i did a bunch of drugs to cope as well as xanax the night she broke up with me and it lead to me being arrested changing my life for the better she called me when i got out of jail just to tell me we would n't be able to fix things which fucked me up for 6 months .
ive taken time to heal and love my self and not fall stupidly in love like i did in the past .
me and my ex are now good and despite me telling her i do n't want a relationship she cuddles with me and does things that make me uncomfortable that i 'd consider relationshipyy she parties a lot and i got trust issues ive blocked her a couple times now and apologized but i 'm trying to distance her as i do n't want to get any feelings of attachment to her because i do not trust her but she comes over and talks to me and then we have sex and it 's like a cycle i ca n't stop it 's like she 's hoping i 'll get feelings for her one day but that is n't possible .
she 's really pretty but man these girls i was digging back in the day have put on so much weight i feel small as hell when i 'm fucking and i 'm really not into it but what would be the best way to even stop things from happening ?
i feel like this is a girl that is super nice from the outside but she has way to much pride is way to independent and spends so much time with her friends and i guess some people are like that but i feel that it 's fine for me to have preferences .
i smoke daily and she tends to drink every week with her friends .
and compares these substances as if they 're the same thing but like alcohol you can blame bring drunk on things and you 're not really as sober as you would be with weed .
i have over 2 years and so developed my own trading algorithm .
it does analysis the currencies prices and gives me signals bug/sell .
i have to admit that the signals are correct accuracy 90 .
well my problem is that i do n't trade without stop loss sl therefore most of the time those sl s hit more than take profits .
so i reach end of each month with minimum loss but ca n't make profit .
the stop loss hit not because that the price is moving completely opposite the direction of the signal .
it being hit by the tail of a candle most of the time or most of the times just me freaking out and close the trade when it goes 10 or 20 pips opposite .
i am indeed good in analysing and spotting the patterns .
but with bad entry wrong timing bad risk management and a full time job that has nothing to do with financial sector i feel it is hard to concentrate and develop myself as a trader .
so maybe the question now will be do i need a job with one of the hedge fund firms if so how can i convince them to hire me ?
or all i need is a course or maybe a mentor ?
you might be confused now of the purpose of the post but trust me i am confused myself and struggling to make the most out of what i have developed and all i am seeking is help or maybe some advices from professionals in the industry .
it 's a long weekend and i 've got no one to hang out with and all my friends have someone they can spend time with and sometimes i feel like i 'm not as important to them and if i wanted to i could just fade into the background and hang out alone forever i 've gotten way to good at isolating myself .
part of me wants to and another part of me really wants someone to want to hang out with my tonight .
anyways goodnight i hope you have a wonderful day and that you make great strides with whatever goal you wan na reach !
numbeo a global leader in comparing cost of living worldwide released its cost of living index 2020 .
according to numbeo the most expensive city at the beginning of 2020 is zurich in switzerland .
2-5 of the most expensive cities in numbeo 's list basel lausanne geneva bern .
new york in the united states is ranked 11th while san francisco 12th out of 440 cities in the world .
auckland ranked globally 53rd out of 440 cities is 3rd the most expensive city in oceania .
cities in africa are all in the bottom half of the list with the most expensive ranked city being pretoria in south africa on the spot no .
i 've been a medium time fan of etg and have played it a lot more recently with my bestfriend via remote play and have played a bit of cultist and i 'm in love .
he 's got the best splash screen his starter aint that bad and i love his ambitions to be the protagonist of the story instead of a wimpy side character .
what do you think his starting item/passive would be if he was playable in single player ?
passive fan of the hammer enamored by their favorite tv action hero whenever the cultist empties 3 magazines with perfect accuracy and reloads they get triple fire rate for the next three rooms maybe change it to six to fit the whole gundead cultist theme ?
the passive item is an autographed picture of the hammer probably sent to every adoring fan who called the number on the tv .
lock stock and marrow a primer hehe get it ?
on use every defeated non boss/miniboss enemy within a small aoe is revived as the lowest/first level variant of that enemy and they get more powerful with kills .
no limit on how many can be raised but they slowly loose health over time can not leave the floor they were summoned and are generally fragile for the first few kills .
backstory the cultist was a lucky winner of a contest to star in an episode of the hammer 's tv show but was relegated to being a bogus sidekick and it 's all anyone remembers them for .
when they found out there was a chance to turn back time and make things better the cultist decides to brave the horrors of the gungeon for the gun that can kill the past .
when the cultist goes back in time they arrive at a pivotal moment in the episode of the tv show where the hammer is fighting the big bad and wanting to become the true main character they backstab the hammer and procede to take his place fighting the big bad who assumes this was a last minute rewrite by the director .
the cultist realizes that even with their unassuming form and young age they 're still deserving of all the attention and recognition being the protagonist comes with .
looking to start a new game ideally as a single count but anything that 's hard enough to be a challenge to a more experienced player would be good .
current idea is count of gotland for the achievement .
would also be willing to hear out other start dates the harder the better so long as they absolutely have to be germanic at the start .
it makes me feel like such a horrible person i understand humans make mistakes and it 's normal but i feel soooo bad about it .
i try to always be a kind person but i ca n't see any good in me since i have made bad mistakes before .
the way i 'm talking it seems like i 've murdered someone 😂 i just wish i did n't feel so bad about making mistakes .
how do i accept myself cause all i see is a bad person ... even if i am kind and sweet i just want to make everyone happy
maybe ap did n't have my name stored in his phone and my messages looked like spamming ?
had a nakedish profile pic so maybe that too ?
eta whatsapp said this guess it does not accept google voice numbers so saddddd
it appears that you are using a non-valid phone number which is not supported on whatsapp .
non-valid phone numbers do not have a physical sim card such as voip landlines toll-free and paid premium numbers .
these numbers are not supported for use with whatsapp .
please use a valid number that has an active cellular service and is tied to an active sim card .
please note that we do not provide support for unofficial clients or for jailbroken/rooted including emulators and unsupported devices .
if you believe your number is a valid number we will need you to provide any proof of documentation with the date of your recent purchase and/or a copy of your phone bill/contract or picture of your sim card cartridge by replying to this email .
if you have any other questions or concerns please feel free to contact us .
this may not be the correct forum but i feel i have a few friends going through similar emotions at the moment and wanted to air this anonymously to get some advice from outsiders .
to give you back story i 've been with my partner for almost 4 years after being together only just on 9 months we found out we were pregnant .
both in a total position to have the baby obviously happy about the news and our situation .
it has n't always been smooth sailing like most relationships we 've had ups and downs general life pressures i want another child and to get married he 's not keen on either .
i think a lot of our problems is around how quickly our relationship started and how it was pretty much on fast forward ... sometimes i still feel like i do n't really know him .
after a child and 4 years our relationship needs work we both work he 's owns a business and i 'm working 3 days a week he 's stressed same old story comes home and i usually bare the brunt he 's not abusive in any way but verbally and emotionally manipulative at times .
this has put me more recently in a different situation ... at a wedding a few weeks ago my partner did n't come as he was away i sparked up a conversation from a man i had met many years ago and in no other words we hit it off .
he 's lovely intelligent and just generally my type .
and while this is a total foreign territory for me i have grown feelings for him .
we have n't seen eachother he does n't have a partner wife or children so our situations are very opposite .
he seems to be filling in a void that i 'm not currently getting through my current relationship .
i feel sad even writing this my precious boy is lying beside me fast asleep and i feel if anything happened to his dad and i that his heart would be broken .
do i just cut ties and contact with this other person and work on our relationship to get the spark back ... ?
i 'm a total emotional wreck at the moment and if anyone has been in a similar situation i 'd love to hear from you .
i 'm 99 finished my weird experiment and i 'm just here to post a link to a poll of which of these two actors would you rather have play edward nygma/the riddler henry fonda and anthony perkins .
i am looking for a phone that can last for atleast the next 3 or 4 years and i can not decide between poco or m30s .
m30s super amoled screen and 6000mah battery is tempting but poco 's chipset and ram is also great .
she is the mother of a 5 year old boy .
she has no child custody agreement whatsoever yet her son is with her full time .
she made a point of letting the father see her son frequently .
he would say he was coming one day but never show up .
this has gone on for a few years now .
she has decided to move in with her boyfriend who lives in minnesota .
her ex lives in wisconsin close to her old residence .
she gave him plenty of notice that she would be moving he did n't reject the idea until after she moved and lived in mn for 2 months .
she thinks it is time to create a custody arrangement full physical and legal custody .
she still wants him to have visitation so long as he actually shows up .
i have seen first hand how much she tried to work with him but he would rarely show up to pick up her son ignored requests to keep him in a smoke free house and a few other things .
the father lives with his parents and his son does n't have his own room while with him .
i wo n't go into further details but safety is a concern .
she is hoping to get full custody while allowing him supervised visits at specific times of the week and an agreement that the receiving parent pick up the child .
since she has now taken up residence in minnesota and he still lives in wisconsin with his parents 27 years old btw what is her best course of action to make things official ?
she has changed her billing address she is updating her state issued .
let 's say i invest 1,000 into an account today then i invest 1,000 per month for 24 months .
at a return rate of 8 i will have 27,028.88 .
if i wanted to withdraw 20,000 at that point and keep the rest in the account i need to pay taxes on the interest only correct ?
also at what rate do i pay the capital gain tax ?
also if i put this money into a high-yield savings account 1.7 i would less money over that time period than i would have if i invested .
i 'm depressed and suicidal and i finally mustered the courage to do it .
just for fun i 'll wait a bit and see your responses .
i 've noticed a growing popularity of job adverts saying junior employee wanted '' that 's fancy for we 're cheap and would rather a teenager . ''
an adult with experience and qualifications should get looked at first and the employer should be willing to pay the rate for an adult .
adults have more responsibilities than teenagers and require proper income .
did a few donuts around a light pole in an empty parking lot one morning oblivious to the squad car that was parked in the adjacent lot .
he flicked his lights and i took off i was completely sober and had never gotten into any trouble in my life aside from a few speeding tickets .
the chase pursued and i ended up losing him .
well a good samaritan reported an erratic driver me and i was caught and facing felony evading/fleeing .
i was a complete mess and one of my buddies at the time introduced me to oxycontin .
this helped me cope with the stress that was caused by my stupidity .
this is where it all started the beginning of my demise .
i started to use and it quickly progressed using 350mg a day after a few months .
fast forward 3.5 years after hitting rock bottom burning relationships digging deeper into debt than i could have ever imagined losing all self respect i went to rehab and started suboxone treatment .
the most difficult heartbreaking draining and tortuous experience in my life was going through and getting off of this .
i never thought i would get this far but it 's possible .
essay what should a state of the future look like ?
states are always bound to external conditions that make their existence in a certain form possible in the first place .
so in order to imagine a state of the future one must first imagine what these conditions will look like in the future .
in the future one big factor will be decisive sustainability .
the term presupposes development with a view to the future so it will not happen at the expense of that future .
examples of unsustainable development are the use of fossil fuels for energy production the consumption of irreplaceable resources of the earth and the progressive destruction of the ecosystem of our planet which makes our life possible in the first place .
all this is happening today as fast as never before and with an ever-increasing speed .
the social and economic mentality that exists today which is often described as that of a consumer society is anything but sustainable and is thus abolishing itself .
the price of sustainable development or at least long-term development since sustainability as such can not exist is above all the renunciation of immediate profit .
it can be found in very many human behaviours it is expressed in saving money in the desire for higher education or qualifications and also in the desire to have children .
in the medium term all these things mean investing resources for long-term profit whether in the form of a well-paid job or a happy family .
this principle of renunciation seems obvious on a personal level .
but on a social level it is no longer individual psychology that plays a role but a kind of mass psychology especially in democratic systems .
this manifests itself in the blurring of the boundaries of one 's own responsibility and all too often in the forgetting of this principle .
however since humanity has already reached such a scale and is able to influence its environment as never before so far only in a negative way one has no choice but to take on this responsibility .
notwithstanding such social movements now emerging to protect nature which in the broadest sense means protecting mankind the crucial facts are that the emission of greenhouse gases is still increasing year after year as is the consumption of limited earth 's resources while the burden on the environment is becoming extreme and growing .
no doubt very serious measures are needed to stop this after all it has all been neglected over many decades .
and yet thanks in part to modern media society any meaningful measures degenerate into little more than media-effective campaigns .
this happens because real measures are not compatible with the existing social model and inevitably have to be unpopular .
consumer-oriented wishful thinking is electable but the problem can not be solved in this way .
humanity thus comes up against limits that can be very objectively measured and are not up for negotiation either it acts or it disappears .
and so every state of the future if it exists must also recognize these limits and develop accordingly .
but only if a majority of the people become aware of the extent of the dangers and are prepared to accept economic and political renunciation .
but what then appears as a possible reduction of personal freedom is in reality only its return to a meaningful framework where the freedom of the other person begins .
no consumer today can live within this framework because his actions are increasingly polluting the environment at the expense of the whole society .
so it is not only necessary to voluntarily turn away from a harmful way of life such a way of life must not be allowed in the first place .
just as it is not allowed to commit murder .
however based on my experience and my own observations i believe that our society in its present form will not be able to collectively impose such a self-restriction .
who would advocate halving their own income or would like to not be allowed to fly ?
one 's own short-term interest triumphs almost always especially in our consumer-oriented society .
for this reason my idea of a future state is also completely different from today 's reality .
in this concept important decisions are made exclusively by persons qualified in the respective field who embody the legislative and optionally also the executive branches in the sense of the current separation of powers .
these so-called technocrats derive their legitimacy not from public approval but from the rationality of their decisions .
it is impossible to prevent the radical confrontation with environmental issues and qualified people are by far the best at dealing with them .
a possible concept of such a future state which comes to my mind relatively spontaneously is based on such a system of government all relevant sectors of energy resources education economy the state budget and research are subject to extensive councils of qualified scientists academics psychologists sociologists etc .
these councils are not exposed to such irrational complications as the election campaign democratic populism government formation problems etc .
meanwhile democracy continues to function at the level of local self-government at the level of culture microeconomics and possibly also at the level of the media .
a technocratic government must have an optimal degree of decentralisation and protective mechanisms to prevent the formation of unforeseen centres of power i.e .
in this state human rights are of course fully recognised and reason and humanity are characteristic features of that state .
however individual freedoms in this state are restricted in that they must not undermine the very basis of society 's existence in any way just like in our society .
in concrete terms this means for example a rapid ban on fossil fuels and numerous bans on the inefficient use of the existing resources of the state itself and the world insofar as it is not a world state .
a person can freely develop his or her personality in this state but the state creates certain guidelines and makes recommendations to the individual for example for certain professions of benefit to the public .
to participate in the technocratic government however one must be highly qualified just as for a pilot career one must also have a pilot 's license and the extensive flying experience that goes with it .
determining the future of a society is much more difficult than that .
as long as mankind had seemingly infinite resources and energy sources at its disposal it did not seem relevant how to deal with them .
in politics therefore the outdated misconception persists that reality is somehow subject to political convictions and can be freely chosen .
a state of the future must accept the conditions of reality and not put them up for discussion .
it may perhaps appear that such a state would have less legitimacy from today 's perspective .
but in this case one can already ask the counter question what legitimacy can the current system have when it threatens to end the very existence of humanity ?
i believe that it can have none at all .
welcome to the annual virtue auction miss vanderbilt the host greeted me as i entered the auction house .
here is your paddle and you may take a seat anywhere you 'd like .
i thanked the kind man as i accepted my bidder 's paddle and made my way over to where the lots would be on display to see if there was anything i might want .
this auction was different than all the others i 'd been to in that the lots being auctioned off were actually people young women to be more specific .
the virtue auction was a yearly tradition in my city going on probably fifty years now where the rich and famous from around the world came to bid on the virginities of exceptionally beautiful young women .
these women were all volunteers of course most of whom saved themselves specifically for this auction in hopes that they might earn themselves a large sum of money .
they were always very desirable women so nobody left empty handed some even being bought for over a million dollars .
i was one of the few women that came this auction as a buyer .
most of the attendants were usually creepy old men which always made me cringe a bit considering the girls were always under the age of 25 but older than 18 of course .
there were a handful of younger more handsome men that all the girls being bid on hoped would choose them but most were still older than me even .
the only other women besides those being bid on were either the wives of some of the older men or divorcées in there fifties .
as an unmarried woman of 35 i certainly stood out from everyone else .
too old to look like one of the lots to be bid on yet too young to look like a buyer .
i remember the first time i came five years ago i 'd confused quite a few men when they realized i was bidding and not being bid on .
it was quite a compliment though that they considered me pretty enough to be grouped among those women despite my age .
i strolled through the room where the girls were all on display looking for ones i wanted to bid on .
there were thirty standing around the outside of the room behind signs displaying pertinent info about them their name age height weight bust and waist measurements ethnicity natural hair color and sexual orientation .
i never understood why they showed the girls ' orientations .
it 's not like it mattered to any of the auction goers .
if anything it seemed like the men were more likely to bid higher on the lesbian girls whereas i had to admit that i was willing to pay more for a straight girl .
i paused at a few of the women on display looking them up and down and reading their signs .
they were all clothed in skimpy sexy dresses this year instead of being naked like they 'd been in the past which was kind of a shame but at least the dresses still showed their figures quite well .
too many of the sleazy old men could n't keep their hands to themselves last year so they ruined it for the rest of us .
no matter sometimes it 's better if the best parts are left to the imagination .
as i browsed i saw a handful of girls that i liked but a petite raven haired girl named sophia caught my eye .
she was short fit small chested but not flat and her pale white skin was the perfect contrast to her long jet black hair .
she was one of the youngest at eighteen and the icing on the cake was that she was straight too .
she would be perfect so long as i could bid high enough to win her .
the bidding will commence in five minutes the auctioneer announced from the next room over .
i took one last glance at sophia before making my way over to the seats taking a chair in the back behind all the hungry drooling men .
as i got comfortable a brunette woman was escorted up onto the stage next to the auctioneer 's podium .
we will go in descending order by age starting with the oldest lot twelve eliza the auctioneer said .
she 's twenty-three years of age stands five feet six inches tall weighs one hundred twenty-five pounds .
she is of caucasian descent with natural brown hair and heterosexual .
if you 've read any of my other prompts before you might find that this is a little similar to my billionaire 's toy prompt in that i 'll be playing the part of a very wealthy 30-something lesbian woman who wants to buy another woman for sex .
in this however your character can either be straight bi or lesbian although i 'm a huge fan of forced lesbianism so i would love it if you play a straight character .
in addition your character would be a virgin voluntarily selling her virginity in hopes of getting a huge amount of money .
this means that your character will be going into this very naively and will have no idea that miss vanderbilt is a domme and expects complete obedience from whomever she purchases .
she is a gentle domme though so she 's caring and loving and only humiliates or causes pain if she has to .
you do n't have to play as the character of sophia that i mentioned in the main part of the prompt although she would be the ideal girl miss vanderbilt would like to bid on .
you also do n't have to play as any of the other women i listed .
i honestly just came up with them to give some variety .
please feel free to create your own character and give her her own description and backstory .
i tend to be a long-winded writer if you could n't tell by the length of this and would love it if my partner is as long-winded and detail oriented as me .
i understand some circumstances may call for short responses but if you consistently write less than 5 sentences each time you will not keep my interest .
you should at least be willing to put in a few paragraphs worth of effort .
because of my lengthy wordiness and the fact that my schedule sometimes prevents me from writing some days i only do long-term rp arrangements .
so if i 've still managed to keep your interest after all this then please send me a pm .
i do not do chat or discord or any other platform .
does anyone know what a code 77 in ikea is ?
they just announced code 77 in carts '' over the pa not sure what it means .
edit cors-anywhere was removed in favor of netlify serverless functions
hey folks i just finished up a fun little iteration to my obnoxiously pink website https smolgumball.netlify.com .
i was able to add a recently played '' section using this steam api endpoint https developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/steam_web_api getrecentlyplayedgames_.28v0001.29 and netlify serverless functions .
source code is here https github.com/smolgumball/webby-site/blob/master/components/recent-steam.vue in vue.js nuxt for anyone who is curious .
i end up thinking of bits of character ideas in the down time between our twice-monthly sessions and i know i 'll never get to work out all the fun ideas i 've got .
i 'm sure there are others here who have come up with some really entertaining character ideas and i 'd love to hear them !
you 've no doubt heard there 's always next year '' .
but what does a fan base tell itself when next year promises more of the same and the same is good for nothing but frustration and disappointment ?
he refuses to change a god damn thing and as a result we 're going to be seeing the same problems next year that we saw all too often this year .
we 're stuck we ca n't win if bill o'brien wo n't change and he 's incapable of changing because his fucking ego wo n't let him .
and that has the phrase there 's always next year '' ringing hallow in my ears .
i think i 've narrowed down my mattress search to a nest alexander signature hybrid .
i weigh around 170 lbs and my wife weighs around 115 lbs .
she is a side sleeper and i am combination side/stomach sleeper .
i 'm trying to decide between the medium or plush but am leaning towards the medium .
currently the king signature hybrid is listed at 1,399 1,599 200 savings .
i was wondering if this a good deal or just the normal price .
i am building my first ukulele and finished dyeing the paint .
now i need to clear coat it and hence my question
what clear coat should i use for the mek based stain solvent that i used ?
i understand there are compatibility between the chemicals one has to consider .
let me know if you need more info i 'm an amateur first time doing this .
so it 's been two years now that i build my first pc and now i 'm looking to upgrade it specifically the cpu and mobo .
some games that i want to play at decent-ish settings are monster hunter world '' and nier automata '' .
so mid to maybe high settings on 60 fps until i can upgrade the gpu .
i 'm taking driving lessons this year so i 'll start with upgrading the cpu for now since i heard that mhw was more cpu intensive .
my budget is like mobo €150 for the cpu and i 'm not sure which gen ryzen to get with which mobo or whether i need a xxxxg cpu or not .
i 've been playing a lot of the new call of duty lately and put down rocket league .
so i decided i 'll play some rocket league .
anyway i was solo queueing and the first game i join i start talking to this guy and find out that he lives down the street from me .
not only that but his girlfriend works where i work .
looking for a home for a lower level alt .
dagøbah is the senate alliance 's beginner guild focused on having fun and developing skillsets and rosters .
with the distinct advantage of being closely tied to the senate 's network of guilds and being home to many alt .
accounts of members of other senate guilds dagøbah provides unparalleled growth and learning potential as your account and skillset grows .
you wo n't find a better starter guild anywhere else !
hit up the senate 's discord and tell them you are looking for dagøbah !
i play xerath both mid and support and i have some standard build paths i use but i 'd love to hear what others are having success with so far during s10 .
not a broncos fan but i 've always wondered this .
do you guys do it on every incomplete pass regardless ?
he 's got an ... aesthetic to say the least .
he does n't have any augments but he 's definitely got a ‘cowboy ' aesthetic .
uh ... you 'll know him when you see him.
afaik it is a class that you can take online whenever .
i know that i am taking it that way this summer !
miracle and ana are the only carries where im 100 confident they 'll win the game if theyre top of the networth .
nobody does more with an advantage than those 2 .
i ca n't tell if one of the trucks on the shoulder is or is n't a service truck with lights .
move over/slow down laws https drivinglaws.aaa.com/tag/move-over-law are different in every state but have largely been expanded to include any vehicle with flashing lights .
running down snake way chasing a monkey in 10x gravity lying in a hospital bed doing pushups in 100x gravity learning instant transmission suffering a fatal heart disease and then being dead for like 7 years really wouldnt amount to a ton of gameplay
i hate the low effort asking other people to research for you .
also askmen is more for asking men questions about male related stuff .
most of it is just dudes asking other dudes if their penis behaves/smells/looks like xyz too .
'' is anyone else 's shaped like a pretzel ?
you linked an article that had nothing to do with my point about swallowing their competition .
a suit that you were once for 500 is not good value .
a computer that you use 3-5 hours per day using for 3000 is good value .
also make sure the item you buy is refundable sometimes your desire of something comes from the idea of having it and once you have it you do n't want it anymore .
for example i shopped for a vr system for months pull the trigger when it was discounted realised i do n't like it and returned it 2 weeks later .
lots of people have explained it already better than i probably could but my input is this each measure has 6 8th notes but the stress or beat is on 1 and 4 with 2 3 5 and 6 being unstressed syllables subdividing .
if you 're marching to music in 6/8 you 'll most likely be marching to the stressed beats 1 and 4
i 'm only in chapter 3 of sc and you 're right i 'm absolutely loving it .
was n't sure about choosing hard difficulty at first but i 'm glad i did .
the challenge is giving me a tangible feeling for all the characters ' strength .
i ca n't find where it is on the page by any chance would you know ?
i might be completely off here but this mechanism sounds very similar to another neuron pattern .
sensory neurons are often connected in a way to exhibit lateral inhibition neurons triggered by similar sensory input inhibit each other .
e. g. neighboring neurons in the retina or auditory neurons triggered by very close frequencies .
this has a sharpening '' effect on the input close frequencies can be told apart easier and in the case of visual input it replicates quite precisely the sharpening filter of photoediting software .
the principle of lateral inhibition applies to any sort of continuum space the sound spectrum and also time which is what the neuronal refractory period could implement successive signals that overlap maybe for physical reasons get separated with a clear pause between them rather than just a slight dip .
can anyone here confirm or disprove this speculative answer ?
need to kill the two champions at the start left and right quickly or one disappears .
but yea i 'm glad he 's finally made it
also how do i get my breed for my user flair lol
waiting on 5s seems to be the consensus will do .
in orlando a lot of the bathrooms in the bars have graffiti that talks about how men ai n't shit positive messages and some slut-shaming .
maybe not this year though i do n't believe in okc phoenix or memphis and the spurs are going the wrong direction i just meant their core as constructed tops out as 2nd round exits unless they make a move .
i have both and that 's the one i have out faaar more often .
astrix on mushroom is probably my favorite but bliss on mushrooms comes close both are 10/10 imo .
nerds on mushrooms is great but the dubstep parts have 2012-13 dubstep sound design which feels pretty off nowadays .
savant on mushrooms is more fun than nerds on mushrooms it has interesting sounds and rhythms and good vocals but it still has the problems of a 2012-13 dubstep song .
leicester had their turn when everybody shit the bed now it 's our turn
if i understand your question right you should be able to kill active streams on the root dashboard screen under active devices .
well you should n't base any presidency on your personal problems ... . trump 's own merits will tell you he 's a pos .
you do n't get called a crackhead for 10 years without there being some truth to at the end of it all .
trumps been called everything in the book for the last 40 years as far as lying and cheating .
something 's got to be true about it you just do n't go getting impeached for nothing as well as pending indictments to worry about .
shaq mentioned robinson as well who was like also like that .
what if i like mix it up a bit so when an item does n't scan say something like so when it does n't scan that means it 's fre ... aking time to do a price check right ?
suggestion the reverb off the walls is really ruining your sound a lot of the dialogue is unnecessarily hard to follow .
you might want to try a different mic and putting some moving blankets where they 'll kill sound reflections .
i agree leading up to s8 all anyone could do was talk about got and tell others to watch it .
now.. bring it up with any got fan and we will shit on the last season .
it was so bad it 's not worth getting in to for that much of a dissapointment .
bring up more in depth reasons like how they left 90 of the characters story arcs unfilled or contrary to the rest of the series and it 's even more dissapointing .
the only positive thing to come out of got is that it 's pushing the fantasy genre ahead and more mainstream .
once i stopped myself from telling a dirty joke because my nephew was there .
the same nephew that was married with a new baby .
its really funny because a press in europe is not more than 10€ .
in the us i always paid 20-25 for a press im interested to know why there is such a price different btw .
i could n't tell if he is honest but as said 25 is what you usually pay for a press in the us .
i 'm still fairly new to hunting got started when i moved to alaska about 4 years ago .
i honestly never thought i would be able to get that close to a sheep much less any animal .
i got lucky with the wind and somehow stayed quiet enough not to spook him and his buddy while climbing a shale face to get across to them .
i actually drew my revolver when i saw how close i had gotten though i thought better of it and used the rifle did n't want to explain how i missed the animal of a lifetime because i got cocky haha !
this was the first thing i bought when i purchased my house .
i think the dentist hit a nerve or something because there is no fucking way any novacaine shot should hurt that fucking bad .
cowboy has like 40 fights rarely if ever pulls out of fights and they 've both got a huge fan base .
my greatest karma comments are the stupidest most inane things .
it 's total luck as far as i 'm concerned .
i knew trotting was the part that requires some leg muscle but it still seems like a very small muscle specific type of exercise .
edit to add by small muscle specific '' i meant it did n't seem like a full body workout .
as has been pointed out it requires leg and core muscles to be done well .
i still think the horse might be getting more exercise cardio and weight lifting !
i am highly allergic to sunscreen mostly chemical and after my cat severely messed up my face i got a huge scar down my nose my doctor suggested a good spf .
you know how it is that we live in canada it 's hard to physically get products here but dr dray raves about this product all the time elta md sunscreen https www.amazon.ca/eltamd-daily-spf-48-gram-1-7-ounce/dp/b00464ec1e/ref=mp_s_a_1_1 ? hvadid=74560720624774 hvbmt=be hvdev=m hvqmt=e keywords=ulta+md+sunscreen qid=1579448813 sr=8-1 .
i really wanted to try it out but i could n't find it so i went with something else but now that i know ulta might be moving in fingers crossed !
real men of culture know there are more then just one culture
phil neikro gaylord perry and don sutton were all suspended for doctoring balls and all are in the hall of fame .
i do n't know if i am an alcoholic .
i never did have dts when i quit i quit twice by the way .
but i was hiding my drinking from my wife or so i believed .
one night as i was getting ready to go to bed i stumbled and fell .
i blamed it on the cat but i knew i was lying .
that is n't the only reason i quit but it is a reason .
no more blaming my stumbling on the cat unless it really is the cat .
i 'm all for statehood but it 's government is being run like a caribbean country bad thing so let 's make sure it 's local government is up to standard with the rest of the usa and then reward them with statehood
they had the biggest got-damn pork chop i 've ever seen .
take their character sheet and compare to the dm workshop section of the dungeon master 's guide if you have access to one .
if not i 'd suggest you gain access to one asap .
you 'll need it and even if you do n't end up needing it you 'll use it if you had it .
i watched the first 2.5 seasons back in 2015 but for some reason did n't follow up .
i started from scratch and i 'm now almost midway through season 2 .
what can i say brilliant acting a plot with great depth great dialogue and the character development is insane .
i also have a lot of love for the soundtrack .
oh on a sidenote i 'm loving nancy marchand 's character .
oh i wish the lord would take me . ''
physics never existed otherwise everyone would be down side up and poisoned to death
looks kind of dumpy but the food is awesome like 26 different burgers or something and the noni ale is only 2 if you want to get drunk cheaply .
i get a lot of opportunities but also a lot of responsibilities i 'm not ready for .
courtesy of u/aughhhhh you can start the math on page 12 https papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm ? abstract\_id=3240046 https papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm ? abstract_id=3240046
and you now have a loan to pay back into your rrsp and those paybacks to your rrsp do n't reduce your taxable income .
in short contributing to your rrsp for a hbp in the short term and at a lower/unbenefical income for rrsps does n't give you any benefit .
i had mine back within a month of birth which i thought was early !
i have n't noticed a significant change in milk production during my periods .
i know that 's not super helpful for you just my experience .
remember you do n't actually need a very fancy interior just to start .
a sleeping setup a jug of water a cheap way to handle going to the bathroom once in awhile day to day it 's way easier to use outside bathrooms and showers a cooler to keep a few snacks and you can live like that for quite a while since you probably have most meals shower and bathroom either covered or you can get a cheap gym membership .
just getting a setup like that would be a swing of what at least 650 a month ?
suck it up for a few months and spend the savings on improvements as you decide you need them .
for bedding at worst you could get by for a while with a couple of camping mats and a sleeping bag right on the floor .
i saw a pretty easy cheap set up on one of the cheaprvliving videos where a lady used 4 of the cheap walmart three-door cabinets as the corners put a sheet of plywood on top and put a mattress on top of that .
pretty decent setup for like 200 out of pocket and 10 minutes to set it up ... .
to go back in time 9 years with all of my memories intact
they should not draw or lose a game in that league .
when i was younger i was in the middle of a conversation and started breathing bubbles out with every word .
it only lasted a few seconds and apparently nobody else saw them but i have distinct memory of it
wishing i could look into them while sliding my hard cock into your amazing looking pussy .
https youtu.be/kl5ddsglm_s it was also one of the earliest things that we would later call memes .
same with the all your base are belong to us thing https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=8fvtxv46ano
i dated a girl in college who could seemingly go through a similar amount of blow in a weekend ... she was always the life of the party .
he was unfair this game really made up for nwora 's uncharacteristic play .
neither of them are bad on their own but what the fuck ...
pretty much zero percent of people ever hear anything .
when most people say they heard god '' what they men is they had a thought and are attributing it to god .
they mean well but are subject to a mix of confusion and bs .
think about everything jesus taught did he ever try to teach us anything about this or tell us it should happen ?
someone reported it multiple times how is this comment still up ?
in a similar vein is there anything that would preclude say c or rust from targetting the jvm ?
because you 're a fucking moron and if you do n't like it block me helmet head .
i can see where you 're coming from but the problem there is what and how things are produced is very important to a buisness and should be decided by people who are trained in that side of buisness know the market and that sort of shit .
not only that but jobs often disliked but necessary like hr reps would be completely fucked over
it will soon then we will be stuck with the same dicks screwing over generation after generation
also how low is uiuc 's cs acceptance rate ?
like 10-20 cuz its overall is like greater than 50 lol
might be local bias but that album opened the doors for me .
however if you put it against frail words collapse then we would have a rock fight on our hands .
i dont visit any other relatives so idk shit about those and i dont know about any of the illnesses they had their entire lives just of the few days i was visiting them if that 's a medical history then lmao im fucked .
my money situation wish i would have saved more in my you get years .
i 'm not broke i 'm just not comfortable .
was it much of a fuck around sorting that out ?
aber nur wenn man denkt dass die aufgabe des marktes ist alle vorstellbaren probleme auf magische art und weise einfach verschwinden zu lassen .
was halt einfach nicht die aufgabe des marktes ist .
so ... tl dr speed meta even more enhanced ?
i honestly do n't think nerfing runes is the best solution but it definitely hits hard the proc reliant comps/units .
for the players who can not outspeed cleaves procs were what could turn the game in their favor .
now hmm ... ca n't wait to see the outcome of this nerf
i do n't even heat my bedroom cause.. poor .
he 's one of the most important people in my life .
i want rodgers to get that second ring but i would love to see reid get one finally .
i also love the story of the titans this year so i could n't hate on that .
some niners fans are way into smelling their own shit right now so i do n't care for that scenario .
75 chance that i am satisfied with the outcome this year .
it 's quite scary to me that in 30 years time i will still be doing the same job i 've had many discussions with my husband and i 've always said that if i am not fit enough or able to safely perform my job any more i will leave and find something else .
i ca n't express how much i admire volunteer firefighters it 's truly amazing what those men and women do out of pure dedication it 's incredible x
hell i 'd share my bud for another plate of pizza rolls .
i 've gotten three boxes and no damage just to balance out the bad stories .
if i ever had to give up my cat i would be incredibly depressed .
i like daily photos of him sent to me by the cat sitter even when i 'm not away for that long on a trip .
this will be my first day back after a month break for surgery .
i know this will kick my butt but power days are my favorites and i can not wait !
hope you have a fun time and manage the anxiety !
true that he would probably bring in some nice picks actually .
i remember the first game i saw him in .
he was skating for his life that first time .
no i understand it 's just best to have a serious discussion with his wife before he just drops a kitten in her lap .
we are sorry but your submission is being removed because does not relate to bernie sanders or his campaign for president .
all submissions should relate directly to bernie sanders or his campaign in some way .
when you 're feeling chilly on the couch but the only thing you have is one of those little throw blankets .
ah ok so it really depends then on the devs then .
as dte is going wil other stats get a bigger boost .
maybe if the us still had experts in particular fields and if trimp had consulted them he would n't have fuked up so stupidly once again .
the tie is supposed to look like bluto ... ''
elem-onmyo-tao will have too many skills that have long cast times .
pyro has instant cast skills and is a great compliment to elem which has buffs to boost fire damage and other elemental damage as well .
prominence arts and fire wall arts are extremely good .
pyro 's skills hit multiple times and also offer some cc which makes the class really versatile .
personally i prefer onmyo for added cc and yin/yang harmony .
only thing im not a fan of is its skills have long cast times .
while creeping death was nerfed tao still has a lot of skills in its kit like eradication and storm calling to also make it worth .
duke losing is all i 've got left this season .
this implies that they 're traveling faster than you are in which case their placement in front of you is not an issue .
also psa keep your foot off the brakes on the freeway unless you absolutely must brake .
this just shows how shallow your pov is take some history courses or pick up some books .
mitigate food waste in the supply chain i 'm looking at you meat processing and distribution industries
the waste that 's left is sold to make cosmetics medicine all sorts of things .
stop typing to show how little you actually know .
it 's better to let people think you a fool than to type some stupid shit and prove them right .
you mean the turks that invaded cyprus and are still illegally occupying part of the country ?
wow i hope to fall in love in a setting like this one day
you can sort of sometimes tell if it 's an indica/sativa or haze/kush based on some traits like you mentioned but there 's also so many strains of weed that we could try to guess all day and still miss it .
i like that someone else suggested strains so i 'll do the same .
i have anxiety so any sativas i listed are strains that help with that without making me feel paranoid .
because i own something that drains my wallet after every commute
saya harapnya sih sebenarnya bakal afa yang nanya2 soal tips and trick masuk akpol atau mungkin jurusan yang tepat sipss kali atau mungkin minat di per-intel-an indonesia .
again we are not talking about the same thing .
when i say grid storage i 'm talking about days worth of storage which is needed for a grid 100 powered by wind and solar .
current storage is too expensive for that and probably always will be more expensive than just building nuclear reactors .
that 's how my daughter and i moved out .
he was staying with a friend and kept trying to find excuses to come back in the house .
the day the movers took my furniture he wanted us to have lunch and he insisted he wanted to bring it to the house so we could relax. i made him meet me at a restaurant instead .
i confronted him about the 3-yr affair caught him completely by surprise and the icing on the cake was knowing when he stopped by the house we were gone including the 2 dogs and the only thing left was his stuff .
i only wish i could have seen his face when he realized .
this works better when you have something w 0 cd like wd 's heal .
you just spam it and you never run out of mana .
i think at a weight of 275 pounds it 's very possible that even walking for over an hour at incline creates enough joint strain to benefit from a day off .
and even if it 's not physically necessary mental breaks are important not to burn out .
and even if not that progressing at 85 pace compared to 100 pace is n't the end of the world .
there 's no harm in trying it out and testing whether it has a positive impact on well being or sticking to other changes .
so tommy lives it looks like he could n't kill tasha and its pretty much confirmed that tasha or riq killed ghost and for all you doubters this basically confirms 👻 death .
steel is my favorite bot in counter strike condition zero .
when i was a kid i liked to wander off in stores .
one time i wandered off in a target so badly i could n't immediately find my mom .
i remember walking up to an employee to ask for help finding my mom and she was so nice and patient as she helped me find my mom .
it was n't anything major or tragic but it 's something that 's always stuck with me .
so like what are they going to do ask again ?
it 's not a film with heavy emphasis on formalistic realism i 'd strongly recommend watching it if you have time .
the cgi is n't mind blowing but i do n't really enjoy movies dominated by special effects and the visual spectacle anyway .
unions in britain were subject to often severe repression until the 19th century https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_trade_unions_in_the_united_kingdom 18th e2 80 9319th_centuries
slavery existed since ancient times and was abolished soon after the advent of capitalism .
i think a limp/jerky hesitate step would look good !
like it almost looks like he has one in the very beginning of the clip .
correct me if i 'm wrong but i 'm pretty sure panthers are the best cat team by a good margin
the mon el and daxum inclusion tanked the season for me .
why are computers on gddr4 and graphics cards are on gddr1000 6 i know '' .
i helicopter dick and pee at the same time at parties
do you now if this also works on bees and wolves ?
69c for 30 minutes is enough for the proteins in your ingredients to denature .
75c your dairy and eggs can begin to take on a 'cooked ' or 'eggy ' flavor .
cooking for that long also causes a lot of water to evaporate from your mix ... which may or may not be a bad thing but something to consider if you 're trying to nail down a very specific mix ratio .
no youtube has no control over what gets recommended to its users or anything like that .
it 's likely that out of random chance via the algorithm or via actual user interest with people clicking on the videos they are being recommended more often .
like you 'd expect with any other type of content .
iirc mitrovic could be someone else scored against us but it was judged to be offside .
alisson took the free kick quickly which led to the suckerpunch
i do the intersection between philosophy and cognitive science .
specifically how we can model cognition like decision making and what those models require us to believe about the mind what are the required representations concepts mental states etc .
i 'll be sure to keep my tortoise out of your property
and the one in outbreak is actually just a small vent that only rita phillips was able to crawl through .
marvin witnessed that secret entrance open yet somehow by remake 2 he is unaware of it or at the very least skeptical of it .
remake 2 essentially retconned outbreak with that but outbreak is canon because it shows the fall of the police station and how marvin got infected .
honestly remake 2 just ruins a ton of continuity tbh
search 'em on torrent sites and copy their magnet links and paste them in your torrent client or find them on a ddl site .
the hospital that i delivered my son had a locked door to the birthing center .
you had to pick up the phone to tell them who you were there to see and if they we 're accepting visitors they 'd let them in if not they would n't open the door .
there 's a clear correlation between people who believe/deny and party lines .
yo for real though this might top out right here .
i like more popular music from the 80 's they have a nice vibe to them .
but for obscure music definitely the more recent 2010 's .
i think my genre '' is mostly made up from this last i meant decade and probably will live on in the 2020 's too .
fuck you had a lifetime of dreams flashing in front of me in the first half .
we could have been the greatest tandem this town has ever seen making the biggest hits .
i 'll just have to keep my ear to the tracks and keep listening to the whispers and early chatter in the industry .
use it as a lesson to better yourself and move on with your life .
i 'm not going to lie it 'll be hard but staying caught up in negative spirals wo n't help and will end up making you feel worse .
try aa or a therapist and work on fixing yourself .
i 'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos !
wait if australia is upside down what 'd sideways be ?
do you live in the republic of the congo ?
no would n't trust someone to set me up with someone i 'd actually like .
you do n't magically evolve into adulthood at the age of 18 .
she still lives with her parents she 's not an adult until she leaves the nest .
if you look closely at a lot of the carvings they depict very interesting things yet to come .
i feel like it being an actual sidequest gives it a solid status .
any dissent is just a narrative created by evil imperialist us .
mmmmm i 'm sure they found them nice and supportive definitely not creepy and gross
never got hit as bad where i 'm from st. john 's got it bad in a state of emergency until monday !
im not saying this is misleading but if you switch it from search term to former senator and former vice president .
it was a fake post to begin with so w/e .
child free women are happy being child free if they know that 's what they want .
i did n't say all women are desperate for children .
op commented that she wanted to start a family in her 30s .
i did n't read anything about her being on the fence about wanting kids .
she lives with her bf that does what kids so unless she 's heartless i 'd be surprised if she strung him along knowing there might be a chance she did n't want any .
i did n't say fertility dropped off at 27 .
op may be 30 by the time she 's ready to date again .
it takes time to move on from an 8 year long relationship .
it also takes time to get to know a new person and vet them before starting a family with them .
she does n't have any time to invest into any other failed relationships after this one ... especially if she wants more than one child .
27-30 is old to be finding a partner to have children with .
it 's not impossible but it 's not as easy as it is when you 're 20 .
if she was set on being child free this would be different .
your post was removed due to your account having low karma .
karma is earned through posting and commenting on threads throughout reddit .
this filter is in place to help fight spam from new low karma accounts .
please note that this karma restriction only applies to new posts you are free to comments on threads as you please .
the subreddit has a pinned support thread that you can post on that is not karma restricted .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/roblox if you have any questions or concerns .
bus monitors would be the ideal situation for all schools but there are probably other priorities before that .
he looks like he took a big ol rip from the cat nip
then i did n't understand yours like if the girls like you and they are bisexual its no problem ... are you so desperate you will put up with some single jelly bitch yelling at you cuz a girl smiled at you ?
i really want some silver and golden sebright bantams .
wo n't you introduce us to the rest of her too ?
i know because it was on a fluids mechanics exam in college and i got the question wrong ...
its not just being said that its true though .
they brought up good points to that as well .
it 's if one thing that 's true in this community is that the majority is usually proven wrong
the same could be said in regards to people thinking spirits can deconfirm .
that looks nearly identical to my style but with more curves and stone pavement instead of gray concrete .
i could use someone like you for the minecraft state dot .
tradescantia spathacea commonly called 'moses-in-the-cradle ' or 'boatlily ' .
its a tropical native so it enjoys warm temperatures and high humidity but has pretty standard houseplant care needs .
water it sparingly cutting back in the winter and fertilise only in the active growing season .
most importantly these plant enjoys lots of light and their iconic purple colour will be as intense as the light they receive .
these plants can also be propagated quite easily from root division as they grow in clumps of smaller plants with independent root systems .
i am so glad you are able to say no as much as you do .
i think it 's probably just their individual personalities .
my brother and i are so similar that people thought we had our own language growing up .
i have also heard that with 3 kids one is generally the odd one out .
he was so close and similar to one and the other was just a bit different .
if he was a girl they would have probably thought it had to do with gender .
i hope this did n't come across as antagonistic .
i was just really wondering since i could n't think of anything other than girls are n't good at aiming for cheerios in the toilet when potty training . ''
the series even has a pretty large following https reddit.com/r/manga/comments/eqclni/disc_destroy_all_humankind_they_cant_be_ch14 of non-mtg folks over on r/manga just because of how fun the characters are .
you are allowed to make one post every 30 minutes in r/rocketleagueexchange .
you will be able to post again in 29 minute s .
helpful links subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/rocketleagueexchange/comments/e6nmm9/subreddit_rules guide to avoid being scammed https www.reddit.com/r/rocketleagueexchange/comments/cjqwiz/a_guide_on_how_not_to_get_scammed identify spoofed rep https www.reddit.com/r/rocketleagueexchange/comments/awcaoq/meta_how_to_identify_spoofed_rep
message modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2frocketleagueexchange if you have any questions .
i will read a book film or tv synopsis that may sound boring and then watch/read it and be blown away .
on the other hand something that may read like it 's exactly what i want can end up being the worst thing i 've seen all year .
the magic of a piece of art is in its execution .
it 's not so much about the ideas but how those ideas are expressed .
i personally take the kirkland three times a day and have personally no problems .
no one has ever died from a vitamin overdose .
in fact vitamins and supplement need to be taken in high doses to start seeing its benefits no matter how good is your diet .
this regretted doctor took a sheet ton of vitamins/supplements and probably helped him get a few extra healthy years on this planet died in his late 80s
when houston gets punched in the face they really just quit
also in my 2k my league dlo and fultz are my backcourt and lead the magic to a 60-22 record and this game has me shedding tears
comedy sketch a self-proclaimed heterosexual guy typing posts on reddit on a saturday night about silicon valley dudes being media damaged '' when it comes to sexual identity .
because humans can very much change a planet 's climate ?
the republicans filibustered a bill that closed tax loopholes for the rich in obama 's first two years when the democrats were in full control ?
do you have a link for that or are we supposed to accept your insanity as evidence ?
is n't it convenient for you to keep moving the goalposts
wait ... wait ... do you even know what that means ?
my mom looks at my phone and wil ground me !
it warms my heart that his profile looks empty to me .
lmao i 'm sorry i did n't think about that but i 'm a man of my word and i will do it
i 'm actually a true audiophile and listen to my music in pure digital .
i interpret the square waves into sounds in my head so i need digital ready headphones .
i go out for 2-3 cocktails with the wife and you 're looking at 60 .
that 's a one time cost for a game that would give you entertainment for weeks or months ... hell i finally got breath of the wild and i 've put in almost 100 hours since christmas .
your reigning and defending back to back to back to back to back western conference champions have hit double digit wins !
i was a tech for nearly 10 years till i went back to school .
the gloves i used for the last 5 years are these
liberty 2018w nitrile industrial glove powder free disposable 8 mil thickness medium blue box of 50
look for those on amazon they do not rip .
i have had pairs last from 8 am to lunch .
still buy them to work on my own cars .
leave it flat under all your rule books until you 're session next week .
well it was top comment so i watched the video expecting two super cute female characters to walk out .
but then i see a dude ok i guess hes kind of attractive and you ca n't even see the other guy for long though oh shit that trash can gravitated right towards them though
this just shows what he expects regarding gender roles .
nice ww is one of the best builds for fast 90s .
for speeds it 's an easy swap you basically use bul kathos weapon and drop ancient spear/ground stomp for sprint marathon/charge merciless .
farming t16 speeds is also great for legendaries/hr gr90s is just more consistent cause you can guarentee the boss will drop around 12 and the maps are simpler so you do n't get lost on shitty maps as often .
that 's some good taste putting the best flavors on jund .
and it seems to me that rudger is n't really the most liked defender you have in fact i see him constantly trashed by chelsea fans .
if this is a totally amateur video it 's one hell of a party .
the glue stick protruding from the back should be turned into a glue stick question-mark .
i think they are immune to all knockback effects for a certain amount of time
what does this mean for their internationals such as will skelton ?
i go to sleep with 2 but wake up with it on the ground .
if she does does n't follow back that 's your sign if she 's interested or not .
haha you dumb american plastic that 's not ashley young lolol ... that 's clearly christopher smalling 😎😍😍😍
unfortunately you can not participate in our contests https www.reddit.com/r/onlyfans_promo/comments/dz3q88/top_5_models_contest_winner_gets_her_picture .
your post title does not contain your onlyfans.com url .
only posts with onlyfans urls will be sorted by upvotes .
winner gets her picture onlyfans link posted on the sidebar as a prize .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/onlyfans_promo if you have any questions or concerns .
a bear if i were a bear with human intelligence i would use it to scare the shit out of hikers growl chase and just be close in general .
now of course i would n't do anything to the humans but it would be really funny .
except when they poop i would feel bad for them .
vaping is just as immediate it wreaks havoc with my asthma though the drop are like an edible .
keep bratt boqvist and vatanan are on my list as well
my girlfriend and i both have smart tvs mine from around 2015 hers from more like 2018 .
we watch netflix on both and occasionally walk away .
the app goes to its idle animations where it shows stills of various titles with stuff sliding across it slowly .
i assume it 's supposed to be a very smooth animation cycle with everything sliding across in time with the refresh rate of the tv .
they 're both different models from different big name manufacturers samsung and sony but they both show the images as distinct frames in herky-jerky animations .
i 'd say about once every quarter second or so the image just jumps to its next frame at a noticable distance from the last .
these seem like things that netflix/the oems would have cared about enough to work hard and get them right .
obviously it does n't stop us from using netflix and does n't affect us nearly as much as something like consistent playback errors would but it is certainly an eyesore relative to what the animation was intended to be .
it 's especially weird since this is from a company whose whole business model is based around sending high quality video all over the world without any interruptions .
both televisions are 55 '' 4k units i do n't know if that makes a difference .
during this time i worked closely with her first in the capacity as mentor while training her and later as colleagues ''
during this time i worked closely with her first in the capacity as mentor while training her and later as colleagues ''
first things first this is n't a validation or an awefullbrag post .
if the result is very clear it was n't for karma whoring ...
i am just horrible in reading social queues and feel guilty very fast .
so i made about 25 meat/chicken empanadas and 10 cheese empanadas .
i love to cook so it 's not a problem .
when they all arrived i was taking out the second sheet of empanadas and started to put them on different plates .
1 plate for chicken one for meat and one for cheese .
so i put them on the table and explain which is which .
one of the meat eaters wanted to take one of the cheese empanadas and i told them that i had just made enough of them for our two vegetarian friends .
they looked kinda put off at me and just took one of the other ones .
so the night progresses and one of the vegetarians comes up to me and asks me if i had made anymore of the cheese empanadas because their tray only had 3 left and both of them had only eaten 1 per person .
i was kinda shocked because i had made enough for everyone and it was n't such a big get together that people would n't have heard me .
so i paused the music and reminded the people that the cheese empanadas were only enough for 2 people and to please be more considerate of others .
i was a bit annoyed by this point but let it go .
today i resived a text from one of my friends calling me out for my snobbish '' behavior and that ofcourse everyone would like to taste every empanada as they are not common in europe .
now i feel like an ass for reprimanding them .
when i first went to college i had great grades .
i had a 3.75 g.p.a on the honor roll and i hated it .
i repeatedly told my parents i did n't want to go to school every single semester .
it got so bad to the point my mother told me either i finish school or i be homeless .
i walked off my college campus and stayed in a homeless shelter moved into my own apartment bought my own car and took care of myself .
i went back to living with my parents and they wanted to attend school again however my mother was constantly hypercritical nothing i did was enough .
i was told i did n't wash the dishes right i did n't put back the chair i was yelled at 23 for hanging out with my friends late at night .
so i eventually moved close to campus and poorly juggled a full-time job school and a apartment .
my parents did n't have to pay for anything at the point i was completely on my own .
the situation has changed and my parents wanted to see my grades .
i am no longer a straight a student and i work part-time so i have grades across the board a b c 's and d 's and f s .
i live in campus i do n't smoke or use drugs .
my parents wanted to see my grades i said yes .
but the way they went about it was incredibly abrasive and not-okay .
i get that i have an obligation because your paying for it .
but you do n't have to act like a crazy person .
it 's the same reason why i left school the amount of pressure constantly put on me and still being extremely unhappy .
it cultimated in my fayher yelling over the phone if you dont send the grades now im not paying for school .
i do n't know how to assert myself in front of my parents .
i do n't know if i wan na go back to school anymore after i was treated that way .
i do n't know if i can graduate with a 2.4ish g.p.a and their now putting immense pressure for me to graduate .
i only have one semester to ear enough credit hours to graduate but not the right classes .
i wan na pack my bag and just leave home again for good any advice ?
about 4/5 times i try to go to rottentomatoes.com it just loads endlessly or tells me the site is down yet i do n't experience this with any other site unless they 're actually down .
i ca n't believe that a website as big as rottentomatoes is actually down multiple times every day so what is special about this specific site ?
do they use some weird ip-block that norwegian servers have trouble accessing or something ?
so i 'm relatively new to water color and some of the ways i 've seen and heard people say to stop the paper from buckling is that the correct term ?
is to tape the paper to a hard surface .
when i do that many times the tape rips bits of the paper off with it .
i 'm using artist loft artist 's tape in hopes it would stop ripping the paper but it still does that .
is there any learning curve to taping the paper or any better tape brands i should look into ?
as the title entails what does this current version of the game like in terms of hardware ?
i 'm personally running a laptop with a i5-8300h 12 gb ram 1050 ti,256 ssd and 1tb hdd .
so my little laptop is n't a slouch and yes i know the game is not optimized but i would like to try and remove my stutters that destroy my experience on bigger-ish maps like interchange and shoreline .
i 've heard that ram is a good way of improving but idk .
i got a laptop that can upgrade some of it 's parts .
i have a few months in bogota and would like to really improve my salsa/bachata basically just a few lessons of experience .
does anyone know of good private instructors or possibly good group dances classes ?
feel like i need a few before i dare do it in public ...
it 's for a financing class but the local bookstore is all sold out .
does anyone know of an online or pdf version or would anyone be willing to sell a used version of this ?
i 'm gon na go off on a rant here .
today 's lesson in sunday school was an ... interesting one .
they were talking about modesty and how people are getting further from god you know the usual bullshit .
until modesty of course when the teacher was reading off a talk by a prophet where they saw elementary school level children dressing in inappropriate immodest ways .
ripped jeans no sleeves etc. and i in my head since i 'm a quiet kid ace attorney style went hold it !
they said modesty is to help men not to sin as in lust and sex before marriage .
anyone who 's turned on enough to commit a crime by ripped jeans is too no matter the age .
so they 're turned on by ripped jeans enough to see them as horribly sinful and not only that they were on like what a 1st grader ?
hell i 'd barely even call them a person !
may we remind them again to not victim blame or body shame and jesus christ especially children !
if you 're body shaming and victim blaming a child you might just be insane .
my name must be phoenix wright because i 've got more than one objection to this religion and evidence that proves it !
i 'm looking for a nice body for the sarasa .
i love the feel of the regular body to be honest but i do n't like throwing the whole thing away and the clips wear out .
looking for something sexy to put the refills in i love clicky tops .
anything jotter looking would be sweet but i 'm open to whatever .
hi just wondering what are good companies to become a marketing manager for ! ?
just got impact for the year please recommend to me the best ppvs/matches of the long history of tna/impact .
all years apply but mostly older stuff i 've probably never seen .
i will start my first campaign of mutant year zero this wednesday and i penned out my ark a bit more political then usual ?
i do n't know it just happened while planning and i really like how it turns out .
it started with the four bosses that i wrote up for my ark and who rule the day to day business
she is the elders staunchest supporter and reminds everyone to follow the elders teachings to the letter if need be with liberal application of her enforcers .
she manages the elders estate and sorta speaks for him but is loosing support rapidly in this trying times of dwindling ressources .
he recently returned from a journey into the zone and talks about visions about the rot which he now worships .
he wants to build a temple dedicated to the rot and advocates to freely eat from the rich table of the zone unconcerned of the rot .
but he also got some pretty wild and progressive ideas which garnered him a lot of support by the people without much of a perspective which there are many .
he tells everyone of an elder who is even bigger then the arks failing leader the elder marx and paints a wonderful and magnificent future where everyone is equal and shares in the riches and spoils of the peoples hard work .
he also advocates to abolish slavery so he is very popular among the poor downtrodden and obviously slaves .
his gang is the strongest and he has secured a big chunk of the remaining food stocks and every day is solidifying his grip on the ark with a blend of violence intimidation and bribery .
at the start of the game each boss starts one project marlotte cropland fire eyes temple bebel defenses james slave market and once thats finished the players can try to influence the bosses to start their desired next project but they will be more easily swayed towards technology/culture/food/warfare respectively because once one of the four dev scores hits 30 the corresponding boss will automatically start the project that will solidify their grip on the ark marlotte tech 30 for free enterprise fire eyes culture 30 for suffrage bebel food 30 for collectivism james warfare 30 for autocracy .
the first one who finishes this project will be the defacto leader of the ark and color the atmosphere and politics there .
i am not entirely sure how the players may influence this whole thing but i imagine that it will mostly work itself and through rpg .
i am toying with a system like giving the boss with the highest score two auto successes on their projects each session while the lowest gets no one and the other two 1 each but this might make it too easy for the payers to influence the thing .
or maybe it will be obvious that the players are supporting one boss over the others and to simulate the different political currents i will give one boss two workpoints and the other two one each .
they most likely do n't want james to be the big boss in the end but they ca n't neglect warfare too much because this is a dangerous world .
maybe i am overdoing it a bit but i really like my starting situation so far .
hi before i start attack me all you want i 'll understand but what 's done is done .
in one weekend i 've received 3 separate speeding fines going 60 over the king latrobe 40km melbourne area .
i did n't know at the time i do now .
soo i 'm going to loose my license if i do not get legal assistant sorting out these loss of points i already have 4 points which takes me now to 13 .
hoping someone might be able to help and assist me in gaining legal support .
obviously i know i 'm going to have to pay but it will be much less then not having a job for 3 months .
i 've been told a lot to write a book about my experiences .
which is the best website to download mod apk https gamescrewapp.com ?
on hax is the top best site to download cracked apps for android .
revdl is most rated site to download premium cracked apks for android .
and you never know where you end up going .
love the idea of my wife becoming a bimbo against my control .
also very much into breast expansion bimboization hypnosis feet and other transformations especially involving the alteration and corruption of my wife .
i 'd love to chat about what 's happening to my wife or how you would change the woman i love into a perverse sexier version of herself .
or perhaps you 'd like to play as her ?
she 's normally a sweet and bookish thing more keen on intellectual stimulation and knitting hats for friends kids but she is very pretty none the less .
5'7 110 lbs of slim and lovely with perky b cups long legs red hair cropped to her shoulders and lips that any person would ache to feel upon them .
very open to fun and strange kinks though i am not into scat pain or animals in any way .
poets and pirates pnp was originally a wow clan that was formed after realizing who i was and what i wanted in that game .
i loved my friendly guild but i wanted friends and progression .
pnp ultimately became a widely respected guild for our quick progression and sustainability .
i aim to produce the same quality clan experience for destiny 2 with this iteration .
this group of people will become your greatest friends a game can produce but will also assist motivate and equip you and your character to the highest goals achievable in game .
pnp is a culture that produces lovers and fighters who are rememberable for the legacy they create .
i 'm looking for individuals or groups who buy into the vision .
once established the clan will be highly selective in who we let in and how we are ran .
i 'm into team building and equipping others to be the best they can be both in game and in life .
pnp will groom leaders and sherpas who will not only be gray clan mates but will be influential with the community .
pnp 's culture will impact and change guardians all around them .
if you 've got this far you 're probably thinking this sounds great .
as much as i want to build and grow let 's do this right .
you must have at least 25 points to join and 32 points to become a full-member .
50 pts will qualify you for promotion to admin status as needed .
you earn tier points by having at least one of the triumphs obtained .
example if you got the undying title last season you can claim the silver tier points .
if you have luna 's howl that 's an additional 1 point .
if you register in our discord server that 's another 3 !
gold tier 10 pts earn any of these titles to claim gold tier unbroken enlightened reckoner harbinger .
silver tier 5 pts earn any of these titles to claim silver tier undying rivensbane blacksmith shadow savior .
bronze tier 2 pts earn any of these titles to claim bronze tier dredgen wayfarer mmxix cursebreaker chronicler .
register with charlemagne once in clan can count toward full member status or admin promotion 5 pts
wendigo and loaded question must have both 2 pts 1 pt for just one
for every 10,000 triumph pts 1 pt max of 5 allowed
head over to our discord server and check the recruitment channel for the pinned application process .
a quality dental crown is only 259 in vietnam 3 to 5 times less than your current price !
hey i am in shenzhen currently and wanted to ask if you could use your chinese single entry visa to go to hongkong and reenter china .
i 'm gon na print the whole shrek script and bring it to my school
hello all i 'm looking for recommendations in the dmv area or within 200ish miles .
hi i just downloaded this mod and i 'm playing co-op in a certain area around my cabin any resource i harvest they disappear .
i 'm wondering if this is a known bug and if its fixable i planted my first parsnips in this area and i 'm very concerned .
invented it 2019 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=goxi1ncpbl4 https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=goxi1ncpbl4
right now my in-laws are visiting and they stay up way too late watching tv .
i was wondering if anyone knows how to turn off comcast wifi from their phone because i 'm thinking it will make them go to bed earlier so we do n't have to stay up and talk to them as much ?
get into cryptocurrency or accumulate more with 65 in free cash/bitcoin bonuses from binance us 15 cash voyager 25 bitcoin celsius network 10 bitcoin coinbase 10 bitcoin crypterium 5 cash and bitrue 30 ripple xrp by signing up and making a small deposits/transactions !
celsius network coinbase crypterium and bitrue are open to users globally but voyager and binance us are available to us customers only .
all bonuses post immediately after you make a deposit or buy crypto which you can sell and cash out to your bank .
be sure to use each link or code to get every bonus and thank you !
binance us with 15 cash bonus https www.binance.us ? ref=35011786 https www.binance.us ? ref=35011786 or use referral 35011786
voyager crypto trading app with 25 in bitcoin bonus https apps.apple.com/us/app/voyager-buy-bitcoin-crypto/id1396178579 https apps.apple.com/us/app/voyager-buy-bitcoin-crypto/id1396178579 or https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.investvoyager https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.investvoyager and use code o6e5jj during signup
celsius network with 10 in bitcoin bonus https celsiusnetwork.app.link/1891962be1 https celsiusnetwork.app.link/1891962be1 or use promo code 1891962be1
coinbase with 10 in bitcoin bonus https www.coinbase.com/join/silva\_jt8 https www.coinbase.com/join/silva_jt8
crypterium wallet app with 5 cash bonus https crypterium.app.link/du5ix9vsdy https crypterium.app.link/du5ix9vsdy or referral code cdgy4
bitrue with 30 xrp signup bonus https www.bitrue.com/activity/task/task-landing ? cn=900002 invitecode=qallav https www.bitrue.com/activity/task/task-landing ? cn=900002 invitecode=qallav use referral code qallav
binance.us https www.binance.us ? ref=35011786 is officially open for us customers !
sign up on binance.us https www.binance.us ? ref=35011786 https www.binance.us ? ref=35011786 https www.binance.us ? ref=35011786 and get a 15 cash bonus when you complete the fiat account verification and have at least 100 usd in trading volume buy and/or sell any trading pairs .
for example you can deposit 100 via bank transfer and buy 100 worth of any crypto like bitcoin or ethereum to get the 15 cash bonus !
or you can transfer 100 worth of crypto into your account like bitcoin and sell for 100 worth of ethereum to get the 15 cash bonus !
please use my referral link https www.binance.us ? ref=35011786 https www.binance.us ? ref=35011786 or use referral id 35011786 https www.binance.us ? ref=35011786 during registration .
binance.us is available in most states but not all states on its initial launch .
at the moment binance.us accounts will not be available in the following states alabama connecticut florida hawaii idaho louisiana new york north carolina texas georgia vermont washington .
get 25 in bitcoin btc when you download and signup for the voyager crypto trading app with code o6e5jj and trade at least 100 or more in crypto buy and/or sell .
to get your 25 in free bitcoin after buying 100 or more in crypto use reward/referral code o6e5jj during registration
download the ios app at https apps.apple.com/us/app/voyager-buy-bitcoin-crypto/id1396178579 https apps.apple.com/us/app/voyager-buy-bitcoin-crypto/id1396178579 use reward code o6e5jj
download the android app at https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.investvoyager https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.investvoyager use reward code o6e5jj
voyager app offers commission-free cryptocurrency trading for over 20 cryptos and its currently available to residents in all u.s. states excluding new york state .
please use my referral code by downloading the ios app https apps.apple.com/us/app/voyager-buy-bitcoin-crypto/id1396178579 or android app https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.investvoyager and use reward/referral code o6e5jj during registration .
its an easy way to earn a 25 worth of free bitcoin after you buy 100 or more in crypto and cash out the profit back to your bank !
sign up on celsius network https celsiusnetwork.app.link/1891962be1 https celsiusnetwork.app.link/1891962be1 https celsiusnetwork.app.link/1891962be1 and you 'll get 10 in free bitcoin btc after first deposit of 200 or more in crypto like bitcoin ripple ethereum usdt usdc !
you 'll also earn up to 10 apy interest on all the cryptos you deposit including btc eth bch ltc xrp xlm and usd stablecoin like usdc usdt dai pax with no fees to deposit or withdrawal !
i love celsius because interest is paid out every monday !
at the moment you ca n't link a bank account to deposit cash to your celsius network account so you 'll need to use coinbase https www.coinbase.com/join/silva_jt8 or binance us https www.binance.us ? ref=35011786 to buy crypto like bitcoin or usdc and transfer to your celsius account .
then transfer back to cash out and back to your bank .
remember to use my celsius network referral link https celsiusnetwork.app.link/1891962be1 https celsiusnetwork.app.link/1891962be1 or use promo code 1891962be1 https celsiusnetwork.app.link/1891962be1 during registration .
get 10 of free bitcoin btc after you sign up on coinbase https www.coinbase.com/join/silva_jt8 and buy or sell 100 or more in cryptocurrency like bitcoin ethereum bitcoin cash usdc etc .
in addition get up to 130 in free cryptocurrency by learning watching videos and answering questions about other cryptocurrencies like ripple dai and eos !
you can easily make up to 140 in free cryptocurrency and cash out the money back to your bank !
plus if you 're a us customer you earn 1.25 apy interest holding usdc tokens !
coinbase is one of the most trusted and easiest place to buy sell and manage your digital currency portfolio and its available in 100 countries around the world !
remember to use my referral link to get your 10 of free bitcoin plus 130 in other crypto https www.coinbase.com/join/silva\_jt8 https www.coinbase.com/join/silva_jt8
have you tried the crypterium app https crypterium.app.link/du5ix9vsdy https crypterium.app.link/du5ix9vsdy for ios and android ?
it lets you buy send exchange or cash out crypto and even get the first global crypto card !
the crypterium wallet https crypterium.app.link/du5ix9vsdy is regarded as one of the most promising fintech solutions by kpmg and h2 ventures .
to get the 5 cash bonus you must verify your identity and make a transaction worth €50 60 or more like buy crypto via the crypterium https crypterium.app.link/du5ix9vsdy wallet app .
for a limited time crypterium https crypterium.app.link/du5ix9vsdy allows you to reserve the telegram gram token the hottest token of 2019 at the best price for as low as 3.50 per gram token before its on publicly on sale !
register at https crypterium.app.link/du5ix9vsdy https crypterium.app.link/du5ix9vsdy to receive a link to download the app or use my referral code cdgy4 during signup at https crypterium.com https crypterium.com and get your 5 cash bonus !
download and signup for the bitrue https www.bitrue.com/activity/task/task-landing ? cn=900002 invitecode=qallav btr cryptocurrency trading app with trading fees as low as 0.05 and earn a 30 xrp ripple welcome bonus plus get up to 15 apy interest on the cryptos you own like bitcoin ethereum and usd stablecoins .
10 xrp bonus after 100 or more in crypto on first deposit via the app
2 xrp bonus when you deposit at least 100 in crypto every week via the app
free daily random xrp bonus between 0.01 to 0.1 via the app
5 xrp bonus referring each friend to signup on bitrue
download the ios app https apps.apple.com/gb/app/bitrue/id1435877386 https apps.apple.com/gb/app/bitrue/id1435877386 or android app https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.bitrue.currency.exchange https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.bitrue.currency.exchange and use referral code qallav to receive your xrp bonuses .
or signup via the web at https www.bitrue.com/activity/task/task-landing ? cn=900002 invitecode=qallav https www.bitrue.com/activity/task/task-landing ? cn=900002 invitecode=qallav
you also earn between 5.3 to 15 apy interest on your cryptos like bitcoin ethereum ripple bitrue ada and usd stablecoins in their power piggy program .
for example you can earn 10.3 apy or 13 apy interest on your usd stablecoins usdt usdc tusd etc .
bitrue covers your funds up to 1 million usd in case of theft .
remember to join using my referral link or code and thank you https www.bitrue.com/activity/task/task-landing ? cn=900002 invitecode=qallav https www.bitrue.com/activity/task/task-landing ? cn=900002 invitecode=qallav or use referral code qallav when you signup via ios or android
my ex boyfriend was very poor and had trouble keeping a job .
he was abusive and would bully me into things .
he threatened to break up with me or would become extremely violent if he did n't get his way .
i wanted to keep his temper under control so when he asked for a money loan to help with his truck payment i agreed .
then i was stuck paying rent and bills until i put a stop to it a few months later .
he would pay me back in small amounts the largest was 40 to keep me from nagging '' him .
he still owes me close to 5000 and he is refusing to pay me back .
i have repeatedly asked for the money back and tried to set up a payment plan with him .
i have been trying to get my money back for almost a year .
i also have text message evidence of him admitting to not paying me back and his abusive behavior .
he is refusing to pay it back because i broke up with him and began dating someone else .
he said things would be different if he broke up with me or if we were still together .
i find his behavior deplorable and i want to know if there is a small chance that i have a case against him .
feel free to advertise your club or request a club to contact you .
so this list used to revolve around getting cards in the grave like at least 1 mind meld a lost wind or two and ofc the krawler boy band using into the void demise and survivor .
i tried to change the list to the new ban list but it does n't seam to put up much of a presence like the krawler of yesteryear .
are you looking for one of the best it companies in bezzie technologies http bezzietechnologies.com offering full time it solutions .
we help grow your business by offering softawre decvelopment service .
.we specialize in product design and engineering helping clients transform ideas into winning products through our lean product development http bezzietechnologies.com/about-us.html process.our mobile application embedded web system website design and so on .
i have an imported nissan cube 2010 with the original japanese head unit still installed but i want to upgrade it to a carplay unit instead .
i went to a car store and they said that they need to know if it has an amplified unit installed .
it 's good news if it does n't have one .
a couple years ago i was a transitioning veteran that had no long term monetary plans in place .
i was often living paycheck to paycheck trying to make ends meet .
a part of me thought that this fiscal situation was the norm for one 's mid twenties .
but then i discovered this sub and slowly my mindset and drive to better myself changed .
since then i saved 20k and have begun to feel more secure financially .
then last week on january 13th after dabbling in options for half a year and making a few thousand dollars i decided on a whim to yolo everything i had in my rh account into tsla and bynd based on shitty dd from you sketchy fucks .
where i was checking my bank account once or twice a day out of anxiety a few years ago today i walked into louis vuitton and spent a few thousand dollars on my fiancée .
she 's wanted a real neverfull handbag from lv all of her adult life ... and with this whole new world wsb has helped me reach off of options i wanted to share the wealth with my better half .
i did n't feel bad about dropping that cash on material shit at all .
i 've never felt this level of financial security before .
and i owe it all to you fucks with the extra chromosomes .
edit just to clarify i was n't poor before this occurred .
sure after the military times were tough spoiler alert we are n't payed well on active duty ! .
thanks to this community though along with some investment savvy friends of mine with very successful portfolios of their own i had saved just over 20k before this .
just buying a gift for the woman i 'm marrying so please spare me your holier than thou never-made-a-bad-call-in-my-life advice fellas .
we 're always told to pick our battles choose our hills to die on .
sometimes we take that advice and let it go but concession does n't mean forgetting it happened .
sit down have a cuppa and tell your dear old automod all about the times you 've had to make that difficult decision .
please remember to be kind in your replies this is a place to support one another not criticize personal choices .
vishat technologies is one of the best seo company in chandigarh http www.vishyat.com .
learn digital marketing from vishyat technologies among the top 10 in india the top 5 in gurgaon punjab chandigarh mohali amritsar and ludhiana .
vishyat technologies is an seo specialist and is ranked as one of the best seo company in india http www.vishyat.com/search-engine-optimization which helps you achieve higher rankings and higher visibility in search engines with their smart ethical practices .
with expert seo service in india http www.vishyat.com/search-engine-optimization we believe in aggressive seo campaigns with important market research and keywords that keep it mainly above its competitors .
search engine optimization or seo is a process that involves many procedures within .
it basically includes the techniques that are performed to order a website or some web pages appear among the top positions in search engine searches in the relevant commercial keywords .
there is another way to search and it 's google ads but it will cost you a lot and only a short-term solution .
seo is the organic way and a very profitable method to position yourself high in google with long-term effects .
seo techniques that optimize internal factors such as html tags meta description web page content etc .
this is more visible and depends on how often google caches its web pages .
now to learn more you can consult the best seo experts in chandigarh http www.vishyat.com at vishyat technologies to implement smart seo efforts .
i remember downloading a bunch of games onto my pc back in the late 2000s to early 2010s and remember this one somewhat basic racing game that i can find nothing about .
all i can remember is that the background was basic and just one color and the tracks were all just blue .
there were a few cars you could unlock in the game but the ones i remember the most were this really fast white race car and a massive 12 wheeler truck .
i doubt anyone will have any idea what it could be but if anyone has any leads let me know .
group transportation https www.allamericanlimo.com/finest-bus-service-in-chicago-for-rapid-transportation aims to budget your trip 's traveling expenses .
it is one of many benefits bus service lends on you .
all american limousine provides you with high-end classic and comfortable driving experience all around chicago .
ive always been big and it came in fast but even after puberty it still seems to get bigger every year .
if you wan na chat send me asl and hopefully we can chat .
just finished my first pc build and i am worried that my cpu may be getting to hot .
cpu in question is a ryzen 5 3600x with the stock wraith spire cooler .
on average it seems to sit around 50 degrees .
while playing games the cpu temperature sits around 80 and has not exceeded 85 .
if these temperatures are hotter than is considered acceptable what cpu cooler would you recommend ?
edit so what i 'm going to do first is install 2 140mm fans in the front panel of my case and see if the increased airflow will make a large enough difference .
if that fails to get my temps down to a more comfortable range then i will be replacing the stock cooler .
edit 2 added in 2 case fans alongside replacing my stock cpu cooler with a coolermaster hyper 212 evo that a friend gave me .
in bios i am now getting 29 c idle and when on my home screen temperature sits at 32-33 with occasional less than 3 second long jumps to 40 .
when playing borderlands 3 the temperature stayed below 70 .
so it looks like my problem is now solved !
i have a 13yrs old daughter who run away from me and went to her grandparents and told them that i 'm physically and emotionally abusing her but none of it is true .
i just want to ask where i can get a counselor for her as i 'm starting to lose her😔🥺 and i only have one child .
it may not belong here..but i hope you guys would be able to help me .
i 'm a woman but i like it when good girls call me daddy .
you wo n't get any pictures or voice chat from me and i wo n't require them from you .
i 'm into humiliation virgin play consensual noncon and dubcon anal play receiving oral water sports and giving pain via spankings and rough sex .
this is fantasy land and thus a place to discuss intense things that get you off .
the only exception to this is if you are attracted to children in which case please fuck off .
i 'll respect your limits of course but you have to tell me what they are .
i 'm kind and respectful i just like tormenting other girls in the best way .
also please note that while i am not at all averse to chatting with you more than once if i have fun the first time my dominant moods wax and wane as does my availability and i 'm not looking to take on any permanent subs who will have expectations of my time .
send me a orange envelope and if you seem obedient and literate we can move to kik or wickr .
get ready to buy the new 4k android tv box https www.klusster.com/portfolios/shenzhen-freesun-technology-co-ltd/contents/14976 ? code=0f5e4f95-2a45-4b03-bc26-ad49fe18a053 at reasonable price .
we have a different-2 android tv box with unique features and more items .
this 4k android tv box gives you high quality picture screen for your favorite tv programs .
does your mil suck but you do n't feel like making an entire post about it ?
is she a bec and you just want to vent about the crumbs in your carpet for a moment ?
manish tours and travels is an organization which believes in serving the customers rather than just attracting the customers with all false promises .
we provide services in the form that we speak of .
we do not say or exaggerate anything when we deal with our customers .
we maintain utmost transparency whenever we deal with any of our customers who come to us for any kind of services such as car rental services air ticket booking services or any other interrelated tour related services .
thank you u/erunicorn for the sweetest kitty themed valentines day card and well wishes for our household !
finally something good via the mail ... pick me up received and appreciated .
given how prevalent it is i must be alone in this but just once i 'd like to hit the front page of pornhub without seeing guy fucks his sister '' or guy fucks his step mom '' all over the place .
are you looking for oet reading part c test tips ?
firstly we have to read the sentence critically and understand it .
benchmark education solutions experts also provide you with the best oet reading part c tips https edubenchmark.com/blog/tips-for-identifying-opinions-in-oet-reading-exam-part-c to identify opinions present in the texts .
i 'll listen to others opinions but mine is the only right one lmao .
top 10 best disney movies of all time by u/hvvjvk
as a woman i was curious as to why mentally its so hot for us to swallow .
just wondering what goes through my boyfriends mind when i tell him i wan na swallow it all other various dirty talk lol
this is a sale of basically all i 'm not using at the moment .
i would prefer these to reach somebody who would put some shine on these keycaps as sitting in the cupboard is not a fitting thing for these lovely sets .
prices are these prices because import tax is horrible .
i 'm not looking to scam anybody so please let me know if the prices are inappropriate .
gmk red samurai https drop.com/buy/86125 massdrop 1800 set https massdrop-s3.imgix.net/product-images/drop-redsuns-gmk-red-samurai-keycap-set/fp/gulys1llspcwmb1dgnoo_rs1800.jpg ? auto=format fm=jpg fit=crop w=1080 bg=f0f0f0 dpr=2 q=35 .
dsa creamsicle https pimpmykeyboard.com/dsa-creamsicle-keyset alphas novelties ortho set ergodox set iso kit .
please note there are no other sets included i forgot to order the modifiers but you can still fill up a board using the keycaps provided depending on layout tested on 60 iso and 40 ortho .
pbt plastic no shine no damage to legends minimal use for pictures .
selling due to inability to get used to the dsa profile.|200£
maxkey sa leviathan https kbdfans.com/products/leviathan base iso novelties spacebar bfr mac .
mounted for pictures attempted use gave up i just ca n't into the sa profile unfortunately.|200£
the dsa set ships in what is pictures as they were delivered in bags .
the maxkey sa leviathan ships in the original box it got shipped in .
would prefer to ship to the uk or eu for the few days left that the uk is still in the eu sigh but will consider other destinations .
shipping is not included in the prices above we will discuss it after the destination is known .
i 'm looking to buy a relatively cheap edc pen and came across this pen .
i do n't see alot of reviews on this pen .
if it is n't good can anyone suggest me other stuff that is n't very expensive ?
also i 'd like to know would a umr-83 refill or an energel refill would fit this with some trimming ?
it takes fisher space pen refills and g2 parker refills .
here 's a vid that shows the mechanism i timestamped it https youtu.be/swovzlxzah0 ? t=272 https youtu.be/swovzlxzah0 ? t=272
it should say initialise sd card somewhere and then print from sd
also printable files are .gcode basically a number based machine language
if you do n't rinse out all the soap the dog will become itchy
for me it 's the i respectfully request a man with the actual intention '' etc line which reads like a magic spell and would be cool if it were n't on every third profile
when dealing with mold and fungus it is always better to err on the side of caution .
even their cf is defensive has basically the same attributes as mark noble.
united fan about our midfielders after saying that fred was the best midfield today .
i will never be strong enough to do that .
but some of them are thinking 1950 so it averages out somewhat .
https cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/249832090617511936/668662674271240254/image0.jpg the top shelf will fill out soon enough i need to complete the japanese tankōbons for sd heroes and super .
i have other shelves i just got this one to handle overflow .
the 30th anniversary blu-rays are to the left of super in a black box .
oh god i just read that how it must have sounded .
they 're white chocolate discs kind of marketed towards kids .
here 's the impeccable answer from cory in response to who has broken your heart ?
love that it looks like he 's running through the cutout .
a very simple thing to put the cutout over his back foot but it adds an entirely new dimension .
i got matched with a jojo fan and got ghosted after a few messages its tuff out here
cheaters was better before greco got stabbed on the boat .
it 's a shame too because his game is admittedly incredible .
making fast look slow is a cliche but he does it .
he gets 2-3 steps in and then the jets kick on and he 's freaking flying .
best thing that could happen is he goes out of the game on the first play and they win it without him lmao
she has a vagina my heart is killing me nobody is perfect .
triskelion is the main combo piece in my mono-black combo deck for edh tbh .
also depending on who you ask walking ballista supposedly does n't work with mikaeus the unhallowed but iirc you either have to ping the ballista an extra time or you have to have a sack outlet and it totally works .
drivers seem to be the biggest hindrance in the past decade or so for future proofing though with the move towards class-compliance for the last gen or two i wonder if this is not as much an issue as it used to be .
for example i have an ancient terratec midi hubble midi interface last updated before apple moved to intel and sure the software no longer works but the device is picked up and works with no issues in both win10 and any mac os i 've used it with 10.4-10.14
i was just looking for pre-registerable games in playstore around feb 2018 and eventually saw it..after that i pre-registered it and played from day 1..but i deleted it afterwards..i always kept installing and uninstalling it at diff times..
i will be messaging you in 20 hours on 2020-01-21 00:19:59 utc http www.wolframalpha.com/input ? i=2020-01-21 2000:19:59 20utc 20to 20local 20time to remind you of this link https np.reddit.com/r/modernwarfare/comments/er2c9k/ax50_with_damascus_makes_me_go_from_6_to_midnight/ff1i5vd ? context=3
click this link https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=remindmebot subject=reminder message 5bhttps 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com 2fr 2fmodernwarfare 2fcomments 2fer2c9k 2fax50_with_damascus_makes_me_go_from_6_to_midnight 2fff1i5vd 2f 5d 0a 0aremindme 21 202020-01-21 2000 3a19 3a59 20utc to send a pm to also be reminded and to reduce spam .
parent commenter can delete this message to hide from others .
i had a pair of heels i had n't worn and i listed them i thought if i ever wear them then i get them and i take them off posh and if they sell before i wear them then it was meant to be ... sold them a couple of days ago and instantly regretted it .
pffft like we need the endorsement of shitty corporate hacks .
i mean i get your point but one could be forgiven for thinking that given the positions of many democratic candidates .
i want to vote for a sensible one so badly but they seem to have lost their mind .
i want universal healthcare and to reign in corporations by boosting worker protections .
those reforms are going to mean fuck all if illegal immigrants bleed the funding dry and are able to undercut working americans .
instead of talking to working class americans many democrats are specifically pandering to minorities while placing a lot of blame on white people .
the mods have been licking a bit more boot as of late .
it seems that a lot of people in victoria think their cars will explode if their tires ever touch snow or slush .
i 've got your discs on my spreadsheet https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1p98v-ygg0y4olqv-u3n9rnty_mwrjcwaamipoftzsme/edit ? usp=drivesdk .
wait why would may know when the last time someone used the copier at beeps 's and roko 's office ?
did you eat or drink something unusual before your run or more than usual ?
but chidi is a total dish so you should be set !
all of the brands are getting cheaper as they keep cutting costs .
best advise i could offer is just buy a simple unit with two doors and a half moon ice maker .
i see more problems with these three and four door systems that have the ice maker in the swinging door .
we would be going at it like 7 times a day then
by the time penelope comes back it would be awhile just like josie has matured penelope must have matured too over time i think things will be handled differently between them once they meet again .
i would love halo been dying to show my gf the game .
it 's kind a hard to have a good fight against things with no legs that ca n't be choreographed
sure our government might be terrible sometimes but we have the greatest founding documents and deliberative body in the world .
unfortunately your post has been removed for the following reason s
a cursed comment is any comment that strikes the reader into oblivion .
upon seeing a cursed comment your first reaction should be among the lines of what the f k did i just read ?
? while leaving you speechless at the same time .
incomprehension of the comment just read or the blatant gruesomeness of it should be enough to not only make you feel mystified but also to draw a smile on your face .
your comment in your post does not reflect that .
if you feel that your post was removed in error or are unsure about why this post was removed then please contact us through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcursedcomments .
not bad for not seeing that for three and a half years .
i have a 2018 dodge durango and whenever i receive a phone call the screen will change to phone screen and i 'd have to click on the map icon below to get back to maps during the call .
last month i got a 2019 dodge charger as a loaner and in that car answering a phone call would keep aa on the map screen .
thought about that but i prefer to snort what 's already crushed and smoke the crystals
or at least place the item in their mail box .
i misread it as but none of them are black '' oops lol
if he was cheating he would n't have mentioned sleeping in the same bed .
in over 200 hours i 've seen modders about 4 times .
you know why no one gives a fk about overwatch ?
if i am a content creator and i havent made any new content for me to be in the scene .
2nd need to go free to play to gain more new players every day .
fix dps q time or get rid of role q .
i dont give a fking flying fk about conservative thinking players who wants overwatch not to be huge they only care about themselves .
and the typical response i am fine with the role q i get good games i dont want overwatch to be popular i am a silent nerd i like to paly with myself .
you want to be huge overwatch follow what i said .
and watch the game go null when project a comes out .
because if fortnite is beating u just because its free to play .
middle-aged islandy white ladies spouting woowoo about amulets universal tribes references to the vikings ofc that fugly key this organization is a snarkable cause for sure
looking for you now my ign is vitula are you looking for anything specific ?
to help users decide which products best suit their needs please comment on this thread with ratings of the value and the quality .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mompics if you have any questions or concerns .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
please do not message us about this we will probably mute you and move on with our day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
clearly i do n't know what i 'm doing .
i got pressured when i saw the next session date and the trailer looked promising .
go back to the announcement threads on reddit of any of those and you 'll see di maria was thought to be a great transfer sanchez expensive but worth it was the thought at the time though i personally disagreed shaw was considered worth it every cb purchase was thought to be good memphis has a match clause in his contract .
fellaini was considered to not need a replacement sanchez did n't need one either given they were both hot garbage and did n't contribute anyway .
lukaku was replaced by greenwood which i think is working out well if you consider this season to be a write-off in terms of trophies and you have to do that anyway and herrera was replaced by mctominay .
what 's fucking us over is matic going to shit which was expected lingard going to shit pereira not living up to the faith shown him and mata not being able to make a claim for first team anymore .
if we keep our 3 in 3 out style of transfers in the summer we ship out lingard pereira and matic get two starting quality midfielders one right sided attacker and we 're good assuming sanchez stays with inter .
you can make the argument that wages are fucked but if we ship those players there 's not really any clearly overpaid players .
mango black tea i 'm not picky about the brand is definitely 1 for me !
i have at least a cup pretty much every day and i bring extra any time i travel just in case .
i have insignia bluetooth ones that i really like .
after that probably shoes—my birkenstocks all summer i wish i could wear them to work !
faker is n't overrated at his prime he was the god everyone made him to be he arguably is n't anymore but people also are n't saying that he 's the best anymore
for 600 euro you wo n't be able to get a setup that does visual and astrophotography .
if you 'd still like to get into astrophotography i 'd recommend getting a mount like the skywatcher star adventurer pro with a dslr and lens setup .
it 's very easy to setup and it 'll allow you to take photos of many deep sky objects while being on a budget .
i 've had this combo for over a year and i still havnt captured everything the combo can do .
itll also get you to learn the process of astrophotography and the post processing afterwards .
edit another thing to add since i saw you want to do visual too .
when/if you have the budget grab a 6-8 inch dobsonian .
i know you may be looking for a scope that can do astrophotography and visual but there are n't any good options for that and if there are they are either going to be very expensive or be a massive headache for you .
i have a 1080ti and i-7 7700k and i 'm running it perfectly .
hellblade and dead space are two examples of games that instead of displaying numerical stats codify that information in the environment and the characters .
enemies have no health bars but you can see how hurt they are through their physical state .
likewise your character 's condition is not displayed in the ui but through audio and visual cues .
no minimap either which forces you to pay attention to your surroundings .
it 's not something that has never been done but more often than not those games are fairly linear adventures that are a bit on the short side .
be way easier to just walk into the bathroom like a normal person .
an undefeated season is n't something you can celebrate for too long .
it just means that you did n't lose and thats nice .
but winning back to back cl and alongside one league title .
that puts you in a special bracket of great teams
is the number lowering because of the number of people in the workforce is lowering or because there are actually more jobs ?
because it 's kind of misleading to just quote the number .
if people just give up looking for jobs unemployment numbers go down .
that 's what i 'm hoping this post will do get some info on this out of the community reps.
i wish i could upvote this more than once .
so basically i agree with yang on the spirit of term limits but we have to look at the solutions that will ...
really if we just had democracy dollars most of the issues go away .
or at least we stop having legitimate grounds to complain .
what like lady gaga is actually a man in drag ?
this is my 6th week and the weightloss has slowed even though i know my calories deficit is there i weigh and track everyday .
on the plus side my waist has gone down by 1cm each days so i 'm pretty happy but it 's sad when the scale puts me at 160lbs for the past 2 weeks and i 'm only 5'4 so i definitely need to lose for health reasons or not
i 'd be 10 minutes into the second playthrough before i 'm skipping npc dialogue and cutscenes and playing the game more like a platformer where the goal is a to b asap .
the character of draco malfoy in the play is better than any character in the entire play of cc .
love big red and hope he finally brings home the super bowl for you guys !
i 'd say believe what ever you want but a lot of stuff on here is clearly a joke/memes .
rather than make a wacky iceberg/pyramid like this you could make a probability scale for stuff .
because anything is technically possible and if you believe in an infinite multiverse then all of this stuff has happened somewhere already but that does n't mean it 's likely to have happened or be happening here now .
we should look at how much actual evidence there is for stuff and how likely it is to have happened with just circumstantial evidence and weigh shit like that .
for example there 's only a little bit of hard evidence that epstein was murdered like his hyoid bone being broken in 3 places .
but the amount of circumstantial evidence that he did n't kill himself is overwhelming .
no videos cameras did n't work no guards watching 7000 prison uniforms in his room for no reason had a strong extension cord but supposedly used a soft weak cloth no bruising around his neck from a noose instead just huge bruising from the front like a garotted etc .
a good early gl is the jagras one for normal .
then for long there 's viper tobi anjanath and vaal hazak .
vaal hazak is arguably the best one equal shelling level to tobi but more slots and supports custom mods since it 's a boned.com weapon .
because it is the mark of individuality the mark of creativity .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/showersex r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/bondage_porn r/analinsertions r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/clothingkink r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/erasernipples r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/sexandsoles r/allpornnsfw r/throatbarrier r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/bondage_porn r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dadwouldbeproud if you have any questions or concerns .
i didnt realize how much s***uwu***cidal affected my post until this lmfao
change for something like 37xx or 38xx to get around 120-140 in avg .
dx12 requre special implementation from dev side to get benefits .
you said hit the boat but what you meant was the boat got motherfuck blasted !
just because we 're standing beside each other does n't mean we need to chat .
i will be rerolling for the next winner if no response in the next hour so please hurry !
if you want to read proust i say go for it .
you may forget most of it but when you give him another go in say twenty years you will have a base to build from .
i know you did n't ask for it but i would like to plug rachel cusk and elena ferrante as two great contemporary authors to try if you need a proust break .
edit i also find virginia woolf to be similar in terms of difficulty to proust yet more accessible because of her shorter word count .
the waves is a fantastic book if you are looking for a comparable but faster read .
the article says that tents were checked before getting removed ...
apparently they do n't know what a homeless man looks like .
also in speech it would be construed via prosody .
german murderer would have primary stress on both ger and mur while german-murderer would have higher pitch on ger and only secondary stress on mur .
my sister has one and i 'm not sure she realises .
she will be standing next to it with two free hands and say hey google turn the volume down '' .
the whole interaction takes about 5 times longer than if she were to just tap the side a few times .
i 'd love to take these off with my mouth 💦
yo this was not worth me scrolling down here even .
first get porcelain dipper instead of the spark wand to save honey .
always do quests i recommend black bear always take down king beetle because it give over a million every time you beat it always use your honey dispenser if you 're part of the club and try to get a boost in the field your best in
now that you 've typed it out i see that .
just trying to type it here i had to override spellcheck twice .
seems like it would be less trouble to just say queensland as you do .
also the weather in the atlantic is too rough and would break them hence all suggested off shore projects are in the irish sea instead of the atlantic .
that 's the thing i think i enjoy the actual shooting part the most since i mostly shoot landscapes or at least cities i get to be outside a lot which i also enjoy .
thinking about it i have never done much with my photos i print out some in postcard format every year and gift them to relatives since they like to use them as greeting cards etc .
i upload on instagram quite seldom maybe once a month these days simply because i do n't see it as a great platform for my style of photography .
so i think i mostly do it for the practical part as well as having memories from travelling .
although i of course love to share my photos with other people and get nice feedback .
maybe i should just try to find a way to better share my photos to get constructive criticism !
someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
nbsp if you follow any of the above links please respect the rules of reddit and do n't vote in the other threads .
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
it varied a couple of times a week for years but after a crisis i wound up taking 1.3mg per day for several months .
this rumour says the positive feedback led to this .
why would you think for a second that you had a chance of nta on this one ?
did it not occur to you that your ex books that hotel room because it 's the one brief period per month where she can have a moment 's peace and mentally decompress ?
heaven forbid she should ever take even a second to take care of herself after looking after children that are 50 yours ... pull your big-boy pants up pass your fiancé a bottle of advil and get on with looking after your children for 96 hours .
anyway what you have to ask yourself is what can i do for amy k today ?
spam calls essentially i do n't have that many friends and the ones i do i have their number already .
there 's got ta be some effort on the stores part too .
no im crying and shitting myself carl weezer is meant to be alternating rock not low-thigh hip hop ! !
if eso had slightly weightier combat and more weapon options give us 1h+spell already it would smack gw2 about in every aspect except spvp .
what about full bore ricochet rapid hit and multi kill clip ?
i 'll weave more than normal and use my turn signals less in your name .
thankyou for your solid and well reasoned rebuttal this has been a most pleasant exchange .
i was born in '99 and i still used it when i was 12 or something .
idk i was going by the picture sorry i 'm not perfect
again i suggest to go with her and talk to them personally .
reason out with them that what they are asking for might be difficult .
try and help her get a better agreement that is fair in the very least .
i know you want to help your mom out .
i understand she is your mom and i ca n't help the cynic in me .
im biased but this liverpool team is not business as usual and theres a reason every goal gets tons of upvotes .
we are witnessing something crazy and people are appreciating it
allow me to make excuses for anyone who might have been responsible . ''
like 75 of last years major unit releases dfe summonable lrs and f2p lrs were goku units and goku vs character name ddfs are as common as fusions are .
never have i been so insulted by something i 100 agreed with .
and i advice you to check reddit rules of spamming in post.😊
is it stress related for you in any way ?
like if you went through a stressful or traumatic period would the bedwetting get worse for a time until it is resolved ?
what were some of the things your doctors recommended would help and did they work for you ?
for example all their variables are single letters that just screams poor development .
that 's probably the result of the js being run through a minifier/obfuscator .
by this logic they should do the same for 6v6 too .
rami malek did however win an oscar that was arguably undeserved especially in hindsight when comparing his performance in bohemian versus taron 's performance in rocketman so it kinda evens out .
but i agree that both him and especially jeremy irons were snubbed in this case .
they wrote a paper ... . based on what .
did they speak to a survey of restored men ?
noooo ... just made an assumption they were not entitled to make .
you will not have the same sensitivity as your original foreskin granted ... .but you will have lots of sensitivity .
i 'm 3/4 ' covered flaccid and my restoration continues .
i 've retained over my glans for over 2 years .
my glans and inner skin is de-keratinised soft shiny moist and super sensitive ...
so get your motivation back and listen to.people with facts not some crock shit written by a friend who knows sfa about restoring foreskin .
if you 're male you 're probably fine nothing more need be said .
if you 're female im guessing it 'll be more awkward but i honestly do n't know what else you could say that would help the situation .
probably best to say nothing more and move on either way !
how much damage does the scepter deals now at f3 ?
ubisoft about to drop far cry 6 on us out of nowhere with no heads up
i wan na bet only the '90s kids did this .
i am so jealous oh my god they are so cute congrats !
i wish this video was longer he looks so dare i say it fly
i got a where 's george '' dollar one time one that you could trace the serial number to find out where your dollar had been before you had it .
before that it had been spent at a rehab clinic .
before that it had been used at a strip club .
the sound is actually nice🥰 but i 'm really scared of snakes😖
yeah i thought it was a great idea and wondered why i had never though of that honestly .
the coffee soft drink '' episode was pretty cool btw where you make the homemade soft drink yourself .
have you experimented with making a salinated simple syrup as like a one does add-on '' for drinks ?
someone should stabilize the video and play the 2001 a space odyssey monolith music under this .
rom this is where i really realized how much the tone had shifted from hunting beats to wtf is going on am i in a lovecraft story ?
gehrman the way the story ends with the options you 're presented the visuals of the flowers and the music just make this fight such a memorable experience .
in america there 's a centimeter and inch side on a ruler .
friends intro starts playing but only with banjo and some buckets
sorry if i pronounce names wrong i am at work.away from my computer .
i think so but depends on what you look like sans clothes .
if you read through the responses on this thread you 'll see that your answer does n't make sense .
there are big difference in quality of service and fees charged .
i 'm not obliged to simply pay what agents ask for there are some really solid but lesser known alternatives like an on-demand handyman as per earlier reply .
it will do most things including carrying video especially with it sharing the same interface design as thunderbolt 3 but it currently only works over a short distance up to 4m .
ethernet has been proposed as a thing to support directly but i suspect that this is going to be more about connecting locally network addressable peripherals rather than connecting your device to the internet due to distance limitations .
for structured cabling in a building or datacentre environment you take advantage of the relatively long cable lengths a utp/stp can support as runs are regularly up to the 100m mark or longer .
and if you do need more bandwidth i do n't see anything replacing fibre optic cabling any time soon .
a pair of singlemode fibres can run at 1gbit 4gbit 10gbit 40gbit 100gbit and with dwdm and really expensive equipment !
you can squeeze up to 160 signals over the same fibre meaning up to 16tbps over a single pair .
oh and did i mention that at some of these bandwidths the maximum cable length is 40km before you need a repeater ?
cheers for the info it 's good to know that while the theory sounded logical it does actually work that way and getting another set of 4 quad channel should work happily with my 8 slots .
jeg forstår ikke problemet i at hovedstaden støtter yderområderne ...
jeg tror ikke at problemet ligger i princippet om at støtte op men måske snarere i hvor meget man støtter .
i min bog giver det fin mening at kommunerne hjælper hinanden så alle kan tilbyde et rimeligt serviceniveau til borgerne .
så er spørgsmålet bare hvad et rimeligt niveau er og det er vist her at nogle kommuner synes at de der modtager støtte får lidt vel rigeligt .
i have a video of all of them talking to us and saying hello or cursing at us haha on my instagram !
modafinil actually made me tired to thr point i had to sleep it off which was weird .
i do n't think that is a common side effect .
could n't really notice if it helped because i was asleep .
even so the main ability is just bad since now debuff nullifying is getting more into meta with units like baby and zenkai buu
if it breaks the rules downvote this comment and report the post .
ah yes fire force it 's a good anime .
i have the cs2 and it 's a great bag but in reality it only fits 11 or 12 discs depending on how full you want it to be but if you 're like me and you do n't like carrying a lot of discs it 's perfect
solar panels have that little unsolved issue of being bad for the environment suring production and having no real plan for getting rid of .
them once they are dead ... kinda like nuclear waste if not as hard to contain .
then again just containing it wont solve the issue longterm .
now im not saying qe should freak out about them but there is thing that will start comming up at some point we should start tjinking about .
wow what a germanic sounding last name this fine aryan has .
one that only nortjie can climb being the goat that he is
sins are many level the biggest sin is disbelief in god
would n't it be nice if he put that money into senate campaigns ?
the only people that benefit from this is the media companies airing the ads .
so what is the best way to try and get a good deal then ?
a half gallon heated hospital tank is totally fine imo .
i 'm actually doing something very similar with one of my most recent rescues .
poor dude can barely get to the top of 3 inches of water right now
i 'm glad you have him and are helping him recover !
my only suggestion is to stay on top of daily water changes in the half gallon and to maybe add some indian almond leaf tea and or stressguard if you have n't already .
that he 's already swimming around and is more active is very promising !
i 'll admit i 'm incredibly curious about what he has going on .
but i take in a lot of fish in similar states so totally understand not wanting to get into all the details .
back when i was in my early 20s and did n't have a care in the world .
i fell in love with a ps2 game called radiata stories it 's a jrpg where you can collect '' 100 or so friends by doing side quests etc .
it also has 2 paths you can take which change the game completely .
now that i 'm 40 and have a husband 19 month old and am now pregnant with number two life has changed a lot .
my little boy got a battery powered dinosaur that dances and sings .
when we started playing it i recognized some of the music as the same from radiata stories .
brought me back instantly to such sweet memories of being young carefree and just messing around playing video games .
lol you 're saying that u judge from facts and data .
yet all i 've been seeing is whenever you come across some injustice of some sort in this country you will point at badaruddin .
so much for facts and data outcome and intent la.. we can never really know can we ?
i 'm not saying badaruddin for certain does not have anything to do with this but how can one be completely sure ?
especially when you completely dismiss the story on the other powertrip couple elinda hairol .
i 've heard some notorious stories about elinda too btw .
off to a great start on that miami diet mr. reid
good rule of thumb if you and the waiter can completely understand each other while speaking english it 's probably not gon na be great ethnic food .
great traditional chinese food in flower pepper and zoe ma ma .
great fast korean in kim 's on the hill .
great non traditional asian fusion in chimera though i 've only had the ramens and dumplings .
best burger at dark horse or pearl st pub depending who 's working .
i double up twice a week then do single workouts 3 more days .
everyone keeps asking how i stay in shape my answer is usually pizza or beer or something .
nobody in their right mind should believe that 30 years old constitutes daddy status .
my cousin got catch scratch fever from her cat .
incidentally i think the ted nugent song came out in 76 or 77
all top-level comments must be a story or poem .
see reality fiction https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a reality+fiction restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all and simple prompts https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/search ? q=flair 3a simple+prompt restrict_sr=on sort=new t=all for stricter titles
be civil https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules wiki_rule_10.3a_be_civil in any feedback and follow the rules https www.reddit.com/r/writingprompts/wiki/rules
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/writingprompts if you have any questions or concerns .
the more time you spend with god and mediate on his word the less this will be an issue .
i do n't want this to come across as condemning but please try and understand in grace as everyone 's situation is different but when god finally broke me of this addiction he took all of that away from me .
i do n't remember anything i saw at all .
it 's like i unlearned all the freakish stuff i had watched over 20 years .
his grace is there for those who believe and want that .
my desire over the past year has been for nothing but intimacy with him .
i think when you can get a better revelation/perspective on being the bride of christ especially as a guy it really opens up understanding on how the marriage relationship should actually function .
why list the different packs when they 're all the same price per sticker ?
im sorry i dont trade that often does touch trade mean trade and then trade back cause if so that would be amazing .
cs acceptance rate is 25 but still even im shook
i always considered chalion to be a bit in the middle .
it 's not as long as complex but it 's a slower burn and takes a while for the hook
not sure i completely agree although i understand your point .
i mean do n't think that many people got ings abraham and jimenez as the 8th 9th and 10th most valuable players for example ...
i was 10 out of 11 and got vardy as my first pick .
and spotting new talents and reacting to injuries with the last team first on waivers is a nice way of keeping it interesting .
that 's the biggest selling point for me all other seasons i 've played people have stopped caring about this time of the season cause everyone was just having 90 the same teams and increasing points in the same pace .
for as dumb as rubin is he has been educated on what mlk believes .
he is just pandering to his right wing audience .
for as dumb as he is his stupidity isnt his worst quality .
i do n't have to listen to nagging customers .
excuse me mr. amazon sir can i please go to your website and check it out ?
those are minimal bonuses and they can be earned randomly and they are really cheap too again thats not a pay to win feature/lootbox for real if you dont have any real argument atleast search for info and you 'll see tf2 has no pay to win lootboxes cuz the arguments that you have given are not even arguments .
it would be really cool if you made a little sand pond area .
not really but as long as it 's a fair trade i trade regardless of games
meh most people do n't care or already know someone who 's done it at one time or another .
and the people too far removed to tend be the reeee degenerate ! types who would n't bother to learn anything anyway
i know someone who actually accepted weed for a chance and she obviously regretted it within the week .
the guy drove like 300 miles to hit it and give her weed
whenever i see this picture his face says fun .
i would n't necessarily lose faith with them yet as i had n't had the chance to buff them t1 and then buffed the tzaangors t2 so they never got any of the extra survivability coupled with the horrendous grav combo with re-rolling all wounds and damage .
i would interested to hear how any of your games go with them .
in my game i feel that if i'd 've had some anti-tank shooting then those 80 shots could have done some serious damage to infantry .
i agree that duplicity will be really good and might end up trumping magic for mono build due to the mobility .
i wondered about being able to drop either a shooty dread down to try and snipe a thunderfire cannon or two or a helbrute or three !
if you could somehow manage 10 sots 30 tzaangor 3 vindicators a couple of shooty dreads and magnus ... going to be tricky target priority there !
no one is going to be converted by his deplorable cartoons
i would say that yeah definitely at least one person had their beliefs changed by his stuff even if indirectly .
considering that in my experience a lot of alt-right people were originally radicalized by anti-sjw youtube i find it very likely that people are radicalized by rockyeet 's comics since centrists tend to be pretty oblivious when it comes to nazi dogwhistles .
no heat on drivers side while passengers side was hot
their psykic denial abilities is probably one of the most useful ones to pair with ad mech .
they only get a 1d6 to do it but every unit can deny the witch .
sometimes i ca n't farm or my pick axe does n't swing too
for many the game runs smoother now i will say there was an asinine amount of bugs afterwards but they were cleaned up and due to the nature of the update there was no way to avoid them .
they could have patched them out a bit faster though tbh .
a feeling of well-being combined with a tingling sensation in the scalp and down the back of the neck as experienced by some people in response to a specific gentle stimulus often a particular sound .
your post is on the top 3 of hot and has 50 or more upvotes .
since new users may see this post we would like to redirect them to the new user guide https www.reddit.com/r/teenagersnew/comments/c2rx9h/new_sidebar_thing_disregard for them to get a better understanding of our subreddit .
many states in the u.s. do n't allow prisoners even ex-prisoners to vote .
they 'll happily count prisoners as population when it comes time to assign representatives though .
the only two democratic nominees that think current prisoners should be allowed to vote are bernie sanders and andrew yang .
seems like an overreaction to want to leave because a character you made is died off in an interesting and satisfying way .
if you really do n't like how your character that you have n't played in 2 years concluded their story then simply talk to the dm .
and if you 're seriously considering not being friends with somebody over something that is 2 years old then that 's just immature and that 's coming from a 17 year old .
yeah but what if someone puked on the streets ?
wan na know how much the current time rules fucking suck ?
r2 had six 0-0-1 two 1-0 and two 1-0 .
the winner ended up being based on tie breakers where the top 2 both had a 2-0-1 record .
konami is really trying to burn this game down .
over the last decade there 's been no shortage of know-it-alls on forums who love to crap on gibson .
sure they had their bad years i 'm looking at you 2015 !
i have 2 les pauls a standard and a lacquered studio and they 're both a dream to play .
and to prove i 'm not just a fan boy for the big g the studio has a coil split but the split buckers sounds like total crap .
oh yea well i could do this too if i was n't complete trash my garbage teammates did n't keep losing the game for me every time
sometimes they just do like everyone else and give their opinion on a subject they know very little about .
they rarely report anything they just react to the actuality 90 of the time .
they 're obviously gon na say a few things wrong in a 2hours podcast i do n't even blame them .
you just have to be aware that they can be factually wrong just like every human being .
okay so i 'm disabled and out of work .
i stream pretty regularly now and got invited to the twitch affiliate program .
i like the idea of emotes and transcoding but the money not so much unless i can live off of it .
basically i do n't want to make any money unless i know it 'll be substantial because i do n't want my disability payments getting messed with because i made 5 dollars ...
if not cool i 'll just stay non affiliate but if yes then awes9me !
after seeing a good response to a recent bike-searcher i thought i might try my luck here ...
i am very frustrated with the scammers that overrun facebook marketplace and craigslist .
i got in an insanely dumb fender-bender at about 3 miles an hour that ended up totalling my 2007 honda civic .
it was entirely my fault and also pretty lucky if that 's possible .
after flipping my saturn vue in another accident a couple of years ago that one was the fault of an insanely huge tumbleweed though i did n't have collision/comprehensive so i got no money for a new car .
which is all to say i 'm 23 in a job that i desperately need a car and no car .
so far i 've been lucky to have a girlfriend who will let me use her car but that ca n't last long .
i have about 3000 to use to buy a new car and get it registered/inspected/all of that .
i do n't care about looks just reliability and in an ideal world gas mileage .
i realize that at this budget just getting something that drives might be as good as it gets .
i am hoping someone who looks at this sub either has a car for sale around this budget or knows someone who does because so far craigslist and facebook are yielding very little and i 'm tired of dealing with the people there !
i started this online program since winter 2020 and plan to apply for internship after summer .
is there any website for useful for intern job hunting ?
what should i do in order to have better chance to get in especially big n company ?
i 'm currently in open studies and i applied for the bba for fall 2020 .
i 'm a post-secondary applicant as i came from another university so they 'll look at my last 4 courses .
i withdrew from some of my last 4 courses long story but the last 4 completed courses my gpa is 3.5 ...
does anybody know if my w 's have any effect on my application ?
how are my chances of getting into bba with a 3.5 gpa ?
i 've asked an advisor of course waiting for a reply but i trust r/mru users more
gnec media is a leading bulk sms marketing company in delhi ncr providing services like bulk sms emails ivr and much more.we have eight variants in bulk sms service https www.gnecmedia.com .
the most beneficial of all of them are promotional sms where all types of marketing plans events .
i think that starfield will do space suits similarly to power armor in fallout 4 .
space suits in real life require time a certain degree of skill and training to use space suits to their maximum capacity not to mention that space suits require some time for the wearer to adapt to the low pressure and pure oxygen environment they are in .
the power armor is sorta the same concept as well .
would it too far fetched if the space suits were n't an average item to wear ie clothing and armor
we could manage the suits systems like oxygen levels and damage levels similar to the fo4 power armor mechanics
i think this is how space suits will work in game since the whole starfield is hard sci-fi blah blah blah ''
and to point out something old todd howard said the game would be realistic in terms of mechanics but nowhere near close to simulation .
the space suits would the be customizable with different cosmetic and gameplay chnages such as making the helmet rad proof or bullety proof .
what do you guys think space suits will work ?
so this is probably the dumbest post to make in the world but i 'd like some of you guys who may completely understand things that google can not explain ... how exactly do i make sure i profit from the cost ?
that shipping is n't too much or too little ?
would a lot of the cost of the item go to shipping it ?
and do i just write out their name and address and give it to the post office ?
where do y'all get your boxes so it is n't as expensive ?
i 'm in highschool and i 've only come out to my two close friends who are both accepting .
i might come out to everybody but i do n't want to make it a big deal .
pick out the best quality doors for your house .
endless choices from stylex premium doors steel front bathroom panel metal plastic pvc fiber door etc
i have an unnatural penchant to make a post on reddit extremely controversial .
like a couple of hours ago a community for a game which is very well-intentioned but bad in execution kept on complaining about an update coming tomorrow and i shared my views about it .
well about 3 different people challenged me and that thread has more votes than the actual post
it 's been 2 month since i started on swagbucks .
i randomly find 2 or 3 remesh surveys a month on gold surveys .
is there a way to increase the amount of remish surveys i get ?
during what time of the month or week do they pop up on gold surveys ?
does answering about me '' profile questions increase the chance of me getting more remish surveys ?
h2o hand car wash is one of the leading car detailing serving customers in berwick area .
our motive is to provide you with the top quality of full car detailing service at lowest price .
been racking my brain lately and i ca n't seem to find one .
whatever your current goals are know that you can achieve a lot even in the short term !
here is a before and after recording of one of my students who came to me seeking voice feminization .
her voice passed consistently as female after 6 sessions and she has continued to take lessons for feminization of the singing voice .
if you 're looking to make progress on your voice consider booking a session with us !
www.truvoicelessons.com https l.facebook.com/l.php ? u=http 3a 2f 2fwww.truvoicelessons.com 2f 3ffbclid 3diwar1eektsfkq2gcwzmoa624xusfbdqwkj0-fhc4kpupddsifu-wwj4duvczm h=at1exfbl7junjjzcnhtfnbv9tubwexjycl_typmazl3b3h4m36a0fql_bfjq4rtfxuix3_rbqsrzndscfkrsyk9mber2ekenthpqhw-u5_hchu_ekoiip73qwbba0p0jefsdylkk0dwmvdjfrlhtxwdrkzezllzsvbnnt7mdadws
i was wondering if there have been any discussions or logic type things on the significance of the last day that bill murray 's character took place .
i tried to google it but could n't find any .
at the ball he was approached and thanked by so many of the local residents he got the girl he wanted to move to this tiny town that for so long he had hated .
it seems like in his final day he does n't get to save the old man he was trying to save but he catches the kid and the film shows him touching on the lives of many of the local residents with him having an almost otherwise perfect day .
so i 've been playing sims for awhile i 'd say but never come across such an annoying issue .
i 've done anything and everything on fixing this issue and i ca n't seems to fix it .
it 's super annoying my sims wo n't do anything without stopping and looking around with the action what 's happening anyone know a way to fix this ?
i have a cfw switch and i know how to get the ec pid and ivs of a pokemon in a raid .
i have raidsolver on my pc but i was wondering if there was a way to find the seed using the ec pid and ivs on android .
i do n't know if the seed is found using some formula that i ca n't just find but if anyone knows of a way to do it i 'd appreciate the help !
i would like to get info on how the process of hiring a counting company works .
i 've been working on a world made out of a massive mangrove forest .
because of the lack of farmland widespread civilization has n't been able to thrive really only small tribes are able to sustain themselves .
this leaves nature in the forefront of this world .
i 'm wondering if there are ideas or materials that you think would be helpful in creating this world .
i hope this is the right subreddit for this sorry if it is n't .
very similar to some other folks issues but common fixes are n't working .
i grabbed the redecan trainwreck kit and loved it at first .
i ran into some connection problems but i realized i had it on too tight and everything was golden for 2 days .
fast forward and now though the green tip light comes on i get no vapor .
i tried the common fixes a ton and i 've been raising the connection plate to no avail .
i think i may have fried the battery when i accidentally plugged it into my 2.4 amp ipad charger but i only had it on there for like 10 seconds before i realized my mistake .
if that is the case what the heck should i be using to charge it .
the usb charging thing says 500 milliamps but can you even get a usb charger with that low of an amperage anymore ?
i do n't even know if this is the problem but no amount of messing with the plates seem to help .
this next week will be the best week of my life .
and the week after that will be even better .
i am ready to breathe deep and live my life in the present .
hello i have spent 3 hours trying to make a dimension table for my power query .
essentially this is what i have i have 2 queries right now .
is a query pulling a list of serial numbers from a folder with csv reports that contain how many serial numbers are active by month for the last 2 years .
basically how many serial numbers were active each month for the last 2 years .
this report has thousands of serial numbers that are not my companies .
my second query is my list of total serial numbers company wide .
this is also pulling from a folder with 2 years of month by month reports .
this list is larger than query 1 because i am trying to compare how many serial numbers were active compared to how many serial numbers i have total in the company .
i need this because report 1 has some serial numbers that are on contract and others that are not on contract .
i want to be able to see how many of the serial numbers in the first report were on contract that specific month based on the second report .
i 've got both queries set up exactly how i like however i am struggling to create relationships between the total serial numbers query and the total active serial numbers .
my first solution was to make a dimension table .
i did this by taking the total serial numbers report copying it and then hitting remove duplicates. i thought this would make me a list of unique value however it did not .
whenever i try to connect the dimension table serial number list with the two other queries it gave me a columns must be unique error .
i looked and looked and looked and finally just loaded the query into excel and when i did conditional formatting on duplicate values sure enough there were 5 serial numbers that were duplicated .
i went into the power query and started adding steps to play with the formatting like making them all text and making it all upper case that got rid of 2 of the duplicates but there were still more .
why is n't power query removing the duplicates completely in my dimension table ? ?
i just need to know whether the machine in report 1 was in that specific months report 2 .
i may be approaching this completely wrong but i really need help .
i do n't want to waste any more time at work dealing with this lol .
i really appreciate anyone who takes the time to read this .
i am an international student at gt who just got a co-op offer recently .
can i quit after one or two rotations when i find i do not like the company like their management is in a mess or their working environment is so bad ?
will c2d2 impose any penalty on me like cancelling my eligibility for future cpt ?
i just want to make sure that i still have some flexibility even though i better do three rotations to fulfill the requirement .
so far i 've only messed around in sandbox but i 've made a working plane and a couple of rockets that have been launched way off past the mun since i have n't gotten the hang of sas or the node system yet .
my next step is to go through all the tutorials so i can understand what i 'm doing .
my question for you is which mode is the most fun for you guys ?
is it better to dick around in sandbox or to go into science/career ?
i 'm not even sure of the difference between those two just yet .
learn how to play retro games on your android .
learn here to play retro games on android https youtu.be/06lxhwjay7s
and i wonder if they took raids away to help wastelanders work..
in 2016 bernie caught my attention and i thought he was the best candidate but i did n't do anything .
the last few years have been crazy and i 've been disengaged with politics until this past november .
i started researching bernie again and his most recent email made me grab my wallet and donate !
i 'm so excited about this moment and i feel passionate about bernie 's compassion and believe he is the most genuine person !
i 'm excited to continue to do my best to engage with politics over this election season !
anyone want to play let 's talk and plan on this post ...
i 've had some sidi 's for about 10 years that have gotten light use .
they look fine but i know running shoes for example can look fine and be completely worn out .
any rules of thumb in the cycling community for shoe replacement ?
going down the mead rabbit hole i saw a sg to brix formula ... that i 'd like to know .
i 'm making an excel sheet and want the formula
it 's on everything and it is very noticeable and sometimes distracting .
i use it for pc and have n't really tried it on anything else .
lmao the statement this show went downhill '' when it 's literally been the same plot each season just reskinned with different characters/villains .
all you people complaining flash is acting stupid '' in seasons 4 and 5 are you all forgetting episodes in season 1 like when he ca n't even knock out f**king captain cold or weather wizard who literally was able to run away somehow .
or the time when he could n't outrun robotic bees in season 1 episode 18 ?
i feel that season 1 's flaws get overlooked a lot and the later seasons like season 3 4 and 5 are unfairly being criticized and overhated when season 1 also has the same problems .
you put season 1 later on in the series and i guarantee there will be similar complaints instead of it being so fondly remembered .
season 2 was the season where barry was not as stupid because it was stated that he worked alone for 6 months and somehow did n't get killed but season 1 barry is just as much affected by plot armor as barry in seasons 3 4 and 5 .
i have a friend 😍😍😘❤❤💓🤗he is a snek🐍🐍🐍❤😍every morning 🌅🌄i come to his cage in the zoo😤😤and free him🐍😍❤❤i then run home🏃🏃🏠🏠with snek🐍❤😍and search for his 🐴🕳 asshole when i find it 🤗❤💓he hisses 🐍🐍but that 's just his way of saying no homo 🌈🌈🚫🚫 after that i unzip my pants👖👖and get out my 🍆🍆i proceed to put it in his ass🕳😍😍😍💓❤❤❤❤🐍🤗🍆he likes it❤❤❤how do i know ?
? 🤔🤔🤔it 's because he goes unconscious🙄🙄🙄i then fuck him harcore❤😎👌and cum inside🍆🍆🍆🍼🍼i pull out my dong🍆🍆🍆😍❤and wait for him to wake up⏰⏰he does n't wake up like always😞😞😢 so i ca n't thank him😭❤❤😍😍i then run back to the zoo🏃🏃🐀🐁🐂🐃🐄🐅🐆🐇🐈🐊🐋🐍🐐🐑🐒🐙🐜🐓🐔🐟🐠🐕🐖🐡🐢🐗🐘🏃🏃🐎and put him back in his cage😭😢😤😠😡😤and run back home🏃🏃🏃🏠🏠i then take the newspaper🗞📰🗞🗞📰and read it👓📕📕the first page says🗣🗣 '' police searching for an insane snake killer '' 🐍🐍🐍🗡🗡🗡i wonder🤔🤔🤔who could do such thing ? ? ? ?
this is easy enough to check by seeing whose battle lines you have n't unlocked yet .
my list is saber gilles d'eon benkei proto-cu romulus black beard boudica alexander caster gilles hans shakespeare mephisto mozart caster cu kojiro sanson phantom mata hari lu bu spartacus asterios caligula darius bloodaxe hector mordred too new paracelsus babbage jekyll kid gil nightingale geronimo billy hundred faces lancelot saber touta vlad lancer caster gil shinjuku assassin inshun and queen of sheba .
that 's roughly 1/4 of my servants i 've never used .
a 4 hour cool down is n't that long .
who fcuk artirc mokeny ? 1 ? 1 ? 1 🤔🤔🤔 and why do they wan na be stroke 😳😭
it 's with a heavy heart that i ask of your help from california .
my uncle has been diagnosed with stage 3 bone cancer and i have been in search of a rangers hockey fights cancer shirt in size medium but i ca n't find one in my size on any website .
here is the one i was looking at https shop.nhl.com/mens_47_gray_new_york_rangers_hockey_fights_cancer_flanker_t-shirt/t-14602982+o-9106+d-49116275+f-3533933+z-9-4106231476 ? utm_medium=cse cid=score25 s=ak1944nhl-pla sku=9947916 targetid=pla-342960439081 gclid=eaiaiqobchmizfghumot5wiv4sctbh2ikggzeaqyayabegkcufd_bwe
is it possible that they sell it at msg or other rangers stores in ny ?
i would be more than willing to pay cost plus shipping to support him and my favorite sports team at the same time .
i 'm at work and did n't have much time to proofread .
another users post motivated me to finally share my experiences so i wanted to do it now
this will be quite a long post with a multitude of points .
i am giving a heads up but i want to say i really think it is worth the time .
my brother and my best friend passed away unexpectedly in december of 2019 .
it has been the hardest thing i have ever been through and i have been through a few things .
i miss him and i know i always will .
but he gave me a few undeniable signs after he passed .
they all took place within three to four days after his death with the exception of one that happened a couple weeks after .
one i am hoping it will bring comfort to those that lost loved ones .
that it will help strengthen your knowing that they are not gone .
two i am hoping others will read this post and share their experiences of loved ones giving them signs after they passed .
i am going to write the events out in chronological order starting with the first however i am not going to share all of them .
he went to bed and died very shortly after .
my fiance and i were in our house and we were up late as usual .
it was about three in the morning and we heard a pretty loud bang .
i walked out of our room and there was a sign on the wall and it had been pulled off .
not only the sign but the entire nail it was on was missing and the sign was about 6 feet down the hard wood hallway .
we have been together eight years and we have had that sign up the whole time .
we bought a house and moved in about a year and a half ago and it was one of the very first things we put up and it has n't moved since .
the sign had metal grooves/teeth on the back which allowed it to grip the nail very securely .
i never ever say things like this because things like this never happen but i said to my girl i wonder if that was your mom trying to say hi ? ''
i could n't think of a logical explanation and her mom passed about a year ago .
once again not the type of conclusion i jump to .
the words written on the sign were keep calm and carry on . ''
that is the first thing he did to let us know he was ok .
it was n't until the next i learned he passed that i put it together .
two days after he died my mom fiance and i were going through all old photo albums to get pictures to make some photo boards for the service .
out of nowhere apparently my arms begin to curl up i begin shaking i fall on the ground and start muttering in a way that sounded like sleep talking .
they said it sounded like words but they could n't make it out .
obviously my they both flip their shit and call an ambulance .
i come to about 5 minutes later and i 'm sitting on the couch instead of the chair and there are emt 's everywhere .
it was so weird because to me it was like i blinked and then everything was different .
i had a seizure apparently and the weird thing is i have never had a seizure .
when i came to they asked me questions and i was definitely a little out of it .
part of my recent memory was gone but i did know what year it was and the president etc .
what is weird about this is when i came back to all i kept repeating was all i know is i was talking to insert brother name . ''
i kept on repeating that but said i ca n't remember what we talked about .
i have heard people get regression hypnosis done to help recall memories .
i am going to look into it and try it .
i 've never had a seizure as i said and when i came to all i knew is i was just talking to my brother .
ok so here is the one y'all will probably think is the craziest .
three days after he died it was the night before the service .
i was on my way to my dads and we were having a small get together with family .
i rarely ever go on facebook but the one thing i always do check out is my memories .
i check them every day any time i catch the notification .
i should have seen this post once a year the past nine years but the weird thing is that i only ever saw it one time .
that was nine years ago when my brother wrote it on my wall .
they 're our favorite have been for a very long time .
he had posted some tool lyrics on my wall exactly nine years prior to this date .
another weird thing to add here is he rarely used facebook either and if he had ever posted on my wall besides this time it would have been once more tops .
so i 'm on my way to my dads and my girl is driving and i open my memories .
this is what i see from him written directly on my wall .
fetch me the spirit the son and the father .
it 's time now my time now give me my give me my wings . ''
there are just so many weird things about this .
one he was n't religious two he never wrote on my wall three what are the odds ?
i could go on and on and on with my thoughts but i 'll spare you .
i know in my heart it was him telling me it was his time .
i have never believed things were destined to be but this really has me questioning everything .
next is one that may not seem as weird to you but it was a huge one for me .
we were very connected and excusing for being even more woo '' but i just know it was him .
my girl and i got back to my house from cleaning out the apartment .
she got out of the truck and went inside .
as soon as my feet hit the ground there was three very loud owl hoots in a row from the woods across the street .
it sounded like it was so close if it was light the owl would be sitting right at the edge of the woods .
there is more to this but i want to add i absolutely love all animals but i have this weird thing about owls .
like if i could be any animal without second thought it would be an owl .
i have never seen one in real life so i immediately was like what the hell ?
i know you guys were n't there and it 's hard to understand but i immediately just knew it was him .
so i turned to face the woods and began talking to him .
no more hooting the entire time i talked just those three so far .
then the last thing i said was i know you 're here right now but i just want to know that you are n't going to fade away into nothing .
i want to know you 'll always be with me . ''
i began to cry like right after i said it and simultaneously started pivoting to walk towards the door .
as soon as i stopped talking three loud hoots .
just like the first three when i got out .
i took that as him telling me he will always be with me and he wont fade away .
this was the only thing that happened past the four day mark for whatever reason .
my mom and i were driving down the road in my car .
i said mom just remember the words he told us .
remember the message/lyrics he gave us after he died .
then we said something about feeling him around us when we talk to him .
no shit right after we said this the car in front of me changes lanes and now i 'm facing the back of a minivan that has a big tool sticker in the bottom corner of the window .
i absolutely did not see this car or sticker before our little conversation .
i said mom holy shit that sticker is of the band who wrote the lyrics about it being his time and him getting his wings . ''
we just looked at each other like what the fuck .
there is a ton of evidence to support our consciousness goes on somehow without our bodies .
many have had near death experiences where they were clinically dead yet could give doctors emts nurses etc facts about things that were going on they had know way of knowing .
even things that took place on different floors of buildings and totally different locations .
facts people provide after an nde are called veridical evidence .
there is more of it than most would ever imagine and certainly more evidence to support this than it takes to convict someone of murder in a court of law .
there are even numerous universities now that have departments dedicated to this type of thing as well as evidence of past lives .
all of these signs brought me so much comfort .
they gave me a knowing that he is n't gone .
i could never chalk these things up to coincidence .
i hope they help anyone else grieving to know their loved one is far from gone .
once again if you have had any similar experiences please share them with me .
today is the first time i 've seen this and i 'm guessing quite a bit of research went into adding this fee of 0.50 .
once something like this spreads via kroger 's reported financial quarterly statement and other retailers see how much free money that kroger generated you will start to see it all retailers who offer a cash back at the register .
just did n't know where else it should go .
thank you very much for considering me for the position of a job .
however i would like to withdraw my application for the job .
i sincerely appreciate you taking the time out of your day to interview me and to share information on the opportunity and your company . ''
i only see this as apple 's way to 100 push airpods on us by force and make us buy extra charging docks/pads which anyways come with their own cables .
i 'll never understand the hype behind going portless until i can walk into my room and my phone starts automatically charging by only something plugged in without a cable which this concept is decades away from being achieved .
otherwise i do n't see a point in doing this move in our true favor .
edit do n't understand the downvotes as i 'm just stating the truth .
if anyone convinces me that this is a good move then i 'll give you the point but as of now my points still stand .
i 'm sure you all get tons of beginner questions like this so if it 's been answered 100 times could someone direct me to the right page ?
but essentially i 've only ever shot a few rolls of b w 35mm and want to shoot color .
i 've picked up a roll of portra 400 and kodak ultra max 400 but are there any other 35mm still film stocks you 'd recommend ?
i 'm a big fan of lower contrast with nice soft colors but i 'm not opposed to high contrast stuff too .
if you were to get run over by one would it hurt or would it be like a big pillow ?
i 've been using my galaxy s10 with gear vr and have been able to watch 6k videos .
unfortunately i 'll most likely be getting the s20 and it seems like the gearvr support has been dropped .
so i 'm now looking for another vr player that i do n't need to have connected to my computer so i can have more freedom .
the oculus go seems good but it can only play 4k files right ?
so 5.2 broke more than just the guns if you did n't know .
just found out today that the pakwagon is a sturmtiger on panzerstorm and am wondering if anyone has compiled a list something like this for each map
hamada british crocodile sturmtiger and crocodile fixed or inconsistent spawn
i 've been looking for a fat bomb recipe that uses coconut milk instead of heavy whipping cream since i think it would go really well with the coconut oil .
before i try to make it and possibly waste all the ingredients i was wondering has anyone tried this ?
i can not get into a relationship that is all
my best friend decided that she no longer wants to be friends with me .
a few weeks ago she started a huge fight with me to the point where she ignored me for a week .
we work together so she 'd just ignore me at work..the fight was literally over nothing and after we talked she admitted that she just got over stressed with life and work and took it out on me .
i thought we 'd go back to normal but we went from hanging out every day to not having hung out in a month .
i tried bringing it up with her but she pretended that nothing was wrong .
told me she had no idea where my questions were coming from .
she constantly ignored my texts and made me feel crazy for bringing up the fact that we just were n't like we used to be .
i would make plans with her and she 'd canceled last minute .
i do n't have a lot of people in my life and i 've known this friend for over a year she has been there for me a lot .
i 've told her things i have n't told anyone she was someone i trusted the most .
yesterday she finally texted me and told me what was up .
she said she was done with me and that it was n't anything i did .
she said i was n't a bad friend but that she only hung out with me when she was feeling blah and now she 's going to the gym and shit and she 's not feeling that way anymore .
i got really upset and i went off becuase she had been telling me nothing was wrong for weeks and just blindsided me by saying she has n't wanted to deal with me since our fight .
she told me i was acting like a crazy ex boyfriend .
she said that i needed to calm down and that the way i was feeling was n't normal .
i do n't understand why i 'm so sad and angry is it normal to feel this way ?
i trusted and loved the shit out of her but not in a romantic way or anything like that .
i straight up feel broken because i literally have no one now .
i do n't even know what to do at this point .
this long anticipated by some at least podcast has dropped !
my girlfriend is looking to buy a new laptop .
we both do n't know much about this so i 'm hoping to get some help here .
she needs it for her office tasks research excel work and so on but also for working in photoshop and later on probably illustrator .
a desktop pc is n't an option since she needs to be mobile because of said job .
never played a monster hunter game before but i am interested in giving one a try at some point .
i have heard world is a good place to start but from what little i know about it is n't it kind of an mmo of some sort ?
since i would likely be purchasing it on ps4 and i have stubbornly refused to purchase ps i would have to play it solo offline .
is that still a good way to get into playing these games or is there a better option ?
if brock samson from the venture brother had to fight 1v1 from weakest to strongest and never tiring every dc character to the death who is the strongest character he kills the most times out of 10 times before the next person kills him the most times of 10 times ?
i 'll start off by saying tim sykes oozes with the demeanor of a complete charlatan .
i really was n't interested at all in him until seeing him do a panel along-side a bunch of economists talking about what to expect from the next recession .
he was obviously all talk but he did talk a big game and some other arm-chair paper traders in the comment section were defending his strategy which compelled me to give his strategy a test drive .
i obtained a course that he released around 2006 and my god what a fucking embarrassment .
regardless of how much his curriculum has changed since then his ego has n't changed a bit .
and i 'm led to believe even that is a stretch because his current philosophy that he gives away in his webinars still parallels everything he talks about in his 2006 courses .
there 's honestly not a whole lot to say content wise so this is gon na be structured more as a rant .
first off his organization is abysmal and he rambles .
i could n't tell if i had accidentally downloaded a 9 hour promotional webinar or an actual course .
i could only handle so much so by the time i hit part 2 began skipping small chunks .
just like the first part nothing but unstructured talking and not-so humble bragging .
part three was again the same shit with a different coat of paint .
his teaching presentation process seems to be a perpetual introduction .
even as the course came to a close there was still so much third person type language as if he 's afraid to be explicit about how his technical analysis or stock screening really works .
from the screening side of things his strategy is centered around small cap stocks that are seeing lots of volume .
he 'll often refer to this golden hour of trading which tends to be more toward the end of the day .
the technical side of things are stupid simple hell trade the with the trend on bear and bull breaks using support and resistance as key levels .
he says the big boys do n't trade small cap stocks so it 's easier to make money because you 're playing against smaller fish which tends to make for more explosive moves and if you follow my ‘advice ' you 'll have the edge against the noobs or something along those lines
why do i think he 's full of shit then ?
despite how that strategy may sound just like every other strategy it has its pros and cons .
he also seems to structure the course as a selling point for his system in tandem with his alert service .
if this course was worth a damn i 'd have some idea/concrete criteria along with a logical flowchart or checklist to practice and refine my skills within this strategy .
because i want to say brutal feedback but i 've had a hard day and i do n't think i can deal with more hard knocks .
i am doing my best to research titles seo and get more product up .
but with seo it 's confusing because i am competing with like 8000 other people for 300 searches .
only so many ways to say beaded spider necklace .
i think my titles are ok according to marmelead .
but i 'm ranking at a b so definitely room for improvement .
i am working on product but i wo n't have 100 listings any time soon .
pics are honestly the best i can do without specific feedback on improvement .
i use only natural high desert light and neutral backgrounds .
i put a heartfelt sharing essay on the about the shop area .
i 'm active as hell on facebook and sorta active on other social media .
the one sale on etsy left a 5 star review .
maybe a few you are doing this right '' to soften the blow ?
seriously it 's been a bad medical news kinda day .
oh and emergency vet and fighting with spouse for good measure .
just got tickets and wondering if anyone would wan na meet up or somethin
i dont think the extra 3 days rest could have prevented injury considering he 's been carrying the floating bone and the stress fracture .
thanks for your contribution you 've really given me a lot to think about .
in 90 of cases this is just a 4/6 that deals 10 to the enemies board ''
bicycle craft brewery on industrial road periodically does a jalapeño beer .
maybe but that evens it out because the actual fight would be one sided in cc 's favour
while i have n't dated much i have had plenty of friendships with girls without ever being truly attracted to them obviously i can think some a pretty but nvr actually developed feelings for them .
also regardless if ur dating someone that makes u cut ties with a friend in general th hat person is an asshole and that 's a toxic relationship in my view .
yeah i saw that i had a drops a 6 link weapon organ '' but i did n't realize it was going to be unique or give me two of them .
also i was just pumped because this is the first time i 've ever found a six link item besides a tabula risa .
i ca n't afford to 6-link my own gear yet
he 'll make that ass chewing so bad the witnesses will tell stories about it for ten thousand years .
i have a friend 😍😍😘❤❤💓🤗he is a snek🐍🐍🐍❤😍every morning 🌅🌄i come to his cage in the zoo😤😤and free him🐍😍❤❤i then run home🏃🏃🏠🏠with snek🐍❤😍and search for his 🐴🕳 asshole when i find it 🤗❤💓he hisses 🐍🐍but that 's just his way of saying no homo 🌈🌈🚫🚫 after that i unzip my pants👖👖and get out my 🍆🍆i proceed to put it in his ass🕳😍😍😍💓❤❤❤❤🐍🤗🍆he likes it❤❤❤how do i know ?
? 🤔🤔🤔it 's because he goes unconscious🙄🙄🙄i then fuck him harcore❤😎👌and cum inside🍆🍆🍆🍼🍼i pull out my dong🍆🍆🍆😍❤and wait for him to wake up⏰⏰he does n't wake up like always😞😞😢 so i ca n't thank him😭❤❤😍😍i then run back to the zoo🏃🏃🐀🐁🐂🐃🐄🐅🐆🐇🐈🐊🐋🐍🐐🐑🐒🐙🐜🐓🐔🐟🐠🐕🐖🐡🐢🐗🐘🏃🏃🐎and put him back in his cage😭😢😤😠😡😤and run back home🏃🏃🏃🏠🏠i then take the newspaper🗞📰🗞🗞📰and read it👓📕📕the first page says🗣🗣 '' police searching for an insane snake killer '' 🐍🐍🐍🗡🗡🗡i wonder🤔🤔🤔who could do such thing ? ? ? ?
cool when i 'm at the computer next i 'll look at it then .
yeah i did n't expect to see her grow so much but i guess it makes sense estelle had her turn in fc joshua in sc so it was her turn .
they could n't just keep us hanging after 3rd especially after seeing her door .
if something is wrong with it i should be able to take it back to sti .
nute gunray enty is awesome she cant do that ... . can she ? ''
although grim and akagi-chan sleeping together is definitely adorable keeping her is a slam dunk .
it looks like it 's not in good condition .
i happen to have quite a surplus of crippling doubt .
if we are responsible for keeping our own salvation i assure you we are all damned .
to say we can lose our salvation is a massive misunderstanding of what jesus did on the cross .
i can also change the name if ya want .
i wash and take my avocado with me whole and slice when ready to eat .
says the guy who gave him the drugs that led to his death ...
i hear ya but soras simpleness has grown on me mainly because its turned into a joke between us and the developers .
hes stupidly happy and like you said completely unself motivated to the point where this just is n't his story .
the only problem i have with this is that his keyblade prowess does n't make sense since he has no drive to be skilled other than to help others out .
i get sora is the observer to the story but the only time he had significance to the plot was when he briefly became a heartless in the first game therefore giving us the nobodies and new combat tech for kh2 .
i think they wasted the opportunity with riku being the dark complex character but then again the initial basis was for a disney/square cross up game for kids
r/videos requires that your account be older than 7 days in order to submit content here .
this is a spam-prevention method and can not be waived .
please feel free to submit once your account is over 7 days old .
you may also want to consider our minimum karma requirement of at least 10 of each type explained here https reddit.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/204511829-what-is-karma so that you do n't run into any further issues .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/videos if you have any questions or concerns .
also you 're a freshman so please leave this sub until like junior year
i wonder how many new followers she got due to this specific post .
they would n't have any guests if they randomly beat the shit out of many of them .
there 's a special place in the special place in the gulag for people like you
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
please do not message us about this we will probably mute you and move on with our day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's says it would get the game and you needed to pay 21.99 to get it .
idk i think the heat could definitely use a experienced vet like cp3 who 's still balling at this age .
miami depends a decent amount on young guys like herro nunn and bam .
but his contract and injury issues make it hard to justify giving up any serious assets .
and then they are also blocked from 2021 free agency by taking him on which i think is the real reason they refuse to trade for him .
yea but i mean the other warriors have to stay above the dps but below the current tank while the dps have to not only stay below the current tank but all the tanks in queue .
some of the more casual guilds wo n't even use threat meters so they 'll literally have no idea where they are and if you have a tank in queue who is n't generating much threat or a dps going balls out they 're going to wipe .
advanced stats are more valuable when looked at over a large sample multiple games .
the problem when you do it during an individual game is while they could have been generally good they may have had some gaffs that led to goals against or whatever .
might be worth cashing out i feel a celtics win coming
s t a c c c i n g w i z a r d
lots of people that ca n't get out of their own way over there
a muslim ca n't says things are better than or even comparable to god including gods attributes laws of conduct and creations .
same with addressing hillary and nancy as umm chelsea and ‘sister pelosi '
i 've mostly been giving away all my scorbunny 's .
got a lot from trying to get a shiny lol
i thought i was the only person who just kept watching on repeat .
every tells me i 'm crazy but i just love the show .
can we kill whoever was holding the camera to take this picture ?
this camera angle is fucking atrocious and definitely intentional .
you do n't fuck up a picture this badly on accident .
i 'm not really into cyberpunk but all those dystopian scifi tropes i know just keep falling into place .
just because you pay taxes does not mean that you ca n't enjoy life .
in general if you do n't have a setup prepared putting them on the top of a set of stairs is usually good especially if you plan to hold near those stairs works well with a shotgun they 'll have to peek out of cover and get close to the jammer to remove it in most cases .
usually twitch drones struggle to remove those if they drone from bottom of the stairs too .
we 're currently looking at homes and i get this feeling .
it feels like a huge decision and we 're trying to be very cautious .
i 'm done you fundamentally do n't understand these concepts and i do n't feel like explaining further .
or the one who advocates for sjw suppression of speech .
yes ... look at that darumaka ... is a beast with 5ivs and jolly nature .
but more than half of them are just bad because of the damage output .
i do n't think a season 2 will happen because the only reason most light novels get animated is because it is promoting the light novel .
i 'm not on pc but based on what i 've seen on this sub i feel like some people have little to no experience with hackers and some people are constantly bumping into hackers .
i do know there 's hackers that have been around since launch that somehow are still doing it
its gon na suck for like three days but then it 's amazing .
the lost city of z a couple of years ago was great .
about the life of percy fawcett and his brazil explorations in the early 1900s .
beautiful existential movie with a great supporting turn by robert pattinson .
one of the more overlooked movies of that year 'cause amazon fucked up the release as usual .
edit as far as columbine i do n't know about other people involved..
i just knew both their prom dates and i 'm not disclosing what they said ... it 's just fucked that people .
would get ink glorifying what happened without knowing all the facts .
i have a close friend who was in a classroom while cats were getting shot .
and he would have more to say than i .
2019 porn hub review did n't have interracial in the top 20 most viewed yet it 's about 50 of pornhub now
i 've texted them a lot never had the courage to call .
coastal elite is just a disparaging buzzword to mean democrats these days .
that 's what i thought but would that just make the dogs be quiet like that ?
i wo n't lie those training missions with those three are hard !
i thought for a second i would be safe in my little corner of the us but then remembered i just traveled to new york for the first time in my life 2 days ago
you are describing to a t what many others have described who escaped or survived an attack the dog thing especially and a getaway bike .
sure it could have been someone else but i find it completely within reason to suspect it was him just fucking around looking in windows and around garages in the middle of the night to re-live some of his glory days as the ons/ear .
i do n't blame you one bit for moving even at the time not knowing this guy lived near you .
extra food to with the fish 2 in 1 hunting and fishing trp
just looked it up and i do n't think so thank you though !
i 'm not saying everything was golden nor am i saying that everything is garbage now .
what i 'm saying is creating games used to take serious investment even the crappy ones so there were far fewer .
now every 12 year old with some spare lemonade money can push a game to steam after a week of flailing in the editor so there 's much more crap seeing the light of day .
good games still take time to craft but the crap can be pumped out that much faster .
there are around 2 dozen games released per day on steam the last time i checked .
if i were a betting man i 'd bet the signal to noise ratio has dropped severely .
how do you even book a flight this early ? ?
it wo n't even let me search for flights that far out lol
i mean 70 minute items need to be good .
if they were any worse would you really make an inventory slot for them ultra late game ?
also i guarantee that drow would have killed tb just as quickly even if she didnt have an apex but a rapier/daedalus instead .
drow is a direct counter to that juicy agi dependant armor that tb has
azm will almost certainly take the fall unless they shock everyone and have qq retain which seems extremely unlikely .
they 've been booking her stronger than they have in the past but she 's still clearly lower on the totem pole than utami and momo are .
haha all my phone calls with nmom were like that .
i used to put the phone down on my desk and continued with my tasks .
i could even make completely irrelevant remarks like oh the bird is pink '' and she would n't even register .
you 've got to either specialize or be really good at what you do since competition from people in lcol areas is cutthroat .
i am taking it in an elf tribal land destruction direction !
because who needs lands when you have mana dorks paired with radhas ability .
elf tribal creates tons of easy synergy 's going wide or tall with a nice splash of token generation .
even mana dorks can be threatening with any sort of creature pump !
a decent gr elf tribal is also surprisingly budget take a look at my rough draft of a list !
try and look at your recent worlds if you have n't joined too many since you lost it
but mnuchin reminding us on deal day dropped markets at close .
you cant claim a fact as an opinion in order to exonerate yourself from criticism
ai n't that the forge world one tho i know forge world is a gw company but you still call it fw
so regardless of my opinion which is very negative i can not be anything but against it .
man i remember despising him when he was in that gladiator movie
i still do n't really like him or his performance but i can see that he 's a good person oh well
hey happy cake day bro i brought some lemon pound cake
if you 're on ps4 you can force close the app immediately after death and respawn in without losing progress .
as for leveling level up all your weapons and armour to rank 5 you can do this easily by exploring adventure modes after getting up to the boss checkpoint on story mode .
play normal for hardcore as rewards on change when it comes to the final boss .
your submission has been removed because it contains a keyword from the list of banned titles .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/technicallythetruth if you have any questions or concerns .
hey some of those 5.11 non-cargo pants are tough and comfy too without looking too overtly tacticool !
the 3 elastic blend is great for my larp class drills
but yeah these weak/fat bodies are a fucking embarrassment .
thousands of men out there and only a handful look like anything but half-ass dopes or brain-damaged tough guy wannabes
and jesus does this guy have 10 mags on him ?
grabpay card is dead before it even started for everyone
i 've done a few playthroughs i think the highest level ever was mid 70s .
usually i do rifle focused characters but this time i 'm using pistols .
when i was a kid our bin was a plastic bag on the door handle
why not cache the characterstats component at the top of the loop to make this whole block more readable ?
star wars and star trek where propably the biggest influences in my childhood .
characters like kirk and luke skywalker where some of my biggest role models back then .
another huge influence was knight rider with michael knight being a role model to me .
this is my current plan ffbeequip https ffbeequip.com/builder.html ? server=gl c653e0e0-3c1f-11ea-9017-9d2369e0739c imgur https i.imgur.com/cev6k4g.png
this team should allow for a relatively cheesy '' strategy where you just skip the entire trial by otkoing both parents .
this should be the rotation if all goes according to plan
the units should be guaranteed to survive every turn except for turn 1 .
even in the worst case scenario on turn 4 where both slaps hit the same unit and every jr explodes everyone should still survive .
now the only thing i 'm missing to try out this strategy is an ignis .
so no anc and at 180 well i 'd rather buy the weirdly named sony ones .
i 'd legit buy an entire expansion just for the cosmetics if i liked their designs and if enough effort went into them .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
i dont know you tell me i havent done this or even thought about it in that form .
why would n't you have to do jaeger quests ?
if i have to get huge scars so does everyone else '' .
i am not saying they will be meta but they can top quite few times maybe ... dunno .
but i would n't be surprised if that actually happened to her .
but yes pavard is doing well at rb and is probably better than odriozola there atm .
posts like this belong in the daily discussion thread http www.reddit.com/r/cubers/about/sticky .
masking tape i assume that 's what you used to get the stripes is very very useful .
however to get the most effect out of it it 's very crucial to go over the edges to make sure it seals up as well as possible so no paint will creep underneath the tape and smudge the edges .
there are a lot of ways to do this but my personal favorite is using either a pen or one of those pencil grip things that automatically made you the hottest shit on the block if you had one in the second grade on either a pencil or some 3/8 in dowel to get the air bubbles out by rolling it along the edges of the masking tape the pencil grip is better in this situation as the rubber means the pressure is more evenly distributed over the tape especially on an uneven or curved surface unfortunately for really tight areas it does n't really work and fingers will have to suffice .
however the above method becomes null and void if you do n't observe a vital rule the less paint the better .
you will save weight a little money and a whole hell of a lot of headache if you go easy on the spray paint plus your plane will look better in the end which is always a good thing .
i use an airbrush to paint stuff but the techniques carry over decently well to rattle cans an airbrush just giving you substantially more control and color variety .
the number one thing i see a lot of noobs do which results in runny ruined paint is too much paint applied from too close .
rattle cans work the best when you put approximately 15-20 inches between what you are painting and the can as this distributes paint with less density over a larger area making it less likely that a lot of paint will build up in one area and cause it to run .
additionally never try and finish your color scheme in one go as this runs the risk of the tape you are using to mask off areas being sogged with wet paint which will quickly destroy the adhesive and cause the paint to creep .
it is much better to apply paint in several light coats and my go-to baseline for foamboard is four with the brown ft foamboard and especially the newer maker foam you can cut this down a bit and actually the stuff takes spray paint quite nicely but for the bog standard foamboard you get at dollar tree that has no water resistance whatsoever you will want to be as conservative as possible .
i did some experiments some time ago to determine whether plain foamboard versus painted foamboard had any differences in how hot glue adhered to them and the results were quite negligible leading me to the conclusion that it 's better to do all your painting before you have even started assembling the airplane !
masking off flat surfaces is always going to be much easier than curved ones and so determining your paint scheme before you 've built the airplane is a must in my book .
things have no brain no systematic method of searching for food .
seer looks like a watergun and the kuva seer slaps cheeks so pick a bright evergy color and squirt all over your enemy
i 'm more curious as to the foundation of the tojo clan and omi alliance to an extent .
a ultimate prequel showing the traditional and humble beginnings of the yakuza .
first time i killed a thumbo it did n't even fight back .
2nd time i though it would be the same but it turns out if you use hand guns they fight back .
now back then i did not know if you use sniper you can attack any animal st max range with no risk of it figthing back .
thats the first pair of tits that i would truly call perfect
i mean is it about fannying about on the internet while driving or is about just driving like a prick ?
it seems half the other drivers here are on the phone .
i leave the house around the same time as a neighbour a middle aged woman who just speeds off into the distance recklessly through other villages .
shins simple song is another top song in the himym soundtrack .
the scene in the last episode of s8 goes so we 'll with it .
shit i wish my dad had my back that good
oh i do n't think it 's any thing to worry abbbbbbbb
i have a vilis prerelease foil i got him while stabbing mark rosewater 73 times in the abdomen
the newsreaders i mean since they are volunteers from discord .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
unfortunately your comment has been removed because your reddit account is less than 5 days old or your comment karma is less than 5 .
moderators will review your comment and put it back up if it is appropriate .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/surgery if you have any questions or concerns .
! he has this whole new shtick about humanity being unsaveable and monsters being the only ones who still retain the possibility being given salvation .
! his character is still messianic just not for humans .
sort of like moses while you are not a jew but a canaanite .
if she focused the shot on her nose the rest of her face would be blurry
us/uk teams get stomped because other than the occasion where they get like 1 japan player it 's those two nations versus alllll the rest .
say what you like about us lineups but a full of xm-1 's and b they are nowhere near as versatile as the dozens of vehicles they have to face up .
i believe i am fundamentally good person but i still occasionally curse pirate and steal chocolates from my wife 's chocolate box .
that was so disappointing when it came up i was thinking here weeee go but then 10 seconds later it was only a new topic
lol i hear that man well let me know when you 'd be available to trade for the armor set .
i 'll be on and off during the day but will be available to jump online at any time
that 's why we have n't met howland in the books .
you 're paying to test the game for them .
let that sink in the next time you make a 1000 word essay on r about the state of the genre .
i could n't hear what she said at the end .
cheetah while playing at the end i could kill you if i wanted.
yeah i understand that but i just bought a ton of plants other extra things to complete my house now i got ta put some stuff away in storage sucks .
if i knew i would 've saved my sim cash for something else i do n't wan na keep it in storage you know ?
be sure your thread opens up conversation maintains a positive atmosphere that encourages users and yourself to participate .
here are some tips to help create a well rounded post
provide context in the submission text that directly relates to the title .
open up conversation for users to comment it helps to ask leading questions .
a post can be as mundane or extravagant as you like but it must have enough substance to spark ongoing conversation .
if you 'd like to edit your post with the above tips please message the mods letting us know you did so we can help you get it approved .
if you have any questions we ask that you message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/casualconversation subject=my submission was removed message=i have a question regarding the removal of this submission 28https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/comments/eroex6 29 .
rules https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/rules etiquette https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/w/etiquette prohibited posts https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/prohibited subreddit directory https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/directory support https www.reddit.com/r/casualconversation/wiki/support message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fcasualconversation
the illness '' aspect almost always misleads people in this situation .
oh fuck off dude not everyone is browsing this atrocious site 24/7 so a repost here and there wont hurt especially if its news that most wouldnt deem that important as it wont raise to the top much .
this is beneficial to people like me who didnt have the slightest clue this was coming back while the only downside to you is that you 'll have to use your poor little fingers to scroll down a little more .
i should have looked for the username on the whoosh post.. oof to me
i was sure that tony would shit all over ksg after listening to it a few times .
it 's imo the most overrated album to come out in recent memory
secret and vici are definitly better than nigma in my eyes .
if nigma evolves the same way they evolved through minor they can definitly get 3rd
the original jizzus probably started this degeneracy before most of the current userbase was even born
i am pretty allergic to cats have ended up in the hospital from not being able to breathe a multiple times because of them but taking claritin d each day helps and i just keep the cats out of my bedroom .
i also got allergy shots for years which helped tremendously and they really do n't hurt much at all nothing like immunization shots .
i had to stop getting them due to heart issues and after i stopped i realized how much worse my allergies became again .
it really depends on how much you are willing to do for the cat .
i developed allergies after already owning cats so it was a big adjustment but it is worth it for me since i love my cats .
also if a cat is confined to one room that room will be a lot worse for your allergies since everything is stuck in the room compared to if the cat was able to roam the house so keep that in mind .
some cats just need a lot of attention from humans or other cats or they get bored .
i can tolerate being around cats as long as i am careful about washing my hand right after and not touching my face at all before i do and also making sure to change my clothes if i get cat fur/dander on them .
also making sure to vacuum very often helps a lot .
cat allergies suck and i 'm sorry that you have them i hope everything goes well !
also i found that my cats love playing with the little plastic balls that have bells inside so they jingle .
that can keep them entertained for awhile so it is worth it to try it as long as you 're okay with hearing some jingles
edit another thing if you were thinking about maybe letting her roam a bit more i would advise just not letting her in the areas where you spend most of your time like your basement since your work there and for sure not your bedroom .
well that 's true so lshz is my personal preference because i 'm pretty accustomed to play with them and find that 5th class neck thing saves my life on several occasions
a hundred tons of painite and i got 13 for it !
not a mobile game where rng chooses what characters you get instead of yourself
and yet still more expensive then the super highway and teleporter .
parking an scout at any important wharf or whatever station is cheap too .
even parking an m in any sector is n't impossible and usually enough for most things you want to do there .
teleporting to those beacons/placeholders makes this more of a cheat then jumpdrives ever have been .
but they would have been way easier to balance or to get decision making involved .
like use something else as fuel exponentially increase cost with range 30/10/5min jump cooldown and 5/3/1 min no shield/weapon/boost/halved speed after jump for xl/l/m no jump for s only short range for m jump inhibitors in enemy sectors/stations/capital ships/missiles .
make them a variant engine or accessory which costs a lot and costs depending on ship size change these numbers for races less jump cooldown for teladi less combat cooldown for paranid .
pick one or all of this change the numbers around if you think they are too low or high .
did you ever submit this as a banner photo ?
please remember to flair your post and tag spoilers or nsfw content .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/witcher if you have any questions or concerns .
i 've only played on console and i 'm genuinely curious .
especially when it was with the gf and not solo
i literally got 3 seconds in and had to turn it off .
yuhua would never subject us to something like this .
also fuck the internet that 's a part of why today is so fucked up .
shit any goblin would take no matter into enslaving you to death if it meant business .
remember that goblins on kezan regularly have trolls as slaves and in the early zone you go around asking for protection '' money and killing people that piss you off .
they are the kind of mafia boss evil thought it could easily take different turns .
blackfuse is the mercenary that followed garrosh and the one basically responsible for the tech advancement of the iron horde .
razdunk is probably the most quoted and referred character since classic as the president of the venture co and is the ruthless businessman kind of person .
reminds me of my summers in greece as a kid .
yea i went through building my 'add everything ' spec v90 only to find the 'invalid address ' statement .
these are the same laws as in the uk they really have n't affected much other than max nic content in salts .
you simply buy a 60ml with 0mg and mix in nic shots the shop will include .
i refuse to follow anyone for recipes that does n't give a long detailed life history along with said recipe .
but if you are going to repost a meme wait a little bit longer
i thought it would have been cleaned up in the autopsy .
i just want to hear both sides i do n't want to just hear my own opinion and be stuck with it .
it 's 100 true that coconut has antibacterial properties but yeast is not bacteria ...
truth is that actually he has low tolerance to alcohol ... but also low ability to say no '' .
also most unfamous case kharkiv the guilty party was military bishop głódź himself known to be a hard head who invited kwaśniewski to drink aboard the state plane .
an unofficial streaming site lied about being censored ! ?
it 's not the right place to post it .
and that other buff in stupid ass amount of credits per hour from mining .
i think half a year ago i tried to log into the game coulnd't figure out how to get out the system i was in lol .
aside from being mostly beautiful san diego has all the diversity entertainment great food and beaches that la has but with less weird people and people in general .
if you ever visit i highly suggest you check out coronado for the beach drive over the bridge !
but the silver strand route is also beautiful mission beach for belmont park north park/hillcrest for cool restaurants/coffee shops etc. downtown for nightlife and great restaurants balboa park for the museums and just the absolute beauty that is balboa park seaport village for a nice day by the ocean lots to do and eat there ...
graciously traded to me by u/dongjung on this subreddit .
hatched tonight by me while breeding for natures that 's why its nature is unfortunate .
i 'm currently level 54 only started playing this season last week .
my bad im hunting down witcher gear diagrams and really only half paying attention at best
it wasnt till my early twenties when i went back to it after years that i felt the cringe properly .
now in my 30s jar jar and the battle between the gungans and trade federation is the only thing i dont like .
you mean i get to play byleth in smash and see more hentai of her as a result ?
i hate it when her child pissed in my tea
that sounds a lot like sexes found in chromosomes i belive it said genders ...
in beijing urban for 30/mo you can get 500/30 asymmetric fiber to home plus up to four 4g sim cards with 40gib data plan four cards combined speed will get limited to 3g after 40gib
also there are some gigabit plans but uploading bandwidth somehow are limited to 30 as well
its much much safer on 16 delta es nq bullish put spreads .
doing it on solo stocks hurt me last yr shop goog amzn roku hurt on the call side but those were condors .
put spreads would have been ok. this yr ive done maybe 10 bearish call spreads mostly tsla and amzn but over 100 bullish put spreads by now .
in general you 're better of with 45 dte selling at 50 profit like tastytrade recommends .
srs i was about to post this but you beat me to it .
edit never mind i ca n't do better than this piece of gold
they can respect the law or become enemies to the country from within .
the last part of your comment made me laugh 😂
this dream where it has multiple variations but the same concept .
i start swinging on something and out of my control it keeps getting higher and higher even when i want it to stop eventually i get so high up in the air i fall out of the seat and go flying forward at mach 10 .
why are you so worried about a guy polishing his sword ?
people calling for slow gameplay are n't boomers retard have you played quake ?
he said there 's nothing radical about doing what other countries have done decades ago .
it 's like if i asked you why milk is so expensive and you answered that godzilla is a black drag queen .
it 's a random non sequitur that has nothing to do with anything .
well to be fair when i first saw it i thought it was probably multiple people combined
arkansans gathered in little rock this morning to celebrate the life and legacy of dr. martin luther king jr. good to see so many friendly faces on this important occasion .
i do n't think germany extorted mlk at all if i 'm recalling correctly
if someone is presenting themselves as something they are not is n't that a bit fraudulent ?
i have n't seen midsommar and was just bringing up independent films so i ca n't speak for it so i should n't have but that 's on me .
really want to see both knives out and uncut gems
i have a gut feeling that opening packs is basically an ea scam should i stick to auctions ?
i was a bit surprised that the article itself did n't refer to official ambiguity .
i guess a more precise phrasing would be i 'd like to seal up everything that is n't the port '' .
i think at this point i 'll probably just caulk up all the seams for peace of mind about all this .
my head says do n't trust my heart says i feel too guilty not to trust .
i tried that my sister actually took her in for about a year but she ended up destroying every crate even the alcatraz ones .
she destroyed the house and ended up attacking my sister and her dog .
she ca n't live at my gparents bc she does n't like men and will kill the 13 yr old poodle .
it was extremely hard trying to find responsible owners or shelters for her to go to as she is super aggressive towards any animal and is racists towards people .
trust me i love this dog so much it breaks my heart but from having experience with working years in a dog shelter i realized that she will be put down if she goes anywhere .
pupper is a staff mix who i got from a kill shelter that originally was found beaten up dying on the streets covered in dog fight scars she came from a bad environment and went straight to another one .
so sad she was set up for failure and now has to be the one getting the brunt of it all .
ugh sry for rant she 's just my baby and it hurts bc i ca n't do anything
i see texas ranger and i think walker so that 's my answer .
but was n't sure what i 'm looking for .
thank you ksawio237 for your submission i do n't recommend looking at the replies !
unfortunately it has been removed for the following reason s
statements like firetrucks are red '' or circles are round '' are not technically the truth .
as a rule of thumb if your submission is easily predictable or literal it 's most likely not technically the truth .
if you 're not sure if your submission fits the sub please either send us a modmail http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftechnicallythetruth or check our subreddit 's top posts .
for more on our rules please check out our sidebar http www.reddit.com/r/technicallythetruth/about/sidebar .
if you have any questions or concerns about this removal feel free to message the moderators http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ftechnicallythetruth .
please link the post so our moderators know what you would like reviewed .
but due to the path 12.2 i believe it 's way slower to level everything to combat skill abuse .
when the steven universe community almost drove a girl to suicide for a drawing with the main character and there mom together for lore reasons they couldent exist at the same time and a lot of people sent hate mail and threats
yeah i know i just do n't want to be anymore .
i went to make cookies and i did n't have a full stick .
i actually have seen the video before and by coincidence it showed up in my recommended .
i 'm currently trying to master the 3-2 zone .
sometimes it 's nearly impossible for my opponents to score and other times i give up a shit ton of 3s
yes as opposed to reading on a smartphone or tablet .
no one respects those and they 're not nearly as pointy as a 300-page book .
please be careful i know that feeling of dropping hints or making jokes but i did it too but if you 're not safe think your parents would beat you or kick you out you should try to control it please stay safe
that sucks hope he can spend the rest of his life in peace .
unpopular opinion people start things by saying unpopular opinion '' to try to avoid controversy even when it 's a popular opinion
they need a co plete mayhem overhaul and lots of balancing before they raise the lvl cap .
game is too easy at the moment and having 10 or more extra skill points will make some builds that are already freaking overpowered even better .
im fine with level 50 for these skill trees it works out pretty good and it gets a little brainless with too many skill points did n't liked this in bl2 or 1 either
this is definitely what the 24/7 needed to step away from the goofy antics of the great chase for awhile and be more serious '' .
hopefully they let mojo run with it for awhile just stomping any fool that tries to take it .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search ? q=title 3aportland 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on rss feed for notifications .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/search.rss ? q=title 3aportland 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
note you must enable nsfw search results https i.imgur.com/a3i5xq2.jpg in your preferences https www.reddit.com/prefs on the web site for search to work in apps as well !
read this https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/comments/a12zza/metapsa_one_does_not_simply_ban_trolls 1 https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/about/sticky ? num=1 and this !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
i think the exhibit for the expo ended but they always have something good in their display space .
do n't forget about this stupid on the nose dialogue exchange between bb-8 and rey .
because it was never about the actual victims or making anything better it 's about the performance .
trillian and zaphod from hitchhiker 's guide unfortunately arthur does n't have a beard but it looks like zaphod does
https twitter.com/fed3m https twitter.com/fed3m im almost certain this is him
he is a talent being fucked with and wasted when there are plenty of good stories to do with him before he retires .
i 'm not sure i can say much about whether the combo is that great or not as the meta has n't really shaped out but i think that having 8 blood moon effects in the 75 may be too many as they are n't great in duplicates .
maybe change the 4 in the side to be land destructions spells or some other side board piece of disruption ?
also i think a 2-2 split of blood moon and magus may be better than 4 magus .
with the seeming uptick in creature combo yawgmoth devoted druid heliod decks i think for this deck to be a better option than the others you are going to need to run more disruption .
these food vloggers and celebrity chefs do n't understand that some of us ca n't afford fancy foods and ingredients like cheddar '' cheese charcuterie-grade meats and crisped potatoes .
your post has been removed because common questions violates rule 3a .
feel free to post your questions in the daily question thread .
if you think your post should not have been deleted please click here to message the r/churning moderators message/compose ? to=/r/churning and ask for your post to be reinstated .
if you manually try to resubmit this multiple times you will be banned .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/churning if you have any questions or concerns .
wish you were closer i 'd have you dripping with my load
this is clearly supposed to be a funny card which it is and you 're getting mad it .
if you were mad at the price i would understand but you 're mad at the card art ?
i saw what he was playing and really liked it .
only changes i made was taking out a neos alius for one more copy of startos and in extra deck i took out the gaia for a nova master .
i found that this helped me recreate a board after it 's been broken and can also extend my plays on turn 3 .
with my matchups they are felt fair because of how versatile hero 's can be .
stratos is consistency and back row removal in one card and is n't once per turn .
great tornado is non targeting attack reduction that 's permanent so water invoked can be attacked easily .
great tornado is also good against shiranui sunsaga so he can be attacked over a few times before resources deplete .
with dark lords this is the only match that 's not comfortable with this deck .
the ability to have multiple negates a turn cripples heros .
playing super conservatively until their life points got low was the only reason i beat a couple .
overall the deck is a blast to play and i look forward to more support for it in the future !
the lesson here context of the conversation is crucial before responding with a that 's what she said meme .
we looked up the vin on tis but could n't find one applicable to this car in particular i know there 's a tsb for oil consumption in other models as well .
unfortunately it looks like she had done an oil consumption test before and somehow her car passed .
i found an external leak/minor seepage from the front cover so we told her we 'd clean it and told her to come back so we could re-inspect and then begin another oil consumption test after repairs if needed .
she says that she knew his name was almost thor .
when deciding on secure your corporation you 'll want to consider rekey lock paradise valley arizona locksmith service phoenix http www.keylocksmithphoenixaz.com/rekeyparadisevalleyaz.html .
installing exit plans is not the simplest project so contact a locksmith will be your best choice .
this video shows the top 15 most open and least open countries from 1960 to 2018 based on openness index trade to gdp ratio .
if a k2 civ has advanced fusion power or any similar super-efficient form of generation why would they want to invest in a dyson swarm ?
is there any form of powerplant efficiency wherein it no longer makes sense to harvest energy from outer sources ?
when i was in a dark spot trying to get the cognitive dissonance to make sense i was looking for any resource i could find .
i turned to the self-help books of paul allen zig ziglar charlie jones earl nightinggale and jim rohn .
i laminated them and mounted them to the wall in the shower .
feel free to steal or share as you wish .
i take time to laugh and play every day .
i focus on all the good things in life .
i feel the love the joy and the abundance .
i was thinking about watching it but i 'm not a big tv watcher and i have a hard time sitting through bad tv so i was wondering if anyone 's seen it and if they like it ?
dropped my both male 6 month 's old moggies off this morning for their castration at the vets .
and i 've just had a phone call along the lines of ... oops we started to spay them then noticed they did n't have any uterus 's so we 're just calling to apologise and check you want them castrated yes ?
i 'm just so angry how do you mix up the sex of both male cats ? !
i explained to the receptionist what they were in for and everything was fine .
they have now been castrated and micro chipped and i 'll be picking them up in 3 hours i 'm just so angry that they 've been needlessly cut open .
i just do n't know how to approach this with the surgery to me it is negligence but i am also super angry at the moment .
recently a denver referendum elected to decriminalize psilocybin use by adults 21 and older .
for anyone here who lives in denver or even greater colorado what are your observations ?
has there been any noticeable outward change towards mushrooms in the general public ?
was the minor change in the laws driven by scientific studies ?
do you think more people are experimenting with psilocybin in denver ?
based upon open opinions in media or on the street do you think that the laws and penalties will continue to be attenuated ?
are the politics or particular politicians of denver becoming more pro-individual freedom ?
i donated to his campaign but to be honest he came very close to losing my support in november .
it 's largely because he 's weak as hell against democrats .
democrats have belittled sanders and have largely emasculated him .
when a failure like hillary clinton can tell you that she wo n't support him whether or not he wins the primary is a very telling sign of disrespect .
teachout writes an op ed holding biden to account for his horrendous record on social security and the war and sanders apologizes .
sanders needs to stop addressing these people as his friends .
all they 've done is suppress the left on the democratic party and ridicule his track record and his ideas .
there 's a reason that despite the bs that warren remains my second choice .
to bernie sanders the democratic party is not your friend .
they have never been nor will they be your friend .
you 're better off pointing of their flaws and cannibalizing them in the primary .
how the fuck do you apologize to your opponent because one of your supporters pointed out the truth about their record in an op ed ?
this weakness is not good and it needs to end .
i hope that when sanders wins the nomination that he does n't apologize to trump or tell his surrogates not to run op eds against him .
i have been visiting quite few parlors for he and full sex .
been having this kink of getting it done with 2 mm/mf people instead of 1 m .
open to dp mmf or 2 on 2 mfmf provided the parlors agrees .
if anyone is interested to explore drop a comment here .
p.s you can dm your location in pune to me .
i can plan my next visit to pune accordingly .
when naruto was still airing over a decade ago i was a naruhina shipper and was in conflict with other character/shipping fans of the series .
now i had my reasons to support and defend my pairing so i 'm not as crazy as your average shipper .
both naruto and hinata were underdogs in the series .
naruto was treated like shit by everyone but hinata not only cared about him but had a crush on him .
hinata was treated as a burden by others but naruto not only was nice to her but lift her spirits up .
so i thought they had good chemistry and make a good couple despite being opposites .
in naruto pairings and versus videos on yt i defended naruto and hinata as a couple and individuals even i acted like a fool .
did n't like sasuke or saskura for treating naruto badly .
but hey thanks to my reasons my ship stood victorious and i 'm happy for naruto and hinata .
it 's the only time i 've been in a fan war .
the other one literally abducted kids and locked them in a mansion .
the kid 's only way out was to answer math questions for a game show .
the helpful man would teach the viewer how to solve certain math problems .
he also had a magic elbow patch on his sports coat sleeve .
if the kids won the game show they would receive a card .
when they collected enough cards they would be set free .
i live in america and have had a hard time finding it .
i have a meeting later with a client who is tirelessly convinced to use .gifs within his website .
i always understood gifs for personal blogs memes etc but this is a business site .
i feel this will ultimately devalue the page which is currently nice .
all i know so far is that they feel it will make the page more dynamic .
edit the client did n't even bring up the idea in the meeting after all that !
i believe they did some actual research and realised it would degrade the website .
i have a blackheart handsome devil head with 2 closed back cabs .
will it sound terrible if i convert 1 cab to open back ?
if you have n't been around before here is a quick explanation
the daily/nightly thread is a place for you to enjoy the company of your fellow raoaers !
qotd what are a few of your favorite things ?
whenever genesis releases i am planning on opening a 20 or 32 slot server depending on how many people respond .
i do n't know how many people are looking for a server but figure i would ask for feedback and see how the majority like to play the game and hopefully aim for a middle ground or set settings to majority rule .
have n't ran a server since 2017 so any feedback on advertising locations could be helpful as well as if you have any questions feel free to pm or comment below .
survey should n't take longer than 2 mins and i appreciate everyone who takes it .
in the past i have ran mmo private servers minecraft 7dtd ark and dnd .
if you are willing to take part in the survey i will send it through pm and may use it as a reward for starter players .
so i left home and moved to a new country with my family who have never understood me or my art .
and my few friends are basically 9 hours ahead of me
i need some advice on how to cope with loneliness abroad and making new friends here
i 'm 36 hes 45 we been together 3 yrs .
he is my first love he is my everything my world .
i have begged and pleaded to him he has seen my break down but still wont stop .
excuse my language but their whores filth trash ! !
i 'm no miss america but i 'm clean attractive i take very good care of him iin every way i 'm loyal i try so hard to fulfill my wifely duties well .
why would he risk our relationship for those things !
i love this man i mean i freaking love him so much i 'd do anything for him but he wont stay out of the trash for me .
i dont wana leave cause the pain scares me i need him i want him .
he says it 's not true and tells me lies like i 'm stupid which makes me even more mad and hurt .
i 'm at a loss and cant take much more .
i cant keep letting him do this to me but i 'm scared to leave itll hurt to bad and he will hurt me to .
i 've never had issues up until 1.15 but now when i enter a jungle i get 1 fps i usually have 200 fps .
i 'm running windows 10 64-bit with a 1 tb hdd .
i get it 's not there so it 's easier to trick the viewer but the channel is known enough by this point and has broken this illusion so many times that i feel that it would be fine if you credited the ripper .
in fact that could be how they do it .
they could put ripper and it would still match with how the channel works in my opinion .
i live in a center unit townhouse for the past few years and have noticed both bedrooms upstairs being noticable warmer i 'm summer and colder in the winter than the rest of the home .
the 2nd bedroom can be as much of a difference as 15 degrees off from the rest of the home .
i had my hvac company come today to try to troubleshoot the problem and he confirmed that the 2 year old ac unit was not an issue nor were the vents .
he said it 's likely a combination of the one to being the longest run vent of the system combined with poor/no insulation on the exterior wall behind the drywall or poor/damaged insulation in the attic and outside of ripping open the drywall there was n't much else that would make a significant difference .
my question before doing a big job like that is there any indication i could look for to see if the current insulation in the attic is bad or needs replacing ?
the townhouse unit was built in 1994 and am assuming it 's the original insulation .
hi i 'm possibly looking to get back into league after a decent break and wanted to look into other champions to main mained singed for a couple of seasons .
i would love to see some tk one tricks or something to help me learn and pick up the champ .
i have done interviews before but i was never the sole decision maker on whether or not they get the position .
i refuse to ask the bs questions like what animal would you be if you could be one .
it 's a skill based position so i will ask about their experience .
not really good for much but bring a smile to your face when pushed down the stairs
i have been looking at a 2 in 1 laptop by hp and i am wondering how affinity will work with the following specs
i was thinking over upping the video card to amd radeon 535 with 2gb of dedicated ram
is it possible to use a montblanc 146 nib in a bock 250 housing eg conid ?
i have seen hints around here but would like to confirm this .
i know flexiblenibfactory but the 146 is not mentioned there .
bonus question how about a pelikan m80x nib without collar ?
it seems that the fnf adapter takes the nib with feed and collar .
i was inspired to make this post by the mamadogaron drawing posted recently and wondered how baby monsters could be integrated into the game .
i also know that this idea certainly is not unique but i am hoping that my implementation is .
premise you capture a baby monster raise it release it and it helps you in battles .
conditions the hunter must be master rank or the equivalent in a future game and the quests will all be master rank .
quest there is a very aggressive mother monster on the loose threatening the research of the commission !
these quests in particular would have different mechanics than a standard quest .
the mother will be overall more aggressive stronger faster etc .
and when you eventually send it to its nest it does n't fall asleep .
instead it gets permanently enraged and will not tire to emulate a desperate mother defending its nest .
upon defeating it you go to the nest and see the baby monster and take it with you back to the base .
at the base the baby monster will now appear in your room or some designated location of the base .
you can only have one baby monster at a time .
while at the base you can feed and train the monster .
feeding it would require using resources like raw meat or plants or whatever the specific monster consumes .
training it would be in the form of a mini-game .
the mini-game can change as the monster grows and you can do different training .
all grown up by feeding and training the monster you fill a gauge and the monster grows .
ultimately the monster becomes fully grown and you release it back to its natural habitat !
out in the field after releasing your friend that 's not the last you 'll see of them !
when you are on a quest or expedition you can call a monster ally once per 30 ?
minutes similar to the tailraider signal and it will engage in a turf-war like battle with the monster you are currently fighting .
you will see the name you gave your ally above its head and you can not do damage to it/it ca n't aggro onto you .
the ally that comes would be a random one of the same level of the monster you are fighting to avoid having a great jagras take on a deviljho and the ally would be native to the environment you 're in so you would n't have a great jagras show up in the rotten vale .
after the battle your ally will leave shortly after to tend to its wounds .
miscellaneous you can not do this with elder dragons .
you can not call a monster ally in multiplayer .
if you run this type of quest while you currently have a baby monster in your base you can choose to replace it at the end of the quest with the new one but you would have to start from scratch raising the new baby .
conclusion overall i feel like this idea would cover a lot of different different bases in monster hunter .
it would be a fun way to introduce baby monsters to the game and i feel like most people would be very excited to see the way baby monsters would be designed/would love to play with them .
with regards to playing/training with them this would give you more active things to do at the base through feeding/the mini-game .
by being able to call an ally during a hunt it gives a tangible reward that does n't break the game and would n't be overtly complicated to implement .
since you would be able to do this with all non-elder dragons this would add a significant amount of content since you 'd have a version of this quest for every non-elder dragon .
let me know what you think of this idea or if you have any suggestions !
try yoga for cervical spondylosis https livewithyoga.org/yoga-for-cervical-spondylosis and get cervical spondylosis treatment without surgery .
live with yoga in jaipur india offers therapeutic iyenger yoga asanas for cervical pain relief .
i 'm currently play an arcane archer/rouge class in a 5e campaign .
my dm has allowed my entire group to redo our classes and take different classes if we want .
while still keeping the arcane archer fighter what classes can i take that can help better the archer and magic aspect of the character ?
right now i 'm fighter lvl 5 and rouge lvl 1 those of course can be switched around .
it 's not even launched yet and it looks scammy .
they 're planning to laugh all the way to the bank .
i can add pokerus to any of the pokemon below at request .
ft 5iv ha dreepy in beast or timer ball .
i also have several pokemon i received in surprise trades that i 'm willing to trade out .
my mother passed away suddenly last month and i am starting to get to a point where i know that i need to seek further assistance with my grief .
would a support group be too big of an undertaking for an empath who is already dealing in their own grief ?
has group therapy or a support group worked for other empathy here ?
i 'm not sure if the exact nature of it but i have the inability to feel sadness and i hate being in groups of people during school projects .
i do n't do any activities involving other people .
and i ca n't empathize with people 's sadness .
i lost three close family members last year and get nothing .
i can still feel the vast majority of good emotions but sadness and depression just are n't available to me .
does anyone have a link to pdf of etc. the in-n-out employee handbook ?
i do n't intend to cover-to-cover the thing but i 'd like to browse some of the more relevant sections in the job application process rn
it 's a little odd to me how difficult and maybe impossible it is to publicly access what seems like it should be a fairly basic resource .
my boyfriend 16 and i f17 uh got done doing the nasty and then since we were both exhausted we took a nap but he insisted on keeping out clothes off .
i was n't so sure so i kept on my undergarments but then i fell asleep .
next thing i know i wake up to terrified and his hands in my undergarments .
this is n't the first time this has happened .
he has done this before a couple times now but every single time he 's very apologetic and knows he did something wrong that will have an affect on me .
tl dr my boyfriend touched me while i was asleep and i woke up to it .
hi everyone i am a very young writer i mean really young .
i recently started writing and have already self published a full novel a couple of months ago and i 'm working on another at this very moment .
i was very proud of what i have done but i want to push myself to do even better to where i can get more people buying and enjoying my books .
is there any advice that you can give me to improve on my writing and making it more advanced ?
godrej noida sector 43 project http www.godrejnewlaunches.in/noida/godrej-sector-43 will soon witness coming up of 2/3/4 bhk apartments in sector 43 noida that will offer a wonderful residential option to people .
the news has really been lapped up by all those who want a quality abode at economical rates .
the project will be stretched in a vast area and will be designed by reputed architects .
what makes the project really alluring is the fact that more than half of the project will be earmarked for greenery that will give the residents a wonderful opportunity to experience nature from close quarters .
with such amazing usps it really should not surprise anyone that the project has really hooked many and its popularity is continuously on rise .
location of the project further adds on to its popularity it offers hassle-free connectivity to such prominent destinations like schools colleges pharmacy dispensary clinic hospital and childcare clinic grocery shops retail shops dairy products and even banks and atm's etc .
the law and order situation of the place is also very good and it is also very well served by various means of transport which makes traveling here easy and convenient .
for more details visit us godrej properties sector 43 https arpitincite.blogspot.com/2020/01/godrej-properties-in-sector-43-noida-has-won-many-admirers.html
so this question is pretty specific to people who have done it before but i think anyone with more electronic knowledge than me can help .
i 'm making a portable wii and i have almost everything figured out except for power .
it was recommended to me to use 4 li-ion 18650 battery cells wired up to the system .
i 'm using a power management board known as the wii pms to handle all power related things .
the issue is i do n't know how to wire the batteries to it .
there battery positive connection but thats all as far as battery connections go .
1. how do i wire these batteries up together in parallel
2. how do i connect them to the board ?
hi guys i 'm a prospective student and i would like to know if any of you have gotten into engineering under britished patterned education a levels and if so how were your grades ?
... should i wait until tomorrow to have remind too or it is a separate mode to launch after i beat the main game ?
i am looking to buy a thrustmaster wheel specifically the t300 .
here in romania i ca n't find any at good prices they 're all around 400 euros and i ca n't even find them .
they 're are so rarely seen here electronic stores do n't sell tm wheels .
i am looking for stores that sell them at good prices and that ship internationally .
one of my tetras just seems to spend most of his time staying in the dark in one of my tanks ornaments while all the other fish seem to just swim around .
i do n't know if this is due to stress or something but some advice on what 's happening and what i should do if it 's a problem would be nice .
we know that donald trump has claimed responsibility for the assassination of iran 's general in a defensive strategy to protect the us from further acts of violence .
reports stating the general was responsible for a bombing that killed an american translator also claiming there was imminent danger for us citizens if he did not take action .
mature married man interested in finding a mature married woman for an online relationship .
prefer if you are in the same time zone .
my interests are travel golf cooking reading to name a few .
i 'm told i have a good sense of humor and i can definitely be sarcastic !
open to an emotional connection and would not shy away from a real life meeting if it came to that and was mutually desired .
i do like a woman with curves but i like them skinny as well ... i guess you could say i have eclectic taste in women lol .
if you want the excitement of seeing that little orange envelope desire a relationship with someone who pays attention and understands the difference between sympathy and empathy who has enough of his own problems to fix that he 's not interested in fixing yours ... i might be the guy !
i guess i do n't have an upper age limit but i just do n't seem to connect with people under 40 ... never know so i do n't want to limit possibilities too much ... that 's just my experience .
i do n't know if this issue has been a topic already but i 'm going to share it regardless .
since about 3 to 4 months i have n't been able to place any cc showers or bathtubs at all .
if i 'm trying to place them they immediately disappear .
i was wondering if you rock star ladies could share your favorite brands of leggings for postpartum workouts .
i am 7 weeks out and still have quite the stomach to contend with .
my maternity stuff is ok but i only invested in two pairs of actual workout leggings .
hello guys i recently dual booted parrotos on my macbook pro 2015 and have been messing around with it but i have noticed that i do not have any batery information available .
i am greeted with a null path and no power suply .
similarly the toolbar shows no information about the battery percentage .
i 've tried looking online but can not find anyone else experiencing this problem .
everything else seems to be running fine except the battery percentage .
oh also i am unable to resume from sleep/suspension all i get is a black screen and i have to power the system off and restart it in order to access my pc again do n't know if this is a macbook thing or a parrotos thing however so any input on that would be useful aswel .
click here so we can both get the money that can be withdrawn .
i thought i saw a post from 3 years ago that had mostly the same frags as now .
i know you select the one that targets the version of office you 're targeting but we have both 64 and 32 bit office installs in our environment .
i 'd assume i need both but i do n't want to cause an issue .
i like the gentle reminder at the end from the window sticker to buckle your seatbelt .
but i still think we should beat them and agree with everything else you 've said !
soooooooo sbmm is still an issue can we discuss that
so would you suggest i try talking to her or initiate something or just leave it alone ?
i do n't see why people say it 's a terrible game since you kill demons with tons of weaponry .
the pacing is more in line with resident evil and it takes a while till you get you hands on bigger toys and more demons to kill .
sure the flashlight mechanic seems annoying but the game was built around that idea and the dynamic lighting+shadows was really something back in 2004 .
i 'm thoroughly spoiled by doom 2016 though and i 'm currently on my 4th playthrough nightmare run and i 've probably finished doom 3+roe expansion maybe twice .
still it 's one helluva experience for those who have n't experienced it and d3 's version of hell is one of my favorites .
the shotgun totally blows in d3 though and i hate the fact that your view gets bounced around when getting hit .
apparently they 've given me a 0.32 bitcoin code as a way to attract new users '' and it 's probably definitely fake but their website looks legit good graphics and english they have connection security indicators but their domain was created 3 days ago and there 's pretty much no information about them on the internet and any discussion about them i 've seen on reddit has been removed
pro football focus a website with a lot of stats analysis and grades
i know ill get hate for this but i think lotr 's extended edition was vastly superior .
i despisef tolkien 's prose even though i enjoyed the story .
pickle an alligator who lived at the orlando petting zoo when i was a kid used to love armlets .
my friend lefty could tell you all about that .
every gun is loaded even if you 're 100 sure it 's not .
you realize that just because it 's an arc it doesnt mean it will be long right ?
theres literally an arc right before the cultural festival that should take like one or two episodes to finish .
the festival arc is like 5 maybe 6 episodes max ...
if this does not work the doctor may try another bc pill .
maybe a lower dose will be better for her .
from lower there 's bartho jason jing ke lu bu two extra attacks !
whenever you see this dude just know that your day is going to get fucked
coop campaign where you take simultaneous turns with your partner like in the civilisation games would be awesome
weird looking at her abs and seeing no belly button lmao .
yayayaya sparkling thoughts giving me the hope to go oooon
i believe they have both personally i use the mobile app as it 's handy to scan barcodes if you 're out and about instead of manually entering or searching for nutritional values
by that logic twilight 's cultists are horde because ogres often lead it and ogres are in the horde .
i can understand the confusion of one who has n't seen the light of ford but the mighty wesley is as forgiving as he is wise which he is as he is currently attending oxford university and will allow you to be thoroughly quenched in the waters of his holyness .
join us heathen and become more enlightened than you could possibly imagine !
i just saw dehicated '' on the first page .
seriously guaranteed returns on investment '' is a major red flag .
then what is the point of imagining the impossible ?
what 's the problem with the majority of america wanting something ?
not one person is forcing you to buy it lol .
it makes absolutely no difference on how the game performs or plays and gives no advantage .
that was their pledge from day one and they 've stuck to it .
which is exactly why it 's going to be a thing lol .
we keep it all on detailed spreadsheets and update each month .
as of june last year they were over 50 of the market but yes when your iphone 6 was released it was closer to 30 .
like i said they have lots of room for technical improvements .
some dude on youtube who never saw the niners saints game that pointed out to me that they beat the ravens ergo niners ravens chiefs
plug a data cord into your phone then into your usb or vice-versa on your computer .
android studio is it 's own thing get it from google if it 's not in software manager but you might need to find and enable additional repositories if your distribution limits the defaults to free software only as android studio has some license restrictions .
somewhere in your software settings it varies and i use a different linux distro so i ca n't walk you through it there 's a checkbox to enable extra repositories .
it does n't really matter where you install it from google or your repository the benefit of the repository is that it 'll keep it updated while the manual way requires you to update it when necessary .
this is n't necessarily a negative sometimes it 's good to have important software stable and only updated when you do n't depend on it so there 's no hard and fast rule here .
raspberry pi will connect but no it 's a small distribution so it wo n't have the same functionality as linux mint running a proper android studio .
for instance while raspberry pi will work on single board computers '' the size of a club cracker it lacks the functionality to use your phone 's touchscreen while interacting with it which may or may not be important to your use case .
to answer your question to another person you do n't need to give linux permission you need to tell your android phone that it 's okay to link to your computer by clicking the button on the phone 's screen when it asks if it 's okay to connect this applies mostly to older phones when you 're not running android studio .
you give some good advice but just want to point out that nulling the hdd key is not something that needs to be done .
having an erprom backup means any new hdd can be locked with the same key as well .
unfortunately it has been removed because submissions should be screenshots of social media using a direct image link .
we do not allow links to articles blogs websites videos galleries or anything else that is not a direct image link to a screenshot of social media including commentary .
be sure to read our full list of rules .
also if your link ends in ? 1 please remove that before submitting .
additionally if you 're going to message us about your post be sure to include a link to that post .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/madlads if you have any questions or concerns .
sat at 0 for ages then jumped to 96 downloaded normally sat at 99.98 for ages then completed and i logged in .
so the seminole syncretism was n't really forced not in the way you 're used thinking of it .
in fact white men marrying into indian families was often a form of social mobility .
cultural identities shift and change all the time so it does n't bode well for the old blud boden .
not when you consider that white colonial and early modern society in the us could have saved itself countless headaches and a lot of bloodshed by either voluntarily adapting more indian cultural forms promoting some form of cultural syncretism as official policy or letting indians aculturate into white society and be treated as equal citizens .
none of that was done and the colonies and later the us had to fight countless indian wars directly because of it .
and even then despite countless efforts to keep the volk pure non-white cultural forms and products still were mainstreamed into the broader culture .
globohomo as you term it is just the end result of living on planet earth .
if you do n't like it you 're pretty much restricted to self-imposed isolation from broader society .
the average white nationalist/ethno-seperatist discord shitposting channel is just the updated version of places like elohim city for the extremely online zoomer .
thanks so much for that reading order post its brilliant .
there are plenty of good commentators and great teams but i do n't think anyone comes close to touching coney ee and tk together for ultimate commentating .
great video i was just regearing my rhazin when this popped up .
may god have mercy upon my eyes for they have passed on to see him .
the private option of both of those things routinely out perform the public sector
i think i 'm the one that has eclipse at 1 .
not if you 're using tp to escape a threat or you 're trying to minimise your tp down time i.e .
destroying asap when you/your team do n't need it .
then you wo n't get tp back sooner i.e .
later than pre-infinite 3.0 tp which would be a nerf .
i 'd also caution against trying to stand out '' standing out because the office is laughing at the cv you submitted when you made an acrosstic poem out of our name is not a success strategy .
but being completely beige isnt good either unless you 're a youtuber who 's into lindyhop military history and archeology .
there should be at least one or two things in there that make you sound like someone worth chatting to .
i follow you guys sometimes since you traded for barnes .
the mavs do n't want to do anything to mess up the max slot we have in 2021 the last year before luka 's extension would kick in .
great to see the new ucr med school already helping the community .
was thinking about raul as i 'd like a left footed striker but the stoichkov reviews are so good .
already used 10 swaps for koeman so may go for raul too
i ruptured my achilles while having a fun game of pick-up ball and i went right in to see the doc get the confirmation ultra-sound and then begin the fight back to midnight snack walks .
was very fast and i was in zero pain.. and i live in canada so i expected to at least be bored .
i guess the game attaches a hidden 'deathrattle resummon this for your opponent ' whenever you summon a minion and forgets to adjust it when one of your minions switches sides .
and we 're not talking about some getmotivated bullcrap of learning how to draw or losing weight we 're talking about changing fundamentals about how your brain works .
you 're like gravity can be changed if you work hard enough '' lmao
well to be fair in your story you did n't call her crazy your friends did .
just lie down and take it like good little boys and girls ?
i think a bit of reaction is expected when you insult things that people like .
and insulting them further for coming out to defend what they like is just adding needless fuel to the forest fire that could have been avoided .
😂😂😂😂 this is even better than the usual bullshit vaccine injury '' claims .
you mean like superior plasma superior machinery functioning ai a working society that is n't about to collapse multiple client races to pull their weight for them heroes like farsight and shadowsun ... .
is there a place where i can view the cyl3 results sorted by game ?
i really want to look at the sov character list sorted by votes to see who 's likely to get into feh and who 's not .
user flair is what it 's called i think it 's in subreddit info or something
thank you i feel like i 've progressed more the last couple of days than for the months before it and it 's mostly thanks to the tips from here i 'm really thankful for that d
it seems ancelotti does prefer a front two and dcl/rich is definitely the preferred pairing but i would n't be surprised if he switched to a front 3 with kean lw sometimes he clearly has faith in the lad .
probably need to wait and see but dcl/rich as front 2 is most likely yes .
description a type of reasoning in which the proposition is supported by the premises which is supported by the proposition creating a circle in reasoning where no useful information is being shared .
at the least in that case i can understand him doing it for the sake of reducing drag .
after all he was doing competitive racing with it .
but i 'll admit it did feel a little less endearing after the change though .
ben on a juste fait la transition énergétique dans les années 60-70 quoi .
great now i wo n't get any work done .
let 's begin under my desk and then on my desk on my chair on the floor on the couch next to my cabin door
you do n't even want to use xmr stack unless they fixed it it wo n't run with admin privileges so no large pages support so your hashrate is half what it should be use xmrig
offense looks good but wo n't win you the championship in the long run .
my not a financial advisor side is telling me to tell you to make sure you have robinhood gold
you need water to live but that does n't mean drowning is the answer .
the thing is every one of my friends is acting like it 's normal because we have known each other for so long .
it 'll be weird and awkward if i just tell him hey my parent 's want to make sure you are not a pedophile '' because he would n't do the same sort of check '' with his parents .
waited 29 minutes to get in a woods game with 3 other people in the fucking lobby at 4 am .
get in do fucking awesome just to not make it out literally feet from our fucking exit .
that 's not getting torkovd that 's just getting fucked ... fix this game we 're all fucking addicted to ... please ... .
you know there 's something wrong with your team when you become less confident after the opposition has a man sent off
come on it was clearly built by satan to deceive mankind .
the video editing is really nice and fitting as well
in an era when sponsorship is so rare that many cars cruise around as naked as ferrari have usually always been it 's a great travesty that none of the british teams have actually adopted british racing green .
williams should do so just to get some interest and credibility back !
i have a follow up scporn is something that should not exist look into it but really do n't
if they are n't now with how thin they are by the knees they 'll break with her first step .
if thats the case its gon na take a while for you to get her xd
might go for 'panga ' because 'nil battey sannata ' was good .
this should be the headline heard around the world tomorrow .
will look into that thank you i appreciate all the material everyone is providing in these comments very helpful .
i did some further digging in the past 6 mins and found out it 's made by e b flavor out of whittier .
they wholesale some products so that 's why it would n't show up anywhere online .
in my perspective corners are generally untouched areas and as such can be associated with the foreign and unknown .
negative entities and demons will take advantage of this psychological our psychology as humans to their advantage .
there 's bound to be a ton of younger gamers that have never played anything hl .
oh yeah if you want to win a war just tell the canadian citizens that hockey is canceled .
btw we would love to see him in his house lol
when my friend 's dog died and i tried to comfort her by saying think of all the money you 're going to save by not paying pet rent.
i have more money and am a better cook than my sister too .
i also allow play doh and digging in the mud .
and that 's all your brother needs to tell his kid those are treats just for auntie 's house .
i 'll tell her you 'd love to try that food again ! the end .
it seems you posted a meme on a day that is n't monday .
we ask you just hold onto it and repost it on monday to start everyone 's week off the right way .
please note that we track meme monday according to est .
if you feel that your post was removed in error or are unsure about why this post was removed please contact us through modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2finsaneparents .
right because the police is gon na see his post and prosecute him for it ?
yes i agree i 've always thought wag was way too harsh for pirouette angles especially .
would you mind telling me how you were able to ?
excuse the personal questions but do you only have japan-earned income under the foreign earned income exclusion ?
i would like to figure this out since even the turbotax site says you ca n't file if you have no taxable income .
have you been adding the 1 interest from a bank account like others in this discussion have suggested ?
she can put her toes in my mouth any day of the week
oh god could you imagine if it was and he got fired for it ?
i 'm going to put some sand attack in your eye .
i like moda if i am mistaken are n't they made by the same people behind real techniques and eco tools .
if you can really do dribble moves like that then parker has to be the best option .
i think raps fans get a lot of crap from bucks and sixers fans
that seems like it would have a nice dent in reducing pregnancies .
more information other games run fine but pokémon yellow crashes after loading the nintendo logo .
have scrubbed all contacts with ipa and they look clean and undamaged .
seems to have happened after inserting the cartridge into my dmg model .
the fact you are selling your game just because of a character shows something wrong with your brain .
its a character you did n't want woop dee fucking doo get over it .
dude even if my least wanted character in the entire nintendo history or any history got in i 'd be upset but i would n't sell my game .
thats like taking rage-quitting to a whole new level a very very pathetic level .
its people like you who make others talk shit about the smash community .
i say this with the utmost sincerity ... players that act like you do ... are a disease .
hi your post has been automatically removed as it does not meet our formatting guidelines
you must include your platform one of either ps4 pc/steam or xbox/xbone/xbox1
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/summonsign if you have any questions or concerns .
s t r e a m l i n e
stating facts about about something that happened to a race of people makes me that race ?
you 're saying police ca n't lie to the public in canada on the basis for a detainment ?
ooo thats an important distinction with no reason to say no but..53-47
i would rather risk her dying over robbing her of the chance to hit a rock bottom that could see her get help .
if she dies i am at peace with that and with god knowing i did the best i knew .
the worst part is nobody chose alcoholism not even your sister .
i tried to do this for work today but i locked my pc so now i just have a black screen ... 3
yeah sure there 's that but in a state in which there should be multiple gamebreaking bugs assumed that does n't sound like the best solution .
also i 'm pretty sure this wo n't even stop ppl who are really keen on abusing that .
idk about breeding but i 'd assume there to be a way to breed starters so ppl can just trade starter for starter anyways at some point ?
how about not having starters be tradeable instead of softlocking ppl out of the game ?
if there are other one-time choices in the game one has to play the game to that point again anyways or if deemed necessary there could also be ghe same treatment ?
he would be playing behind ronaldo and sane as a cam .
he is pretty much the only rw that links to ronaldo and can play cam .
do you think he is better than the latest kane totw as a cam ?
cus he would allow me to play dembele and sane together upfront .
one easy way to test where issue is is to get piece of matte glass and place it into film support rails .
then you can focus camera back open to get sharp image on glass where film normally is .
then you can look into viewfinder and see if subject is in focus there .
the main reason can be found in the elephant curve if you know what that is .
if you do n't i suggest you look it up .
you might understand why they lash out like that when you do .
yeah i keep watching speed kills with the horizon lbg and it makes me sad xd
not the guy you 're replying to but the constitution protects the right to bear arms not the right to drive .
the constitution also prohibits the government from charging citizens to exercise the rights listed in said constitution .
it would be comparable to forcing everyone to get liability insurance to be able to enjoy free speech in case they get sued for slander .
also adding fees to gun ownership or any other rights disproportionately hurts poor americans and punishes them for not being wealthier .
that said i would love for the government to end the war on drugs and use those millions of dollars instead on providing free firearms training for all americans and create a free comprehensive healthcare system that includes firearms insurance .
thus providing the extra protection you and i both want without forcing that burden onto the american people .
eu uso protetor de ouvido pra dormir há uns 10 anos .
ele abafa a maior parte do barulho da rua mas ainda consigo ouvir o celular tocar pra ir trabalhar .
sugiro que faça um teste há mais de 1 modelo disponível e não são caros .
gravity in the local cluster pretty much guarantees this .
however most galaxies are 99 empty space so it 's more of a gravitational slingshot than real collisions .
but many stars and planets will be tossed into the empty void of space between galaxies .
either way we will be long dead or have colonized many worlds by then .
not if you 're in a car with them and they ca n't carry a conversation .
thanks for posting this glad you had a nice experience !
i think they honestly believe what they say when they project .
an example my ex-pwbpd would swear and cuss every other word .
i rarely use foul language or raise my voice .
he shouted at me once all you do is yell and swear all the time ! ''
at that moment i believe that was a fact in his mind .
can we have one fucking patch where wisp is n't broken holy shit .
meanwhile some heroes are non-competitive for over a year now .
i 've delivered to apartments where they changed a 5 tip to 52 on a 140 batch after adding two items .
i delivered to a multi million dollar house a 470 order where they added 11 items and i had to wait in line for 15 minutes to get screened into the neighborhood by security and when i got there they messaged to leave it at the door .
they were so happy and responsive to me getting more items which i am not compensated for but husband pulls in as i am texting her that i am leaving groceries at their 'service entrance ' for the house dressed in his golf duds neighborhood has it 's own private golf course .
i start walking back up their 100 yards driveway and he waves me away with 'i got this bud ' .
as i walk away i see her coming out of house .
i bent over backwards and took over 2 hours on their batch and her 0.22 tip which i fully expected to get in cash stayed 0.22 .
nothing like working 2 hours for less than 8.95 to make you hate those with to burn who abuse the service and love those without disposable that appreciate your work .
dear high school friend drunk as shit and more than a little stoned .
she goes on an unexpected diatribe for 20 minutes about the importance of self love through the lens of people with body dysmorphia .
and then as suddenly as it had begun it was over and she was talking about leatherworking .
i guess having a nurse with secretary duties is probably a good compromise if they can be found .
when you say any damn thing and they reply i know ... .right ... '' i mean wtf how you know lol .
are you not happy with your level of improvement or are you starting a new project that is n't turning out how you 'd envisioned ?
maybe try comparing your new models with stuff you completed a while ago it might give you some perspective on how much you 've actually improved !
alternatively start a new project whether a new unit or just a random model unrelated to your current project and it might reinvigorate your enthusiasm .
army painting can be a real chore sometimes and it 's good to switch it up a little bit to keep the motivation going .
scrip or sell in my vending machine if it 's something decent .
that said i often just sell some at a vendor bot especially if i 've hit scrip limit and dont want to lug it around till the next day .
i 'd rather get something for it than just dump it .
oh if your are really a woman then why do n't you have a period hmmm ? ? ''
kinda odd question i wan na use all turreted lasers on my anaconda for fighting i know its dumb but i like it .
i 've always used beam lasers for this but does anyone know if you 're strictly using lasers are beam lasers the best ?
if they let you change the colours maybe you could do that .
you probably already know this but be careful with the heatsink on the negative regulator it is at vin not gnd .
it should be isolated from the case and the other heataink .
he 'll say it but sometimes he says things that you 'd just have to see it to believe it you know .
i think people sometimes forget our government was designed specifically to handle people like trump getting in office
on a positive not though with setien he might be coming back to the barca he thought he was joining 2 years ago .
i am just saying there are 2 cases in recent judgements either people does n't care or they agree silently with judgement even if it is unconstitutional .
i mean i 'd say that the game is one hell of a problem if they decided to turn it into pve months before release while pve was something that did n't exist '' to begin with .
did n't they just posted jobs offers for quest writers ?
hope they can manage but not sure if they can honestly i think it 's the main problem for most players .
also how can you tell the levels of interests ?
even if people wanted to try it they could n't .
i do believe that there was a big backslash from the testers about getting their new formed characters ganked and camped by bunch of no-lifers but the problem was n't the idea of open world pvp .
it was with one of it 's consequences which they could easily solve by making the starting area off the limits of pvp .
i got into alpha and every friend of mine who applied did too maybe we were lucky maybe they accepted anyone maybe accepted anyone due to lack of volunteers .
it 's not only reviews of those who played .
people who stopped playing in alpha at all are a big counter none of my friends nor i played it too long we just did n't like it back then .
another thing is the counter of people who applied overall .
maybe not many people wanted to be in alpha overall compared to what they expected .
100k people to apply but only 10k applied and then 9k left and 1k tested and made comments ąnd 70 comments is what they did not like and how to correct it then it 's a big blow .
mislim da bi trebalo da preuzmemo deo krivice jer tu sirotinju cine nase babe dede roditelji i drugari mozda .
da mi pokusavamo da im objasnimo kako stvari stoje malo po malo mislim da bi situacija bila bolja .
we come in various forms and shapes of masshole .
i think london is the wrong way round for dps glister/babel for hitscan schwi/although for projectile
edit also would be cool to see an added column for coaching staff ?
we require a minimum account-age of 3 days old as your account does not meet these requirements the moderator team must manually approve your posts your post has been removed for review by the team .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/escapefromtarkov if you have any questions or concerns .
help bernie out register to vote https vote.gov donate https secure.actblue.com/donate/sanders-for-president make calls https berniesanders.com/call text https act.berniesanders.com/signup/textforbernie find events https map.berniesanders.com volunteer sign-up https berniesanders.com/volunteer
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/stupidpol if you have any questions or concerns .
i appreciate the effort but i want something i can scroll along while i play and something i can quickly go through .
videos are the bane of guide especially when there is no need for a video at all
the text is quite small in comparison to the graphics which looks odd .
try making the text more magnified and bold for giving a professional look to the logo .
bestsellers need to be added for depicting site peculiarity .
discounts need to be added for better customer engagement .
the newsletter should be shifted to the footer instead as it occupies a lot of space .
testimonials and instagram images need to be added for better brand promotion .
you can also install one of the most popular app growwave https growave.io ? ref=neha which is all in one marketing platform that helps store owners increase conversions with ease .
finally i would also recommend replacing the default search with an advanced search like sparq https apps.shopify.com/sparq-search ? utm_source=social utm_medium=reddit ref=eikybkwkwz which allows synonyms advanced custom tag filters spelling correction and other such features .
visitors with search are high intent users and their conversion rate is higher than normal users .
you can use https apps.shopify.com/sparq-search ? utm_source=shopify utm_medium=community sparq https apps.shopify.com/sparq-search ? utm_source=shopify utm_medium=community ref=eikybkwkwz free trial for as many products in your store .
after the trial period you can enjoy with https apps.shopify.com/sparq-search ? utm_source=shopify utm_medium=community sparq https apps.shopify.com/sparq-search ? utm_source=shopify utm_medium=community ref=eikybkwkwz 's free starter plan for upto 1000 products .
hope the store improves and offers you ample sales very soon .
and do it more often now that i never eat breakfast food at breakfast .
so it makes sense that they stick with you longer .
during these ice ages would ice sheets reflect practically all light so co2 had little to no effect .
volcanoes could emit greenhouse gases for millions of years to no effect .
co2 could n't get it contact with any ground surface because all of it is ice .
co2 would just accumulate and rise but nothing would happen .
the current supported models say that the co2 levels had to be over 10.000ppm to reverse the ice sheet mirroring effect .
we 're at like 425ppm today once the co2 level was high enough to melt ice would the mirroring be diminished co2 's effect will accelerate a lot !
within a few thousand years the entire planet switched from being completely frozen to absolute saharan climate by the poles .
this impact might have hit during or just before snowball earth reversed water vapor is significantly more efficient at absorbing heat than co2 so blowing up millions of tons of ice would do quite an effect .
it is n't the cause but is most likely a complimentary factor to a process that would start eventually regardless .
i had a predatory loan from a credit union at 16 daily compounded interest i just finished the balance transfer to 1.9apr with 0 fees .
the stupid loan added over 20 in the time that it took to go through and when i called they refused to give me the payoff amount .
online showed 4.95 so i transferred 10 minimum it allowed .
hopefully they refund the difference but either way i 'm thrilled to be out from under that loan .
i know it 's hard to get them to do that so i 've got my fingers crossed for you !
it 's an unusual race but you can win it !
big bob ross fan but did he paint circles or did n't he just whip off a circular piece of paper he 'd stuck on over the piece he 'd painted ?
i seem to remember him using that technique a lot .
so that you can dip that phat fried churro inside your soya milk and eat it from the bowl like a cereal .
pets know when shit 's getting out of hand —one of my dogs always nopes the fuck out during house parties .
he says he 's too old for that shit .
good weapons are easy to come by through trade and those components are better used on other things in the early to mid game .
i never said that i thought their bodies were n't policed .
trans people just do n't seem to accept it .
i 've tried to get sterilized but the doctor just ignored me .
i 'm surprised at stories where women were actually listened to .
not about ocd specifically but pile a post-rock post-punk band based in nashville is known for writing about anxiety disorders and the first-hand perspective of someone who has one .
it 's a learned taste but they 've helped me and they seem to understand me in a way no other music ever has .
lol libleft has a curtain of beads hanging in the doorway .
just like ya bitch ass felt the need to respond .
i do n't like it for an extra reason lately if it 's a monster that 's hyper aggressive like jho and i 'm the leader about to fire an sos flare i like to spend the time waiting on others by tracking the monster from behind and picking up tracks for more investigations .
when you get that immediate aggro and you caster out they just stay there for like three minutes not making any delicious tracks for me
when this happens with 2 teammates that voted to ff i always announce they did n't deserve this win unless everyone else is on console .
i do n't know ... maybe im neurotic but being a 2nd wife sounds hard to me 😭 unless i was divorced too
the autism spectrum is about as broad as me saying i am a human when i 'm actually a white french person or saying i like italian food when i really just like spaghetti .
being autistic means nothing because it means so many different things it 's a broad classification for a variety of intellectual disabilities .
so how would they actually put trump in the peach ?
do they cut a slit in the side push him in and tie it back together ?
do they take the top off drop him in and put it back on over him ?
i 'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos !
they all help with depression and other emotional symptoms .
you can turn it off but it asks you to set it up by default
have you been evaluated by a doctor within the past 12 months ?
i do n't really get what being a console player has to do with it you can cheat '' on console as well .
you 're definitely not alone in that feeling i personally do n't understand it.. but yknow .
the only reason i have n't done it yet is its a lot less fun simply being handed things as opposed to the game giving you a decent way to earn them yourself .
i 'd much rather play the game to get things as opposed to just buying them from the shop .
unfortunately every single mh game has an endless bullshit pure rng grind where you can spend thousands of hours grinding away and never get what you 're after while some other dude has been playing for 400 hours and has everything you 've ever wanted .
nothing is earned in these systems its pure luck .
hence why i 'm considering using the mod that changes the drop rates .
it does n't just outright hand it to you but it does equal out the drop chances so you might actually be able to make your build before you burn out .
liskarm is more like a tank you put behind a vanguard/guard unit to prevent leaking and then you use her skill to stun people on top of that pile of damage .
she is really good but is n't someone meant to be a heavy tank on demand .
that 's hoshi matterhorn beagle cuora saria nian and bison .
so if you do n't have an on-demand tank recruit for one or grab cuora if you can afford to do so .
i like to keep the leash in one hand and still have my son hold my hand .
that 's what i want him to do if i ever forget the backpack anyway
my 0 second super duper kaioken 69 is faster then any gun .
the dynamic between the 3 of them is outstanding .
precisely how a ranker 's rank is given is still unknown but more broadly it is known to be calculated after investigating and combining statistics such as a person 's power recognition and influence .
enryu 's got a lot of recognition for being only one to ever kill a guardian .
he initially was 1 rank for that alone till phanta came along .
like evan edrok is top 100 and is as strong as ha yuri who is top 500
she is a child as well and it 's horrible that you are calling her names .
i 'm not planning on shooting video right now so i guess the lack of oss doesnt matter thank you for your insight !
i wish i had been raised vegan i 'm sure your daughter will chose veganism in the end .
i always loved animals and the animal rights are what got me to start my vegan journey when i was in 7th grade !
i feel like many people get turned into kinks by others eg partners etc .
you were n't the one to suggest it but being open minded you have tried it and maybe now it 's your thing .
sexuality can be discovered and it can definitely be a built on series of experiences and experiments that shape it .
i would n't be embarrassed at all if i were you .
it might just be a matter of time or it might be that the ones you mentioned are your kinks !
they sound like sexy and edgy to me ! !
it 's wednesday so we have to vote for wednesday frog
me who 's tired of relying on it gets and wants a shiny skarmory thank god for my fire types .
walmart adds flavors to most medicine for kids for like 2-3 .
i 've given my 3yo son banana flavored amoxicillin but he likes medicine so would take it regardless .
i 've never used it in prod but briefly trialled it .
however if it works that 's not the end of the world !
how about one of the new toty cbs since your not going for a theme team ?
i 'm in a very similar situation now and not far off from same ages .
i got married young and over time became disgusted by very similar qualities in my husband .
started talking to a friend i had known for years who had always made it no secret that he was in love with me .
he was married when i got married but there was always chemistry between us .
he got divorced and when my marriage headed south he was the first one i reached out to .
i got a michael douglas endorsing bloomberg ad and i 'm from europe ...
interestingly i initially tried to get my work published back in 2011 or so but luckily the query letter was garbage and at the time i was only on draft 3 of arcane .
now i say luckily '' because getting rejected by the publishers was the best thing that ever happened to me .
it forced me to rethink what i wanted to do and i realized the only way to do it was to create my own publishing house for one author me .
i incorporated and took it extremely seriously learning the business top to bottom .
i brought quality to every facet of the enterprise and running this behemoth is an enterprise .
i learned how to take off the author hat and put on the publisher hat .
and there are many advantages to that i can continue to promote my work even when a trad publisher would have long moved on to promote other works .
i can control the entire process top to bottom and who better to do that for the incentive is there to maintain quality—after all it is my work my blood sweat and tears .
and i make all the money too allowing me to work full-time for over four years now .
i hire editors i have two a developmental editor and a line editor and i hire a cover designer etc .
it truly is an enterprise but sooo rewarding because i built the foundations myself .
about 80 of the time i 'm an author the other 20 an entrepreneur .
it feels good and makes you look cool or cool*er if you already look cool .
if you 're fat or ugly it just makes you look gross
only better option would be to talk to a professor who has an in with an academic advisor .
for example i met with a professor who was married to one of the academic advisors .
he liked me as a student and so his wife felt more obligated to help me .
an hour meeting with her solved what i have been working with the registrar with for months .
for the sake of conversation how about you are just given access to the next 100 years worth of music .
a piece of property gone missing and likely replaced by insurance within a week if not a few days ?
that 's worse than good samaritans '' beating the life out of the would be thief ?
if you ask me blood thirsty masses are far scarier than property thieves .
i can give an armed robber my stuff and likely walk away unharmed ... if mistaken as a villain by an angry mob i do n't think i 'd have the same opportunity .
biden is a continuance of everything wrong with america .
nobody is holding a gun to your head and making you work you fucktard .
doing something that is meaningless to me and wastes a relatively small amount of my time is the price of not having to constantly hear about and discuss my kid 's christening .
your obvious lack of knowledge on these creatures is showing .
if you see a goldfish in a bowl not moving and sitting on the bottom does that mean goldfish are fine in bowls ?
this is happening to me on my imac pro and i 'm not even on the beta .
you can find many artists who specialize in streamer art on twitter
i actually wrote about it in chapters 2 and 3 of my own book which is available for free on my website https christianheretic.com/nochurch although i 'd suggest still reading chapter 1 first for context as well as the supporting links throughout it .
i listen to opening arguments and when they have impeachment coverage it 's quite good but it seems like half the show is them reading lists of patreon names .
a lot of my family think i 'm weird when i randomly just leave the room lol
i still use them for writing letters as the ink flows nicely when writing slowly .
you might be right but not every republican is a senator .
what if he reached across the aisle for condi rice ?
she probably would be a tough sell to a lot of people because of iraq .
but i do think she 's the type of person that could help to bridge the partisan gap .
i feel that doing it solo and being on this sub advanced me light years a head .
i feel few do it right most do it wrong .
i 'm sure the best experience can be with your significant other .
solo i 'm usually at a state of bliss with friends it can be hit or miss
their anxiety can blend to my mood without me noticing and i feel in general pretty mellowed down compared to by my myself .
here is a 12 minute montage of me failing at every game the server has to offer .
i want to start growing indica primarily for night time and any anxiety issues .
here are the strains i am considering buying so i would buy seeds and grow the strain .
i 'm getting ready to move into a new house and i was just wondering if i moved to someplace where there were not any hoa fees would i be immune to any future hoa fees or can this change in the future ?
does anybody recall a game where monsters/creatures dropped general items but many could have a unique drop that ... i think the drop looked like a card visually .
it 's such a fuzzy memory but i remember loving this game .
i 've been listening to love among the chickens by p. g. wodehouse and they reference glasses being wire on with ginger-beer wire .
and my simple google searches only find references to the book .
it appears to be a thin wire but i do n't ' know what it could be compared to today .
i swear i used it to watch the first season over because i didnt feel like dealing with adds but now i cant find it .
cant find anything online about whether or not it was on there and you can usually find something saying difinitively if it was or not .
wouldnt be surprised because ive forgotten crazier things before but i thought id ask for a second opinion .
i just do n't know how much longer i can go on .
i 've had major depression for over a decade .
is this all i have to look forward to for another fifty years ?
i feel like we 're bound together by circumstance and not anything meaningful or lasting .
when we stop being forced together for school i believe they 'll all drift away .
i have n't had a real romantic relationship in seemingly forever .
maybe i 'm attracted to women that i know do n't want me .
i 'm tired of being told i 'm a great friend or that i 'll make someone really happy someday .
it 's not even a friend zone thing which at least i could understand .
it 's this strange hybrid friends with benefits but not a relationship but whatever nonsense .
i keep getting closer and closer to the edge .
a few years ago i 'd think of suicide briefly and infrequently .
i 've debated internally the merits of various strategies .
should i tell people goodbye first or write a note ?
i stood on top of a parking garage recently crying and willing myself to just jump .
i 'm afraid that one day soon i 'll go through with it .
i 'm on medicine and being seen by a psychiatrist .
my van just stopped working randomly one day on the middle of the street..
i got to a corner and when i was stopping it just went off it would n't start .
next morning i tried to start it and it cranked went on for a couple of seconds and it made a chirping sound and went off .
fuses seem fine starter relay works i can hear it/feel it .
there 's no signs of being the theft system i heard it could be that but i do n't even think it has one there 's no light on the dash about it .
so the last option i 've seen would be a mechanical problem in the engine itself .
the chirping sound gave sense to that but i also thought that sound could be of the starter failing completely ?
not sure but we tried to move the crankshaft by hand as a mechanic suggested and it did n't want to move or it was too hard ?
we took 3 spark plugs out to make it easier to move ? .
i know it 's hard to give advice without seeing the car in person but what would be your guess considering the aforementioned tests ?
the van was bought from a private party not dealership .
i found out later on there were some pending codes that had been erased catalyst converter efficiency below threshold this will always come back so that needed to be replaced but i did n't as it was too expensive for me at the moment so i kept erasing it .
there were a few times that i will get misfire in 1-2 cylinders not always the same but it happened couple of times only .
there was also showing up a evap error code every now and then .
the van had 188k miles on it when i bought and it 'died ' with 195k miles on it .
i had the car towed to my gf 's street last night and today i already got a notice from service police saying it ca n't be a broken car parked on the street .
not sure what to do as i already paid 380 for the towing when it broke down plus the battery and starter..
i contacted a couple of 'junk my car ' businesses and they offered around 150-250 for it and they would take care of everything .
it just feels crazy as i paid for the car 2200 around 1000 extras on repairs/towing..
any suggestions to help me decide would be much appreciated .
this subreddit is a very toxic community and i hope you all take time to think about what you say before you post .
dying to go while i 'm in nashville but no way i can afford a ticket
my thumbs twitched back and forth knocking against each other .
in a matter of moments it would not be surprising if my hands started audibly squishing .
my mind was racing rarely was there this much pressure on me .
my therapist sat across the room on an antique wooden rocking chair .
the squeak of the chair swaying back and forth .
another ruthless session to get to the bottom of my issues .
a belief that she was genuinely trying to help me .
and that is where a lot of my weird sexual kinks come from i think.. '' .
after a long period of silence the words finally escaped my mouth .
exhaling constantly air struggled to exit my lungs through a dry throat .
cough hmmmm ... '' and a shrug was the response i received .
bj what if i could make this urges go away ? ''
stutters are all i could muster as i attempted to gather myself .
she began to explain well you are gon na need to relax . ''
her words seemed gargled as i drifted when i snap my fingers ... .
i looked up immediately after her middle finger hit her palm .
across the room in that damn rocking chair she sat .
download link megafile3.top/file/dcs legends of tomorrow s05e02 1080p web hevc x265-maxrls 575 mb
each week we 're here to discuss various older anime series .
filled with an overwhelming sense of wonder for the world around her mari tamaki has always dreamt of what lies beyond the reaches of the universe .
however despite harboring such large aspirations on the inside her fear of the unknown and anxiety over her own possible limitations have always held her back from chasing them .
but now in her second year of high school mari is more determined than ever to not let any more of her youth go to waste .
still her fear continues to prevent her from taking that ambitious step forward—that is until she has a chance encounter with a girl who has grand dreams of her own .
spurred by her mother 's disappearance shirase kobuchizawa has been working hard to fund her trip to antarctica .
despite facing doubt and ridicule from virtually everyone shirase is determined to embark on this expedition to search for her mother in a place further than the universe itself .
inspired by shirase 's resolve mari jumps at the chance to join her .
soon their efforts attract the attention of the bubbly hinata miyake who is eager to stand out and yuzuki shiraishi a polite girl from a high class background .
check our rewatch wiki https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/rewatches and our episode discussion archive https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/discussion_archive for more discussions !
remember that any information not found early in the show itself is considered a spoiler .
further information about past and upcoming discussions can be found on the weekly discussion wiki page https www.reddit.com/r/anime/wiki/weekly_discussion .
is anyone else noticing the game crashing more recently ?
every time i try to play for more than an hour the screen freezes and then shuts down can someone give me any tips or advice ?
i 'm happy i 'm healing fast but wtf i got sensation in my nipples right away and they hurt .
i left the hospital and did n't need the pain meds until today day 6 .
was at about s 0.5/10 on the pain scale for most of that until today .
right up to 7or8/10 without pain meds pain just spontaneously popped in and if i was n't already in bed would have dropped me .
about 3 at the best part of painkilling but the pain killers also make me high af .
i did talk to a doc and confirmed i 'm healing fast with no infection found .
i had it easy the first 5 days tattoo hurt worse until today .
since it hurts worse to lay down than it is to sit up right now you get me bitching about it while eating chicken nuggets and icecream .
but bonus friday was the fastest weight loss ever of 25lbs it 's worth it but i 'm still gon na bitch
i 'm sorry if this is a downer for everyone but i just needed to vent .
my boyfriend lost his job and he 's been applying all over the place but we live in a small town and there 's not a lot of prospects especially when he ca n't commute since he does n't have a car .
a week ago today we also lost one of our cats .
he was 11 which i know is a pretty decent life span for a cat but he 's the second cat to die in my arms in less than a year .
he 'd been sick last summer and lost a lot of muscle mass .
it seemed like he just was n't putting the weight back on .
we did n't see him as starving '' because he ate a lot .
he was eating and drinking normally and then he was throwing up and within 3 or 4 hours he was dead .
we had no money to take him to a vet but even if we did there 's little that could have been done to save him .
i have anxiety and depression and i 'm trying to handle all of this the best that i can .
my boyfriend is feeling a bit defeated and i feel like i have to be a rock for him .
i 'm in another pretty horny mood and am in search of a girl willing to do a nice erotic smutty scenario with from any of these listed below but i should mention i 'm leaning towards a more fantasy and hentai styled dirty roleplay even involving something like raceplay and testing that out .
we can brainstorm and work some ideas out such as
horny depraved stranger x girl/neko girl maybe some raceplay is involved here even
if you have any ideas you feel like pitching in or any changes you wan na make to the one 's that we 're working with already feel free to do so !
message me for my kik or discord if you wan na take it there or we can chat here too and roleplay it here though i normally prefer the other two first if possible since i can send my references there .
also i like my female partners to be literate/detailed and in first person and please be able to respond in a timely manner or at least let me know if you need to head out instead of ghosting .
kinks bulges erections grinding dry humping humping groping cumming in pants getting teased so hard that i cum in my pants or on a girl assjobs blowjobs especially sloppy blowjobs excessive cum massive cumshots creampies forced creampies secret creampies edging on cock with tongue ear fucking monster girls especially slime girls and mucus toad girls wet clothes pantyhose/tights especially those footjobs though not the smelling and the licking handjobs rough fucking assfucking or anal if that 's what they call it lol titjobs cumflation cumming so hard in a girl that it comes out of her mouth cumming on tits somnophilia massive creampies huge black cocks or just cocks rape full nelson ... there could be more later on .
what mouse do you have to play your mmorpgs ?
i 'm looking for a new mouse to buy since my razer naga trinity is starting malfunctioning so i wanted to ask the community about which one do you guys have .
i 've searched everywhere for a wireless mouse with 12 side buttons but there are none and i do n't want to buy a wired mouse again they are so uncomfortable to use for me at least .
i have 6 whole cats two adopted from a shelter both are now 2 a few months apart the other four were a litter of kittens that i rescued off the street .
all of the cats declared me their ‘mom ' always come to me for love attention or just to be around to watch or look at me .
when it was just the two from the shelter only one of them is super talkative so i did n't notice a specific name he called me .
once i took in the four kittens i finally did because they all did the same thing .
all of my cats call me ma when they come to greet me or to get my attention or pats .
i work very hard to take care of all my pets and the fact that they have the same love and admiration makes everything all beyond worth it .
one of the kittens who is ridiculously attached to me wanted to cuddle and was already in my bed before i was when i got home from class .
i was putting my bags away and he yelled mama ! i had to make sure that it actually came from this cat but when i figured out it did i lost it .
things were going so well until that point too .
back to the drawing board with that much more insight this time i suppose .
announced that he will be deciding between nebraska oregon missouri and florida state .
flipped from lsu to ole miss earlier in the recruiting cycle .
i first learned about henna back in 2008 and i 've wanted to try it ever since but never actually got around to it .
now 12 years later i 've finally purchased the brand nupur from amazon and i 'm excited to try it hopefully this weekend .
had anyone had any experiences with henna good or bad ?
anywhere itp or north of the perimeter roswell alpharetta etc ?
age gap couple f20m35 around boise looking for a unicorn female or trans .
we have lots of toys and police issue handcuffs !
my main choices are the razer viper razer basilisk v2 and the deathadder v2 but i ca n't decide at all which one to buy since all of them are really good .
guys i wan na hear your recommendations to choose my mouse .
mainly i want a mouse that last a lot since i am very unlucky with logitech mice and i wan na run out of them and their double clicking issues .
my hands are 19.5x9.5 approx and i mostly use an hybrid between claw and palmgrip .
i do n't play many fps or shooters but i 'm planning on doing it seriously in the future .
currently i have a g203 a 403 and a deathadder elite btw .
i do n't think i have developed a preference between ambidextrous or ergo shape .
even if i feel like ergo is a little bit more comfortable than ambi i do n't think it 's a dealbreaker and i 've heard that ambi have more aim potential .
i know how it 's the da shape it 's nice but honestly it 's not my favorite the g203 and the 403 feels better .
the main reason why i 'm considering it it 's that i 'm familiar with the shape and it 's the cheapest one in amazon .
i am thinking about the basilisk v2 since the g502 shape it 's really praised and i 'm familiar with the 90-100g weight .
weight it 's not a concern not yet maybe in the future will be and here 's when the viper comes i 'm thinking about the viper because it 's one of the most praised mouse of 2019 and i wan na try lightweight mice .
i think the only cons of the viper are the fact that you ca n't save macros i do n't mind and that it does n't have those pfte mouse feet right ?
i might regret in the future not getting those ones ?
i know all of them are amazing and probably i ca n't go wrong with any of them but again i wan na hear your recommendations to see which one would be the best choice according to you guys .
i 'm the admin of a server and i 'm trying to add a new bot but i 'm running into a bit of difficulty .
we have a category specifically for admin stuff and that 's where i want to set up the bot so i do n't clutter up other things .
i ca n't get the permissions right to grant the bot access to see the channels in the category .
i have posted about this here before and was advised to try pull starting my deutz .
i did that but the engine only turned and did n't start there was n't even any smoke coming out of the exhaust .
now it 's pretty obvious that the engine is n't getting any fuel .
a little bit of history two and a half years ago me and my dad were going to do an annual start .
the engine did n't start and we bled the fuel lines a bit and noticed that there was water in the fuel .
i emptied the fuel tank put new fuel in and bled the lines .
right since there is n't any fuel getting into the cylinders i am pretty sure the injectors are clogged .
so what i 'm a really asking is n't there a pretty good chance that the injectors are toast after getting water through them ?
this is probably one of the few hundred threads created highlighting the issues of the gateways listed i 'm from singapore and recently the servers have been unplayable with a latency of 150 600 spikes at times .
the previous leagues i was at a stable 15ms but it stays at a constant 45ms since the start of metamorph league .
on this day the average latency i 'm getting is around 150 during the day .
i believe most of my friends stopped playing the league due to these issues and frankly speaking they are probably not the only one especially from singapore .
how are you guys playing poe on these gateways holding up ? any mods/techs able to address this ?
whenever i launch a game into bsnes i get the following error message
game still plays and all but it takes focus away from the emulator and is obnoxious .
i 'm heading into my 3rd year of real estate investing while working a full time job .
at this moment we have a total of 15 doors between two buildings .
both of the buildings are financed with two different local credit unions .
for planning purposes i net 20-25k a year easily between the two properties .
my wife and i self manage she 's a huge help with answer calls and scheduling maintenance/repairs .
we currently have 30k in the bank for a future multifamily down payment .
30k puts us in that 2-4 unit range at a purchase price around 120k .
this price is easily obtainable and 2-4 units are readily available .
so my question is about my plan seeing that in a few months i 'll have 2 years of taxable rental income and be able to acquired a residential investment mortgage .
i want to continue adding doors in my local area .
after doing numerous hours of reading and listening to podcasts .
i believe my best path to get to a minimum of 25 doors is to add a minimum of 2 doors per year for the next 5 years .
i believe this is achievable by using the cash flow from the previous years rental income as long as i do n't exceed the 120-130k sale price threshold that i set for myself .
my models have the duplex cash flowing roughly 5k a year based on purpose price down payments and local fair value rents .
at 5 years the yearly cash flow would be right around 50k with 25 doors and a chunk of cash in the bank if i only stick to the minimum 2 doors per year at the planned purchase price .
i 'm truly blessed to find the deals on my first two buildings to be able to create a sizable cash flow for future down payments .
i 'm kind of working backwards by going from acquiring a 10 unit 5 unit and most likely a 2 unit in 2020 .
at 5 years i would be faced with paying down debt and/or investing in future properties to gain financial independence .
i read a lot of posts in this thread and others to help me prepare for my first time backpacking in south east asia used mostly reddit and youtube to collect information and in return to all the helpful people who advised me i want to add a bit to the info out there .
this was our first time backpacking in asia but we have both travelled a decent amount apologies to those seasoned backpackers who might eye roll at the obvious things i point out !
i travelled with my boyfriend both in our mid 20s for 7 weeks from nov 2019 to jan 2020 covering 4 countries hong kong vietnam cambodia and thailand .
we travelled as a couple not really looking for the typical hostel/partying experience .
i had spots/cities we wanted to stop in picked out more so i could check that our return flight back gave us enough time bf had job to come back for .
for those interest i travelled with 40l backpack osprey ladies size https www.millets.co.uk/equipment/082536-osprey-womens-fairview-40-litre-rucksack-grey.html/061105 ? utm_source=google utm_medium=cpc utm_campaign=shopping istcompanyid=b238823a-59fd-4816-9c36-7dd47877f2a8 istfeedid=e4ff9138-23c5-4427-aa0b-cc0475742ae6 istitemid=wptwplqrw istbid=tztx gclid=cjwkcaiagqdxbrbteiwa59een-tswtzsvtjhehgao_wc2bn0hlprawt7w-no19xcnpnuwsosl7d2fbochhaqavd_bwe gclsrc=aw.ds i recommend for small gals .
and 15l day back and boyfriend had 65l backpack .
i really reccommend getting up to date on vaccines and/or visiting somewhere like nomad travel https www.nomadtravel.co.uk uk major cities only for additional shots .
we also bought a medical kit from them which came in very handy and i would buy this https www.nomadtravel.co.uk/travel-store/medical-first-aid/medical-kits/core-medical-kit one works out cheaper than making your own .
our original plan was to buy a motorbike in ho chi minh and then use that as our main mode of transport to bike across cambodia and then finally go to bangkok so there 's a section about bikes at the end .
i am plant based have a pretty strong dairy intolerance so i 'll add a section about travelling as a 'vegan ' as i found it more difficult to get concrete advice on that before i left .
we are from uk so our budget/prices we evaluated against £ gbp
hong kong this was the most built up and relatively similar experience to our lives at home and eased us pretty gently into travel .
i would compare hong kong to a metropolitan place like london .
we stayed in the wan chai district and would recommend the are for first timers .
not as expensive as the central district and gives more local flavour with the street markets which you are likely to explore or pass through on the way to the mtr .
stay on hong kong island over the peninsula as a lot of activities are there and though it is more compact you get a good sense of what hk is really like .
prices cost of restaurants was about the same as home £8-10 for a meal .
transport incredibly cheap routes often less than £1 or 50p
lots of 7/11 and circle k with reasonable prices for snacks or eating in
victoria peak there are some views more 'within ' the city if you take the giant escalator up and walk a bit further as opposed to going straight to the top
hong kong museum quite dated and nothing on history of recent years but it is free
hong kong peninsula night time view of hk island symphony of lights show
dragon 's back this was easy to get to via bus and a nice welcome break from the city .
ching chung koon tao temple really beautiful temple with turtles easy trip by bus to visit
shenzhen we went to shenzhen as we wanted to see what china was like and had some intrigue about it being a special economic zone .
my advice to absolutely everyone unless you know of something on the other side you want to see is do not go .
we read that it was free to enter but you would have to get a short stay visa stamp .
we ended up stuck in immigration after getting off the mtr for about 2 hours first you must go and get a photo and a visa put in your passport which includes filling our a form and being asked a few questions about your stay then you go downstairs and fill our a landing card get fingerprinted and then pass through to shenzhen .
there is n't a clear explanation as to where these different rooms are to get the whole process done and you 're at the mercy of how busy the waiting rooms are for how quick you get out no visas would be ready and then they would surge in 10 being ready for collection at once .
shenzhen was a very homogenous city we could n't find any historical sites or areas designed for non chinese to engage with the local fare though bare in mind shenzhen is absolutely huge and we were short on time after arriving later .
tube system is cheap and in english and we used cash to pay .
when we tried to use bank cards to take out more money i had no luck with mastercard visa and visa credit card at more than one atm .
the best part of the trip was a small antique shop in the train terminal with genuine trinkets pottery etc .
the guy was quite fair with our haggling too .
macau again we visited this as another special zone outside of hk .
to us macau was missing all the parts of the vegas strip that would make a high concentration of casinos together worthwhile no smoking indoors no open carry on alcohol on the streets no street vendors or anything to create an interesting people-watching street not helped by how spread out all the casinos were from one another .
we visited the venetian which brought us away from the casinos on the ferry side of macau so that might have made a difference .
the venetian at macau had the same feeling as the trafford centre if uk readers are familiar with it .
if you have been there you 'll have your own opinion about it and use that to inform going to macau .
hong kong protests before leaving for hk i 'd been keeping up with the protest news .
though by november the 'peak ' of protests seemed to have passed a lot in uk news there were still plenty of reports of violent clashes daily .
from digging around online i felt that it was still safe to go but just to be mindful of large groups of people collecting or the university area .
whilst we were in hk we did n't see anything that alarmed us or made us feel unsafe .
while i do n't think the media outlets were incorrectly reporting protest clashes the actual volume of them appears to be exaggerated but that 's how news makes money right.. .
we saw graffiti at most mtr stations and some bus stations that had english text posters and print outs explaining the situation that were even updated overnight to new developments like trump 's treaty .
one mall we tried to go to adjacent to some university buildings was closed and the mtr next to it was all smashed up but other than graffiti we felt very safe when wandering round the city both day and night .
i would say the university area probably needs the most caution but if the mtr is stopping there again then there has probably been improvement .
we flew into ho chi minh city stayed for about 3 days .
i 'm curious to return to vietnam in the north of the country while the south was very interesting to see i was more than ready to move on after about 8 days .
did n't really get a good feeling out of hcmc extremely loud sticky busy place .
the best thing we did was go to the war remnants museum things like the old post office were interesting but they do n't really take up much of your day .
a phone sim for 2 weeks with unlimited data was easy to get and cost less than £10 i think .
hcmc is a good place to take advantage of cheap taxis and cheap food .
we could get a good meal and a soft drink/smoothie for £2.50/£3 grab taxi was about £1 anywhere and £1.50 in a grab car circle k essentials like a sewing kit were about £2 .
would recommend the grab app for getting around though it was n't my favourite place we visited i was really able to appreciate the pace and culture of the city zipping through little side streets on the back of the bike from district 1 down to other places in chinatown area .
there are plenty of markets to visit but when you 've seen the stuff at one the others are n't really much different and people did n't really want to haggle with us .
we did a mekong delta day trip though i 'm not always a big fan of a guided tour this was fun and worth going on .
have a look on a site like klook and pick something that sounds interesting and in budget we visited temples honey farm coconut farm held some snakes traditional boat on mekong and lunch for about £18 each for everything .
nha trang we visited here as somewhere in south vietnam by the sea before heading westways for the rest of the trip .
it was a much calmer and quieter city than hcmc but i 'm not sure i would visit again very windy in november .
an unbelievable amount of russians here more built up and developed than i was anticipating too .
long son pagoda and ba ho waterfalls were good to visit though ba ho seemed to be having a very big touristy development built on it which was a weird contrast to the very difficult to climb and almost untouched waterfalls .
we biked to bai dai beach just make sure to take the first turn down to the beach before you hit the strip of resorts being built because it goes on forever and they wo n't let you through for access to the sand .
beautiful views on the way down but can see the whole area and vietnam in general being swallowed up by package resort tourism which is a shame .
this ended up being my favourite country of the visit .
though there 's not really pavements or waste management or sewage and you ca n't drink the water etc but there was little rampant tourism people were kind the weather was great and we saw some beautiful places .
phone sim will cost you about 5 and you can only top up limited data about 5 for 8gb .
prices cambodia has 2 currency system with usd and riel though most of the time you 're using usd 4,000 r 1 .
i felt like because of usd prices were rounded up a bit more so it was still cheap but more expensive than vietnam .
eating out probably about 5-7 or more if you 're not holding back .
there are n't many chain stores in cambodia so you 're at the mercy of individual places for a good selection of snacks and then hopefully not grossly inflated prices especially on western imports 2.50 for pringles ? .
make sure you haggle with tuk tuks or use passapp but that app needs some work so it 's often easier to take one that 's in the street .
in pp/sr/kampot getting around we paid no more than 3 .
we took a bus to phnom penh from hcmc which made the border crossing quite easy .
we had e-visa already printed out etc but it did n't seem to make our waiting time any shorter but saved us having to fill out any forms at border control .
phnom penh felt a lot nicer than hcmc as soon as we got there really .
still hot and dirty and hassled like hell for tuk tuks but i felt more kindness from cambodians .
compared to hcmc this was a whole lot quieter and more relaxed .
not every building has a formal address so if you 're not staying at a hotel airbnb bear in mind you might need more visual instructions to find your stay .
we stayed near the royal palace and the area round there though more for expats was chilled out and there were local markets not far to walk to temples and sites etc .
there are a few hotels in this area with pools if you need to cool off .
the one we tried we just took the lift up to the roof no problem but i had messaged another nearby that said it was for residents only .
siem reap though this city is pretty much here for angkor wat tourism i enjoyed being here not just to see the temples .
we stayed at this https www.airbnb.co.uk/rooms/26618151 ? wl_source=list wl_id=587866294 role=wishlist_owner adults=1 children=0 infants=0 source_impression_id=p3_1579686131_npeavmn1bqvjd7hp airbnb which was very reasonable and probably one of our favourite stays .
no pool but there were a few places nearby that were happy to let us use theirs we just bought drinks and food .
there are a few temples in the city near the city where you can see fruit bats all in the trees .
the river here is nice big market lots of cats .
angkor wat we bought a 3 day pass and went on a sunrise tour one morning and then did our own thing on the other days .
doing the tour means you get up and in for sunrise at the right time and it 's good to get some history about the places you 're seeing .
angkor wat temple itself was n't the most interesting to me and there are hundreds if not thousands of people there in the morning that makes it a lot less enjoyable .
bayon temple this was a cool 2 storey temple that is merged with depictions of hinduism and buddhism
you can hire a tuk tuk driver for a day around 15 mark or you can hire electric bikes in sr centre and take those around tourists not allowed to ride motorbikes in temple complex 5 for 24hrs .
just make sure to give your electric bike a good charge beforehand as the battery does n't always read right .
there is a restaurant in the complex you can swap your battery at the whole temple area is an extremely large place you can be 15mins drive in between spots so plan carefully .
koh rong island we took a flight from sr down to sihanoukville to then get the ferry across to koh rong .
our flight ended up being delayed by 12 hours welcome to cambodia so we had to stay a night in sihanoukville and go across the following day .
travelling from sihanouk airport to sihanouk we had to wear bandanas over our faces to stop breathing in the dust even though only one window in the car was cracked it 's hella dirty .
if you are travelling from the airport to town i highly discourage taking a tuk tuk or rickshaw the roads are not well surfaced in a more extreme manner than what i saw in pp and sr there are a lot of freight trucks which will need to be over or undertaken in order for the journey to not take hours .
taxis are unfortunately the most expensive here and the journey cost 20 .
sihanoukville i 'm told recent infiltration and development of sihanouk by the chinese has completely transformed the city in the last 2/3 years at an incredible rate with no care for the local khmer population .
it was possibly the worst place i 've ever visited .
dusty and dirty on another level open building sites and construction absolutely everywhere .
very young looking boy in a digger pulling up the pavement less than 5ft from a busy restaurant .
i had to climb up a 3ft pile of loose rubble to get to an atm because the whole side of the road had been obliterated .
if you are waiting for the ferry on beach road and you need an atm but they 're all broken like they were when i was there in december there is an atm on the actual pier .
i was stressing about taking money out for koh rong as i heard there was no way to get cash on the island but when i was there i saw a few places that offered cash out but i did n't try them .
i reccommend reading this https www.reddit.com/r/cambodia/comments/aih4fe/chinese_invasion_of_sihanoukville reddit thread and the linked https cne.wtf/2019/01/09/exclusive-chinese-describes-sihanoukville article by a chinese blogger about sihanouk .
i read this https www.travelfish.org/location/cambodia/southern_cambodia/sihanoukville/koh_rong travelfish article about koh rong which was very helpful too .
i had an impression from the article that the island is quite under developed which in some ways was definitely true however it was easy to do what we wanted and we did n't struggle for places to eat etc .
we stayed on the main pier though really this is still a small strip of restaurants and shops no resorts and spent most of our time on white sand beach .
koh rong could not be any more different than sihanouk and it was a great place to spend christmas and unwind .
we did n't do much other than swim and lie on the beach and it was great !
there were boat tours to take but a lot seemed to end with 'free drink and party ' and we were n't interested in that .
prices on the island were the same as pp/sr .
the only things that were a lot more expensive were activities someone had a jetski you could rent for 100.. and there was some tree top zip line you could do for about 20 .
we visited 4k beach next door which was a lot more remote beautiful as well but only one option to eat .
we came past coconut beach when we left on the speedboat and that looked to a bit less than the main pier but still stocked with a good few options .
overall the food we had on koh rong was some of the best !
very chilled with a nice central part of town with good places to eat .
there are hardly any big hotels or buildings over 3 stories it felt like a more real khmer place than somewhere like siem reap .
from kampot you can visit bokor mountain kep salt fields a lot of natural escapes .
unfortunately we both got very sudden aggressive gastro-bug or food poisoning so we spent 5 days pretty much inside doing nothing was going to happen at some point .
kampot was a quiet place and we were able to recover well here though .
kampot to koh chang from kampot we travelled to koh chang thailand .
i 'd seen some speculation online that it was n't possible to do this trip in one day but having done it i can say yes it is but it is a long day .
almost every bus trip we took on our adventure meant that we lost all of the day no motorways in viet/cambodia however the quality of transport means it can take even longer .
vietnam was good with sleeper or semi sleeper buses however in cambodia our 6.5 hour trip from kampot to the thai border at trat was 16 people in a 12 seater minibus plus a baby.. so bear in mind long distance trips in cambodia can be testing !
from trat border we got a minibus to the bus station then a songalew/thai taxi to the ferry and then a minibus took us to our hotel on the other side 12 hour trip .
much more infastructure and felt more modern than cambodia and vietnam but i could n't really get a vibe for the place and felt like a lot had been lost to the prevalent tourism .
i would maybe visit again but staying away from coastal areas if felt like the spain of south east asia .
prices could be a little more on top of cambodian prices but you could find cheap places to eat .
7/11 and family mart very cheap snacks for pennies .
bangkok as this was our last stop we did n't travel to many temples or big spots outside the city because money haha ... we stayed away from the expat areas the museum of art culture had a cool free exhibition the malls siam discovery siam paragon are worth visiting for the food halls and just to see .
where we stayed had a pool so we took it pretty easy .
we bought a bike in hcmc via facebook marketplace i would suggest if you know anyone viet to get them to help you get the true price because as a tourist you 're probably seeing an inflated price tag .
if not that it might be possible to get one from another backpacker but then you may be at the mercy of any damages or issues with the bike they 're not aware of as they are n't familiar with bikes .
we took our bike honda cub c 50 to nha trang with us stowed in our sleeper bus we visited a few bus trip/tourist places and one was happy to do it for us .
i think for 2 people and the bike was about £23 one way so not bad at all .
you 'll have to empty the fuel before it goes in the bus so just remember that at the other end you might have to give your bike a min to run the fuel through it again .
we sold it in nha trang because it was n't quite powerful enough to get us around with any bags i was not in charge of buying bike haha ... .
bikes are more than easy to rent in every country we went to for probably £5 a day max .
we had a bike in koh chang but i know in thailand there are more rules about tourist rental so i would swerve riding on the mainland .
the most hectic place we rode was hcmc so i would just suggest avoiding that if you can even if you ride in your home country .
we sold our bike in nha trang via facebook marketplace .
we took a loss but it was more about cutting our dead weight before the rest of our trip so to speak .
if you really want to ride a lot in seasia cambodia has no restrictions on tourists having bikes up to 125cc if you want to play the legal legal route not that i saw any police in cambodia over 3 weeks ! .
a bike is also a responsibility and if you 're wanting to feel completely free while travelling it might not be right to buy one .
i travelled with a full face helmet and i was grateful for it on windy rides and hectic places likes hcmc .
if you 're not planning on riding a lot then this is definitely not essential but finding a full face helmet that fits that is n't too bootleg to break on you might be some things to consider bare in mind i was planning on doing long rides when planning this trip initially .
as mentioned i have strong intolerance to all dairy products and am generally vegan i still eat eggs maybe once a week and might have fish and chips a few times a year .
with the exception to intolerances and allergies i think the best approach to eating in south east asia or travelling in general is be willing to be flexible .
i only like to eat plant based but i 'm happy to eat eggs and at a push will eat fish or chicken .
this is obviously not what i want to do for every meal but consider that you might be getting places late at night options that are clearly described in english as not containing your allergens may only have meat in them etc .
when i travelled to japan and also for all these countries i wrote 'i can not eat dairy etc ' in english on google translate and then screenshotted the response in the desired language if i needed to show someone to confirm ingredients .
for japan i looked up pre made examples as i know the kanji can sometimes not translate directly but here i just had the google translate page as a back up .
hong kong a lot of english spoken here and a lot of specifically vegan places however they are more expensive .
at 7/11 they sell the 'kind ' granola bars which are vegan and yummy !
and i also ate the ready made egg and rice sushi balls .
some ingredients were listed in english but i do n't remember finding any other easy go-to 's .
at bakeries of which there are a lot almost everything appears to be cream filled buttered flaky pastry .
i found i could eat walnut and raisin breads without any noticeable issues but i did n't have an ingredients list to check .
vietnam in hcmc i was very lucky to be staying down the road from a fully vegan restaurant that had ice cream vegan banh mi smoothies etc healthy world in district 1 there is another somewhere else in the city .
tofu was on menus and on an english menu in a viet place i could safely pick something veggie .
asking for a dish to be 'chay ' means veggie and that works too .
because everything is so cheap it seemed to be easy enough to eat here .
desserts were limited with the exception of a vegan shop .
they do have oreos in general for all these countries i hope you like oreos because they 're the only dessert option most place !
tofu did appear on menus i would recommend trying tofu lok lak as a veggie khmer dish it will probably come with a fried egg and i was able to ask for curries just veggie or with tofu .
i ate mostly eggs and toast of some kind for breakfast because that was a filling option .
every city i was in there was at least one vegan cafe or restaurant that was not too much more ££ than a normal meal so i knew at least i could get myself something nice and safely vegan every other day while keeping a budget .
i was concerned about koh rong being a remote island that i would struggle to eat but this was one of the best places !
there is a purely veggie/vegan restaurant on the main pier as well as other restaurants offering vegan pizza veggie pad thai tofu curries etc .
i also found a second kind of chocolate biscuit that was n't an oreo here !
koh chang/thailand though we were back to having access to 7/11 the options seemed more limited and thailand was my least favourite place to eat .
in 7/11 i did find a few different kinds of almond milk oreos !
some options at the food halls were inari sushi subway hash browns and a few other but more pricey dedicated vegan restaurants in the central district .
you deserve a medal if you made it this far any questions please ask me thanks
so i have been doing the casino heist and have been grinding it into the dirt .
i do not like seeing gold pop up anymore because i can not grab the trolly indicated with g. the indication with the left d-pad does not appear at all .
i am on xbox one and have tried several ways but my friends run into the same problem as well .
also if you are grabbing gold and then back off the trolly the option to get back on to the table will not appear as well .
anyone know where i can find korean chili flake ?
since i was 13 i have from time to time weird dream 's about injury .
i can feel it and it seems so realistic .
i felt the blood exiting my arm fast when the vision got blurry and passed out .
is it normal i got some weird ass ability ?
what prequests or what worlds do i need to finish to unlock the catacombs i am lvl 126 too
this one took a bit longer the semester started and i already feel overwhelmed by schoolwork .
but i have finished all of my syllabus quizzes and student questionnaires for the day .
another chapter another quote about just how difficult it is to be a slaving despot i mean have power .
the person likely the lord ruler '' notes that prophecy says he 'll have the power to save it world but hints that he 'll be able to destroy it too .
that 's familiar from the wheel of time with one key difference here it 's save or destroy '' in wheel of time it 's save and destroy . ''
i do n't really have any deeper thoughts there beyond noting that it 's interesting how much of a difference one little word can make .
we 're back with kelsier and he 's in luthadel too !
he agrees with me that it 's gloomy and the description of the city that follows is oppressive dark downright claustrophobic .
structures were generally darkest at the top where the ash gathered but rainwaters and evening condensations had carried the stains over ledges and down walls .
like paint running down a canvas the darkness seemed to creep down the sides of buildings in an uneven gradient .
i love this and i can picture it so vividly .
it 's symbolic too the darkness of luthadel and its society begins at the top infecting everything below it .
skaa slaves clear the ash off as best they can and bring it to the river running through the city so that it can be washed away i 'd hate to see what impact this has on the ecosystem downstream ... in any case this is a sisyphean task since more ash keeps coming down .
to make things worse the city 's main export is metal and that industry ca n't do much good for the city 's environment .
and of course the lord ruler lives in a giant black palace in the middle of the city .
the description some kind of massive multi-spined insect '' is wonderfully evocative and also ick .
memo to the lord ruler if you 're living in a dystopian city in a giant black palace likened to an insect you 're probably the bad guy .
kelsier is nervous about being recognized since he was captured here in luthadel three years ago .
however he thinks that one day he 'll want to be seen and recognized if everything goes well .
does it involve killing the lord ruler and burning kredik shaw down to the ground ?
he meets up with a man named dockson and the two seem to be old friends discussing tresting 's murder .
kelsier has big plans planning some mystery job that gives me the expendables vibes and there are a few things that pique my interest here .
one 'mistings ' which seems to be the name for a magic user of kelsier 's type .
vin might be one of the same type her luck thing seemed different and if she drew on metal she did n't seem to realize it but i also doubt one setting has two different kinds of magic .
it seems mistings come in different flavors as well like smoker and tineye .
i assume a smoker either creates fire obscuring smoke or both tineye ... uh ...
murdered a noble and his people in cold blood and happy to make jokes about it not that i 'm complaining could n't have happened to nicer people yet does n't want this ruddy '' fellow on the job because he 's not a good enough person .
three he has a brother named marsh who is apparently a prude and no interest in his brother 's rebellion .
four some fellow named yeden is bankrolling the whole thing .
sometimes kelsier felt that a skaa misting 's life was n't so much about surviving as it was about picking the right time to die .
pov change to vin who is skulking around the crew 's main lair to keep the men from molesting her and her luck does regenerate i expected as much .
storytime my dad used to be part of this dart club .
when my grandmother could n't babysit he 'd bring me with him .
shady place in the basement of an apartment building no windows it 's a miracle i did n't contract lung cancer from all of the indoor smoking going on .
i 'm crap at darts and always have been but there was unlimited popcorn frozen pan pizza and soda .
the bartender had bright green nails longer than her actual fingers and taught me how to fold paper airplanes .
there was a guy with an eyepatch i think it was just for show who taught me how to play othello .
another guy always brought his two giant mastiffs and i 'd nap in a pile with them on the floor .
it was amazing and the description of the safe house other than the inhabitants reminds me of that dart club .
i think this is going to become a common phrase of mine but vin really needs a hug .
most women in luthadel 's underworld end up as prostitutes and it 's a daily struggle for vin to keep herself from joining them .
but vin is strong and knows she 's strong and the beatings do nothing except to make her more sure of that .
camon sees her and tells her that it 's time and smash cut to the exterior of the ministry 's canton of finance .
vin is part of camon 's entourage of skaa servants '' and that 's interesting because camon said last chapter that he would n't go into the canton ...
that 's right camon is double-crossing his would-be partner in an absolutely shocking twist .
and here i thought this guy seemed so trustworthy !
the betrayal seems well thought out but vin is uneasy .
because of the morality of it or because she has a bad feeling about this ?
they 're met not with prelan laird but with high prelan arriev who has the fancy facial tattoos to match and vin agrees with me that this can not be good .
arriev is cagey asking camon to plead his case again and it 's all very tense ... vin uses her luck on the obligator .
vin 's instincts are screaming something still feels wrong the high prelan is smiling which is wrong they get their money the scam seems successful ...
but i have to give brandon sanderson props here because the writing itself feels anxious .
they leave the canton building with their coins there 's no attempt at an arrest .
but that apparently '' at the end does n't inspire great confidence in the plan 's success .
pov switch back to kelsier and he 's eating cupcakes .
and oh he and dockson at the canton of finance watching camon and vin walk out .
vin is in fact the reason they 're there it makes sense that knowledge about camon 's good luck charm '' is starting to make the rounds and alright she 's definitely a misting .
i 'll have to come up with something particularly suitable to do to that man .
and apparently she is instinctively using the metal magic through burning trace minerals in the drinking water .
and there it is and holy fuck aaaaaa eye things bother me and the steel inquisitor with big metal spikes through his eyes is definitely an eye thing aaaaaaaaaaaaa
okay i 'm disturbed and so are kelsier and dockson less for the eye thing more for the part where this is a steel inquisitor .
turns out that obligators are trained to recognize when allomancy is used on them and detected vin 's luck trick .
and now camon and vin are leading the inquisitor straight back to their hideout .
dockson and kelsier decide to do what they can to save them dockson by dealing with the tails guaranteed to be on them kelsier by distracting the steel inquisitor .
the eight basic allomantic metals are named in the process and it irks me vaguely that not all of them are alloys .
when i woke up this morning and turned my pc on i discovered nothing is happening when i press the power button .
upon further inspection it seems the motherboard lights are still on however as opposed to having a breathing effect as they normally do they are just a solid colour .
i have tried taking out the power cords switching out power boards and testing them with other devices monitor and phone charger which both worked fine plugging the pc in at the wall taking the ram out and trying to turn it on no beep and taking out the ram sticks and graphics card and putting them back in all which yielded no results .
i 'm chasing any help i can get with this issue .
official render from mcb real estate https preview.redd.it/emop4h1zohc41.jpg ? width=695 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=7c93fcb35311c2ff2bf7eed8b6dc9a9123b9d3bf
looks like we will have another addition to the skyline in a great place .
building is 40 stories and will be mix-use with office/residential/hotel components .
should add a good amount of street activity/vibrancy to pratt
i ca n't read chinese so i ca n't switch the language to english !
on another computer it used hebrew for some reason but i can read hebrew so i was able to switch the language to english once i imported the seed and i was able to reach the main metamask ui .
i 'd like to get some advice on which would be a better choice for me from the following two packages
europa universalis iv tons of dlc in humble bundle for 15 euro
a bit of a background what kind of strategies i enjoyed and why .
i invested about a 1000 hours combined to total war warhammer 1 and 2 and grew to love it so much i 've read literally a dozen books in it 's universe in the past 2 years .
i tried to get into crusader kings 2 with the gesimnichtnacht mod which turns it into warhammer fantasy however due to technical difficulties i could not as it always crashed on loading screen .
the only other paradox experience i have is 5 hours of stellaris and i must say i was n't a fan at all it was way too sterile for me being more of a spreadsheet simulator .
speaking of spreadsheet simulators i tremendously enjoyed endless space 2 because it 's very intuitive ui that somehow manges to look beautiful despite being a spreadsheet .
i was n't too keen on creating all my units from zero which is what bothers me in endless legend and keeps me away from it along with it 's battle system i much prefer being given premade units like civilization does it .
i did n't like civ5 much but got into civ6 for a decent 30 hours the warmer '' overall feel of the ui world colour palette was much more attratice to me than the deep blue that made me uncomfortable for whatever reason i can not explain .
i also very much enjoy battlefleet gothic armada 2 which is a mixture of civ and total war with space wars and anno 2250 because i felt there is something new to be learned every hour or two due to the different building rules of different enviroments but i kind of killed that game off for myself when i put my company on the stock market and rivals started to buy my own campaign achievements from me without me wanting that .
i ca n't see myself getting into another strategy for hundreds or a thousand hour and as i 've heart europa universalis is that kind of game .
however if a campaign or two can keep me playing for 20-30-40 hours that 's enough for me if achieveing world domination and playing around in diplomacy is actually fun and something that anyone can pick up easily who are not new to these types of games .
frostpunk however seems to be much more attractive to me visually and thematically but i 'm afraid it will end up like this war of mine where i spend two days to finish a campaign and i want to play more because i 'm still deep in the i love this '' phase however i already have the i finished this '' feeling that puts me off from wanting to launch it again .
also i 'm not sure of it 's depth gameplaywise if it 's on anno level that 's okay but any simpler than that like tropico is not fun for me because it 's not really about building a good looking city that makes up for the lack of depth in case of tropico .
edit i use a remote controller to do it in order to not die .
so i got a ps4 after over 10 years out of gaming .
i got myself god of war and was totally blown away .
when i got the ps4 i promised my wife i would n't become someone who is just gaming all the time this game made me break that promise !
completely immersive storytelling unbelievable worlds in stunning graphics sometimes i just canoe around for no reason awesome gameplay .
... you have to go it alone in helheim changing the basic gameplay due to a plot twist was awesome .
you can imagine what this was like after over 10 years of not gaming and even when i did not doing particularly serious games .
i am still doing post-story stuff but have got to the point where i am not as immersed and want something new .
edit thanks for your responses seems to be a good consensus with a lot of titles coming up a lot .
i 'll now have a list to go to whenever i let myself buy a new game !
to preface i apologize if this question may be a bit obvious to some .
i have n't been able to follow the professional scene as of late .
i have a question for any pros or team staff members or anyone else with insight regarding player development and the relatively recent changes to the epl and ecs formats .
what changes to player development have you noticed as a direct or indirect consequence of the format changes from regularly scheduled online games to lans ?
is it more difficult to develop new professional players or have you found it to be easier ?
do you think this format could foster development for the next generation or will it potentially stunt it ?
also to flip this to another aspect of the pro scene have there been any noticeable changes with regards to talents and staff casters analysts observers organizers stage designers etc .
improvements more diversity as in more active people who can perform at a decent level etc .
how do you deal with the meteor phase in the armored xehanort fight ?
i cant see anything at all its really flashy for me ... .
basic components of computer – a system is defined as a set of interacting elements responding to inputs so as to produce outputs .
i am writing a paper on rilke 's sonnets to orpheus and i 'd like to talk about the interplay of the human subject and the nonhuman withing the text .
those of you who have read the sonnets will attest one significant motif in the sonnets to orpheus is the elements from nature trees/plants/the soil becoming possessed with human-like qualities .
i find this interesting and have chosen to write my paper on this .
my question is what scholars i can look at who have written about this at some reasonable length ?
i looked online but there is little info available .
there is a very tiny wikipedia article and nothing on sep. all i found was a lecture by peter singer on the humanity of animals that is n't very useful for my paper .
i seem to be a lot sensible to low dosages of lsd .
for example i would feel the effects of 100ug while presumably on 50ug .
with presumably i mean that i 'm obviously not capable of a precise measure of my blotter 's concentration but anyway a personal statistic comes to help .
moreover i also compared the effects of the same amount on me wrt several friends .
any paper on different dosages given to a significant number of testers to at least qualitatively determine the average effects ?
i 'm just curious about the possible reason why i feel lsd so much .
my lsd is elrich tested so at least i know i have an indole alcaloid .
i 'm almost sure it is lsd as i also tried nbome 's and stuff so i can easily tell the differences .
i get why shipment is 5v5 but shoothouse plays so poorly with 5v5 the game feels so much slower and just less fun and more campy idk but i even think as crazy as 6v6 shipment is its still way more fun than 5v5 also this is just my opinion so if u disagree please do n't flood me with downvotes xx
hi folks the motherboard i 'm got for my next build came with a pair of heatsinks with thermal double sided tape for the m.2 slots .
question is do i have to remove the stickers on the chips of the ssds before mounting the heatsinks ?
just wondering if there is any heat transfer benefit in doing so .
r saw a similar trade a week ago so i thought i would see if anyone was willing to trade masterballs for xl exp candies .
for 1 masterball i am offering to level your pokemon from 1 to 100 34 xl candies worth you can also divide up the use of candies as you like 20 in one pokemon 14 in another etc .
i know it 's unlikely but i thought i would try .
how often did you die on the final floors resulting in the handheld being thrown across the room ?
maybe that 's how he did all the good he did ...
if you ca n't find a hook-up maybe reevaluate who you are as a person
waking up with a dry mouth is my last favorite part of winter
your lack of comments on r/flyers means you 're not a flyers fan .
you do n't need to comment on the subreddit to be a true flyers fan ''
in fact the reason why i do n't comment here more often is because of people like you ... consider that in the future .
and of course in your last comment you could n't even say outright that you are a flyers fan .
agreed plus static and good unit testing do n't mix well .
i 'd teach myself to fight tell myself to grow a pair and finally stand up to that fucking bully .
here are a few tips to minimize your risks when trading in let 's go pikachu/eevee !
most scammers place other users in private situations to avoid having their actions seen in public .
also note that for your trade to count for flair every part of the conversation should be public so that all details can be confirmed .
since another random player can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner is using it is important that you double check that you are trading with the right person .
if you are trading shiny pokémon please make sure that your post and other users ' offers contain the full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules .
this is to provide more visibility so you know how the pokémon you are trading for was obtained .
if you see any posts that do not have the full details please report it so that the moderators can be aware of the situation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
bate kush '' and it 's weed you smoke just so you can beat off high
there 's a consumable that 's changed a lw to lm and rw to rm
today started gearing up like normal 4 shadow 2 bag then circuits started since i was there during class time and i joined .
in no particular order which created havoc there were these stations lateral jumps punching while switching feet on the nike zumba steps agility ladder push ups with lateral crawling the coach giving you 1-2s on mitts with blocks/slips med ball slams with sprints slip rope round and 3 rounds of bag work .
then we did some core which included crunches raised leg crunches oblique sit ups in two leg position variations and leg throwdowns for a whole fucking round .
i would not be the first or the last .
posts and comments that encourage brigading will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/landlordlove if you have any questions or concerns .
did anyone just see this ingram ad or whatever did n't know dude is like this mellow like he 's not even stone cold he 's just a mellow ass dude he just said he does n't get emotional not hard to believe tbh
this subreddit is for posting screenshots of redditors who added a post in the wrong subreddit not for actual lost redditors .
i ordered each individual piece and built myself a taser
have you considered using 5-htp important to research first as a supplement and maybe even combine it with cbd oil should do just fine for your expectations .
and no addiction or relatively low chances of getting a real addiction .
if it could not spark my interest after giving it that much of a chance then i do n't think that speaks very well of the show .
i forget what the command is ... maybe double-clicking or right-clicking in the spellbook ?
sorry ca n't help you there i 'm not familiar with that .
but if you have a budget and just want to upgrade a few things i do n't see why not .
ohh that 's what you meant in this case i have no idea but good luck to you !
for some reason half the sub thinks anyone saying anything bad about ryan is a troll lmao
umm if you do go through with this do n't forget to go over the legal issues related to this if your the father you could become responsible for child support and other stuff .
not to mention working out what the kid is told later in life about who his dad is or is n't .
id recomend not using the heated dry function until the element has been replaced .
also verifying it is not staying on too long is important too .
most dishwasher now have thermal fuses to prevent this but some older units do not .
in messi 's own words '' it took me 17 years and 114 days to become an overnight success '' .
a great example of his work ethic is how he turned from a good freekick taker to the best one in the world .
he lied about the cause of loan it 's not like made men just clean up messes for non family members
i have a fanny pack that has all the gear i need but sometimes i just want to carry no bag but then i '' ll be missing half my gear and wont be prepared for anything .
i '' ll be like okay i '' ll just bring wallet and keys but wait i might need my pen oh wait i should bring my flashlight too might as well bring the whole bag nvm too heavy .
ends up needing a pen or flashlight or multitool for whatever reason
it 's easy to assume other people 's lives are perfect especially if that is what they are portraying on social media .
but we honestly do n't know what happens behind those screens .
over the past few years i have seen so many dream wedding '' and baby photos pop up on social media and now i am beginning to see the divorces happen .
as someone who comes from a dysfunctional home with divorced parents i wholeheartedly agree that getting married and having babies does not equate to happiness .
i love tossing a volatile dynamite or volatile fire bottle into their stupid lil congregations
can you imagine gettin ' a face lift and one week later you 're in jail ?
you must live in a very liberal area or a completely white area because it most definitely is used in a racist way
one of the floggers i have made actually has a large 1.5 '' diam ball bearing for its pommel '' counterweight .
very effective at producing bruises and words that sound like yellow '' or holy fuck ouch '' .
some folks love the smell of leather and often their own scent so draping a used flogger over their face can be quite erotic .
as with a belt grabbing each end and wrapping around the neck has obvious applications ...
it 's my first solo boardgame experience aside from playing both players for a learning game and still reminds me how the ai cleverly abstructs the game and still feels like playing against an actual opponent .
especially i love the way it behaves differently according to its start world tile .
low key i feel like miami is the perfect spot for him
more specifically he 's dishing out bad times in the afterlife .
you can marinate it this is when you put the meat in a ziplock bag with water and a bunch of random fruits or vegetables and sometimes stock it takes 3 to 4 hours but it lets juice soak in it so it 's hard to mess up
animated gif of mac 's npr tiny desk concert .
what they 're talking about is funny things mac would say during said concert
what does it say at the bottom of the paper ?
the counselor might be able to help you more on this specific issue because he 's closer to the problem too .
if he 's a decent person with ethics he will have your best interests at heart and not the school 's .
puff after a long day of dealing with spongebob patrick
no i need it to make a very specific hi-c dammit
you should n't ruin your future just to say suck it up to a person you dont like .
after you survive this gayness of overprotective karen mom you will be one of the few living legends left to tell the story about how you survived a karen mom .
now i would love to read a book about that .
we 're living in a dictatorship a self-perpetuating autocracy in which the working class
i have not replied for so long and its 2020 xd
maybe it 's time for the universe to gift you a catio !
i think it 's the laser weapon from 64 .
.2 would likely not be noticeable in a great grandparent as the great grandparent could be anywhere from .2 10 .
if you wan na find this ancestor i suggest looking for photos of 3rd great grandparents or further .
or.. you could just say no instead of going along with the guy who forgot the condom .
it 's the synopsis of each game i 'm pretty sure
three eternal preservation edition-exclusive books made up of treasured scenario drafts from the legend of heroes trails of cold steel i to iii previously only seen by staff and produced before main scenario writings and various design works characters settings etc. .
uncensored features developments scenes and so on different from the actual game scenario entirely untouched as their original drafts .
am i gon na have to play this all over again ?
so i 've talked to my doc about progesterone but she didnt seem to think there would be a benefit .
shes wonderful but i have a feeling i 'm one of her first trans patients if not the first and she may not be up to date with all the relevant info .
do you have any resources that show the benefits of progesterone specifically when it comes to breast development ?
also in dnd lore there 's a group of beings called the elder evils .
they are completely alien existed before the gods and are some of the strangest and most terrifying beings there are .
they are definitely worth a look as their lore is perfect inspiration for a nightmare realm considering that they would easily belong there themselves .
it 's a nightmare fuel creation by the likes of none other than goblin punch and this mind control and memory manipulation monster is perfect for a nightmare realm .
also check out their article on the rotlands and their stuff on druids .
grew up catholic as well i am not a fan .
bruh i 'm a high schooler who has done way too much research because im paranoid about getting a job in such a competitive field .
but like people have said a lot of this stuff is a wishlist not a requirement .
so do people like their lattes as just creamer nowadays ?
classic strain and the same lineage as presidential kush which i also reviewed but it 's obvious that both had differentiating profiles .
this one smelled and tasted like straight lemon pledge with earthy and pine undertones .
smooth and flavourful smoke that burned a light coloured ash with some pepper .
very nostalgic strain for me and when it 's done right it 's great .
like most og 's the high is perfect for anytime of the day with it 's evenly balanced effects .
slightly indica leaning because of the burn out afterwards but nothing severe .
so what you 're saying is that both let people get away with cheating but that at least selig did it for a reason and on purpose .
in spirit i want to disagree but factually i can not .
oh you were nice about it ... that 's a nice surprise
i update it regularly anyways but i 'm not sure if i should post every update ...
i have n't shot my k98k yet as i only got it yesterday but with my m91/30 groups no larger than 6cm with my handloads are normal at 100 meters .
it 's a fun experience especially taking part in service rifle competition .
we have almost the exact same interests but i 'm almost 3 years younger .
i like to find inspiration from instagram bloglovin pinterest and movies and television .
i keep it all organized in my pinterest i 'll pin the stuff i find on instagram to pinterest and i 'll find photos from movies/tv to pin so i have it all in one space .
i especially found it helpful after i organized my inspo pictures by weather type and then within that i organized it so similar elements would be together ex white shirts plaid pants or camel coats would be together respectively .
after that it was easier to find the items in my closet and then look at my inspo photos and see the different ways i could style it .
you could also make different folders for different elements and organize it that way .
i have certain celebs and bloggers that i follow on each platform and when i look on pinterest i tend to look for street style trends to find more modern pictures .
thank you for using it it 's the first wallpaper i 've ever made afterall .
opened my own firm supplemented by assisting a small firm with their excess caseload .
this submission has been automatically removed due to linking to an unapproved domain .
please re-upload the image to a quality image host such as imgur http imgur.com or gfycat http gfycat.com and resubmit .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/celebritybutts if you have any questions or concerns .
they just did n't have to follow through with it once the bribe was ousted and then the white house attempted to cover it up .
normally when someone posts a talisman here we tell them that talismans are pretty much always garbage .
it 's a shame about the anointment and that will hurt the sale price but it 's a good item for sure .
the rate looks correct but the problem is that none of this is controlled for socioeconomic factors and people keep implying that race is the issue .
i was worried about that too especially when i started at the trip at 5am and it was dark .
i used rain mode high beam and kept my eyes well down the road .
i also tried to take roads that are well traveled because i figured those would be taken care of in the case that there was actually ice on them .
after watching the trailer i 'll keep an eye on it .
looks a bit more anime than i would like but it might still be good .
i worked in graphic design for a newspaper from 2006-2011 .
ya know right when the shit hit the fan with the great recession .
there were many overt symptoms like quarterly mandatory furloughs unpaid forced time off frequent layoffs lots of consolidation .
it was easy to read the writing on the wall .
i got out fine ... found another gig before being laid off or downsized .
on more subtle symptom i noticed i was on some internal new product development committee which was an interdepartmental group charged with r d for new products .
overtime i knew it was all shit because every single new idea ultimately came down to but how can we sell advertisements in it ? .
in other words the company was more concerned about developing new products to sell advertisement placements in rather than coming up with products that subscribers actually wanted to consume .
fuck man come up with something people want and then figure out how to stick advertisements in it later not the other way around ... they were doomed and i do n't really feel bad about it .
in 2006 when i started the stock price was around 85/share ... when i left in 2011 it was around 12 .
yeah agreed but kemba is rarely this cold and the production is there from other players so it works
what do you mean by leaning over the back foot ?
watto he is the true hero of the faraway galaxies .
yoda that green frog man who happened to teach that blonde dude with the sentient trash can about how to become a psychic type pokemon
the bar band on tatooine you know how the tune goes so yeah. doo dee doo dee doo dee doo doo doo doodle ah doo doo dee doo doo doo dee doo dee doo dee doo doo dee doo doo doo banumpnump .
qui-gon jinn i have a flygon named fly-gon jinn who kick dracovish 's anal region .
han solo he literally dresses the same as shrek for god 's sake
let 's not pretend like we have anything better to do
unpopular simply means not many share or agree with such opinion it does n't mean it 's not a valid one .
that being said sex object '' perhaps would not be the best word to describe such thing mainly due to object usually referring to something lifeless .
hah that will never be a widely known expression but oh well your core ideas are not incorrect .
this has happened before and will continue to happen over and over and over and
i 'll definitely try to see if i can find a difference or similarity between the feelings !
she 's the most amazing person i 've met .
i hope i can be as strong as her one day .
and they quarantined the woman following protocol as any country would do .
oh and btw i just have rechargeable aa 's and not a battery pack haha
something i 'd really want would either be ultimate development plan but with more character interactions or maybe some sort of demo for the original danganronpa distrust .
i feel like the latter would be more likely .
i never said there was a cure and the comment about accepting defeat was towards the general you not the specific you .
despite sharing i 'm in a better place now i still deal with suicidal ideation as well as plenty of other less than desirable effects of my mental illness .
it did n't go away but it did lessen and that 's been awesome .
i 'm genuinely sorry you have n't been able to find relief and do n't disagree with you that folks should be able to opt out as those with other chronic illnesses are able to do in some places preferably with the appropriate checks in place so it is the last resort
but based on your previous responses i 'm sure there is nothing that i can say that will help you understand i was not meaning to be malicious with my comments nor do i think i know more than my personal experiences and those of the people i know .
truly best of luck to you in whatever life brings you .
ironically relating to the post feels more like mod abuse at this point because none of specified reasons are valid .
rofl there 's nothing tyrannical about congress issuing a legal subpoena .
the tyranny would be the executive being unaccountable and above the law .
it only goes to the judiciary because it 's illegal and takes longer at which point you would complain it was dragged out in an election year .
stop carrying water for the most obviously corrupt president and party in modern us politics
it will show you how to do everything you need to do to get them to look just like on the box .
i hear it 's pure functional programming which i 'm excited to see because i love being as functional as i can in my code but do n't truly always do it which i admit does make me feel a lot of guilt .
not from a kitchen job but i got let go from a job a couple years back .
had four of the guys i supervised quit as a result .
there are n't many better feelings than that kind of loyalty
tlj is esb and rotj combined but was so incompetent at it that jj had to come in and make another mutually exclusive copy-paste of esb and rotj combined to try and salvage anything from this dumpster fire of a trilogy .
yeah sao had a lot of potential it just depends upon the writer to execute it properly .
in sao s2 the ggo arc was stupid and uninteresting but the ggo spinoff with female lead karen is so good compared to main sao series .
some other writer wrote it and it shows how much better the show could have been if some competent writer wrote it .
if you have n't watched it i highly recommend you to do so it 's on netflix i believe .
it has this female protagonist who starts playing game because she has a complex about her height .
as she gets into the game she meets new players and befriends them .
every character has a reason to play game and it 's related to their real life problems .
unlike sao 's life and death problems ggo focuses more on grounded problems .
for example karen the female mc is a tall girl and due to her tall stature she often feels self conscious so in game she makes a short character and uses only pink equipment so she could feel like a small cute girl which she always wanted to be .
she starts to play game for that reason but slowly starts gaining confidence both in game and in real world .
now she could make real life friends in school which she always wanted to .
the game now has become something important in her life this show shows why some games are so important for some people .
she finds a friend in school who is short but plays ggo so she could have a tall character in game .
one other member is using a badass military character in game because in real life he is a whiny loser and the game let 's him escape the reality .
every character uses the game to escape or to cope with their real life problems .
the game is based around the idea of using video games for escapism some do it for good reasons that benefit their lives in positive ways while others indulge in bad ways .
honestly ggo is a bad spin off for sao it 's nothing like the mains series .
it is such a great title that it deserves it 's own series .
it 's not the generic wish fulfilment romance fantasy anime it 's more of slice of life action anime which focuses on friendship and stuff .
literally just got an armed and dangerous game with him like 2 hours ago he had to leave for scrims when he got knocked but was a good player .
i live i an area with a ton of hoa 's and while it is true they manage the local pools and amenities of some of the communities they also enforce community rules .
do n't want a car parked on a lawn ?
do n't want someone 's lawn getting over grown ?
do n't want a crazy paint job in your track ?
all these things are enforced to keep property values high .
i grew up in an area that got rid of all their hoa 's it 's now a slum .
for every nicely kept home there 's 5 that are unkept .
but they serve a purpose and usually the complaints are from people that are bringing down the property value to begin with .
i 've been to therapists that take my emotional reactions to specific situations personally and it affected their approach .
i think that op reasonably showed up to therapy upset because he had specific ongoing concerns about the relationship that his partner was not addressing .
when he let his emotions out the therapist wrongly assumed that he 's like that all the time instead of exploring his feelings and validating his anger .
overall i think the best outcome was achieved but goddamn .
her deception and op 's reality is everybody 's worst nightmare on this sub .
if he transfers mid year does that mean he 's immediately eligible to play at the start of next year at his new college ?
it 's more that she was an asshole and expected him not to attack back because she is a woman but suuurreee
i 've got that red biome the mobs there are really good .
bro you are totally fucking with my cop boner right now .
my dads mom used to give my mom pantyhose for christmas .
in a size that was at least 3 times too big for her .
off market short term plans if you are healthy are pretty cheap .
the was an auto correct from that. thanks for pointing it out .
the comment was a running joke to a dodgers fan about about the use of replay film and sign stealing and how the joke could have caught someone off guard but since i was tipped off to the delivery i 'd be ready for the punchline later .
that wave patterned black and white sidewalk ... classic brazilian streets .
you should not even more so on global mainly because dbh does not have a category leader only a sub and pulls are not discounted nor is there free multis or tickets none of those units are mandatory and they take a while to release their dokkan awaken and they probably wont get an eza for at least a year for pure value the christmas go bros banner was a lot better .
dokkan fest lrs will pop a lot more often on banners too since we got more of them 9 with the two from anniv we will probably get and they will all at least come back once a year next ones to come back are gon na be cell and gohan and i believe that banner is gon na be insane .
an amazing piece of art it looks like the real thing !
but for some reason my fan-art is n't being accepted as a post ...
it 's a drawing of a sith trooper helmet .
so since your new here i feel like i should explain how this game kind of works .
she has spent years out of meta only to be brought back with her story mode buffs being released today .
green odin which you have will have a similar story event and buffs released in the next few months .
neither top tier but both are serviceable to strong in end game content .
cards flip flop between good '' and bad '' in this game over the course of months .
which brings me to my next point niche cards .
a top tier sub in the best team can have a perfectly usable replacement .
the best sub for you is the one in your box .
all it takes is realizing why that sub is used whether it be damage utility or stats and finding the best replacement in your box .
the hardest content is beat with suboptimal '' teams every day .
it all just depends on how you want to play the game .
the pad meta of the past year or so has involved primarily power collaboration cards .
collab cards are only available in limited runs and generally are incredibly meta shaping and powerful .
seasonal cards fill this description to a certain degree .
your box in particular lacks the current meta dominating chase cards and much synergy which is why many are telling you to reroll .
which is n't bad advice if your looking for the most optimal route .
but if your just looking to have fun and cut your own path your box is perfectly fine for that .
you do n't have enough rolls to start developing synergies yet .
go run normal dungeons until you hit rank 20 then give the story mode a try .
you will get 121 stones just for beating the first chapter of the story .
if you decide you enjoy this game then i would advise using those 121 stones in the next seasonal super godfest or the next big collab to hit na .
that 's when you should decide if rerolling is right for you .
mind i add these comment in original post with giving you credits ?
rather then trying to say something stupid go ask ttcc or crossroads .
they will be able to point you in the right direction .
might be possible to get your d class and do your f or c at the same time .
when i did my az i also got my c .
public will catch on soon but by then it will be 'too late ' ... as it usually goes for the retail investor
1 you say people will resort to name calling and then you 're the one who calls them clowns ?
2 he 's the one who made the claim without evidence .
each compartment seals completely meaning his yoghurt wont leak in to his sandwiches .
also because it seals so well if he does n't eat his cut apple slices on monday they 're still fine to eat on tuesday .
his previous lunchbox was 60 and is still going strong we 're only getting him a new one because the old one is too small perfect size for his younger brother .
which is way better than the eldest who gets 6 lunchboxes because he breaks or loses them frequently .
honestly i saw that movie only once two separate vhs tapes long !
those were the days and aside from the room on the door i just felt bad for the guy rose ended up marrying because when she went to heaven she was like oh thank god i am reunited with my hot boyfriend and not that turd i actually had a family with
i get that the fiancé was not made out to be like ideal husband material but still .
mostly i remember crying a lot and hating that song .
what good is a phone call when you 're unable to speakkkk .
i do n't know if i 'm in the minority here but maybe let them fail and fucking throw the men responsible at the highest levels in prison .
i would have preferred to let the market run its course and have a true correction than the abomination that tarp was .
on the left is a black/red acid blemish protovapor xpv dna75c made of anodized aluminum .
middle is a usmodz continuohm dna250c with the clear panels for the front and battery door .
it 's a game and i like the excitement of opening packs .
hey your submission was automatically removed because your account does not meet our karma standards .
accounts must have a minimum of 100 combined karma to post in this subreddit .
this rule is meant to improve the quality of posts being submitted while mitigating abuse from troll accounts .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nordvpn if you have any questions or concerns .
if that was the case i would n't eat breakfast nor lunch ... just have big dinner .
i have the cz p-10c and it 's the best gun i 've ever shot .
if i could only choose one handgun i would hands down pick that one .
i unfortunately do n't have that much experience with hk 's but do know that they are excellent .
i 'm sure you ca n't go wrong with either .
fast mt rac headset slaap plate and t-7 the ultimate chad setup
why dont you fuck off back to your prim ass fucking life ?
you 're probably some pompous arrogant motherfucker that has had everything handed to them .
i dont know why you think you are better than everyone .
literally come at me fucking talking your bitch ass up and trying to come off better than me when in reality you arent shit .
so i used an unmeasured tablespoon of abv and ground it up further by pressing it firmly with the back of my spoon against the side of the mug like an impromptu mortar and pestle .
then i added the mug mix the 3 measured tablespoons of milk and some penzy 's pie spice as i wanted to add more flavor .
microwaved it for 1 minute 30 seconds as anything less in my microwave leaves it under cooked .
if you want edibles that completely hide the flavor of abv mug cakes and mug brownies are a pretty sweet way to go .
i 'm a frequent etsy customer and jewelry makes up a decent chunk of my purchases .
however i hate when i see a pretty ring or a gorgeous necklace and there 's no model !
it 's hard to see what it looks like unless it 's modeled imo .
too funny i was just on etsy before i made my way onto reddit and had this exact thought about a few pieces i liked .
if you need a size 7 i 'd love to help !
here 's to hoping that they put iceborne on sale because of the fiasco it had .
spent two months in hospital and about a year in therapy .
single barrel can vary by batch and personal preference .
i actually prefer the small batch to the bottle of sib i just killed .
only if bitten scratched by or in contact with a bat or upon awakening to a bat in the room that can not be tested .
i 've seen people try to get the shots even though they were sleeping behind a closed door in a separate room .
i 've also seen people try to get shots when the animal was available for quarantine and testing which is n't always required .
i won many matches of heist with morti as star
i see your playing on xbox trust me lucio is better on pc .
just to clarify the fraternization issue applies only to the ad spouse .
there are no fraternization issues between spouses precisely because dependent spouses do not wear their ad spouse 's rank and merit no special treatment .
not implying the commenter i 'm responding to does n't know this just clarifying for any civilians or new spouses that are n't aware !
well that 's in another country so it does n't matter s
in all seriousness it 's probably hella difficult to prosecute or even identify crimes internationally especially in countries where legality and enforcement are worse
can you imagine a nissan juke nismo rs cross cabriolet ?
a talent can be improved functionally without being buffed .
the point is that a skilled maiev player can decimate someone with cruel chain but it 's now easier to deal bonus damage when fighting large groups which is an area maiev is intended to excel btw for lesser skilled players .
skilled maiev players are terrifying so now the shitter maiev players will get a lot more out of this than the good ones .
schools better not care bc i stopped checking my status checkers .
i do n't understand the status refresh obsession here it ca n't be worth anyone 's time .
buy a facility do the first act with a friend finish all the setups for the bogdan problem dm me for the rest its the best method ever
everything got deleted before i was able to see the message lol
rudy is the starter bradley is his back-up davis is a veteran 3rd string that can cover you in a pinch in case somebody goes down .
arthur is so gung-ho to see ayaka naked lol .
scares me i undrestood you both without studying neither italian nor spanish 😳
your submission has been removed because we do not allow redd.it link posts except for static images .
our spam controls get screwed up by the v.redd.it domain .
please use youtube to host videos or imgur/gfycat for gifs thanks !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gaming if you have any questions or concerns .
but i will say lower mcat decreases your pool of schools you can apply to .
the necklace means that dahl may be revived right ?
we mainly use combinations of trello gdrive and git .
there will always be those people who have a bad day and take it out on us and that 's not fair .
but that should n't be an excuse to stop connections because there are customers out there that rely on those connections at the window to carry them through their day .
if only reddit had some kind of built in mechanism for the community to decide what belongs in a sub and what does n't rather than the decision being made by a minority
plus the fact that the sani class is op cuz of spamming heal packs..
while support sux and has to lay down with a buggy system .
well i use a streaming service that does n't allow uploading apple music specifically .
of course there 's a way to listen to them if i want to but having it instantly available would be a simpler approach .
everybody wants to be loved from a person like she is loving this wierd green cookie monster .
librarians are bros and just want you to enjoy reading
at least it tells you when he 's using it .
it is not that they were better than me but the amount of their lives these people spend playing competitive multiplayer which makes them assholes .
if i had no job and kids and no other interests in life to pursue in my small amount of free time then i could spend my life the same as they do and be as good as them if not better .
but when you have just a few hours a week to pursue several hobbies and these assholes repeatedly spawn kill you because they know the game inside out it is frustrating to the point that it no longer makes sense to waste that time and pursue something more meaningful instead .
i can kinda agree with that but it 's the same with every character unless the player is good !
i have kind of a strange stupid question that relates to this somewhat .
back in that time why did police take dna that could connect to the perpetrator if they did n't have the technology ?
was it just something they did or did they know for sure at a later date the technology would evolve ?
i know they could do some limited dna back then .
a very unfortunate story but i 'm glad they were able to determine who it was .
my protonmail account would be compromised if i theorically linked it to an insecured account through imap for instance ?
who are the rich and famous people who conspired with jeffrey epstein in raping children .
if she has a fang she 's ready to ban-headpat yes headpat i swear i have no sexual intent on that child .
imagine thinking calling random folks pathetic and then pouting off into a corner makes you better than anyone .
if you aint got nothing nice to say dont say it mate .
follow your own advice maybe and stop getting down on someone else for having a different opinion .
that 's hard depends what type of game we 're talking about but my personal favourite is probably a game most forgot about and that 's the infamous games i fucking loved this game so much nice story great characters unique game play just a great game in my opinion i hope it gets another instalment in the series
have n't read the actual books but the dark horse comics based on the games are pretty damn good in my opinion !
i what these cosmic brains are peddling is the full extent of 'reality ' honestly i want no part of it .
that 's less often than i think about it .
bass feels fine to me but the midrange feels a bit too much .
i thought about having a strategy but then i think it really does n't matter if we at least grind 19 hard songs a day .
in the end i just opened all my card packs to hopefully get all the a cards i need to start upgrading and making the 10 s cards .
oh yeah my boy is back at it again with his 👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻 spicy edits
seems like everyone is hung up on his hitting stats .
he hit league leading 49 hr and had an nl mvp in 1997 beating out bagwell and bonds no less .
5 all star games 3 silver sluggers 3 time nl batting champ but i do n't think that defines his legacy .
he had a cannon out in right field and won 7 gold glove awards .
meanwhile guys like vlad has similar numbers but get in on dongs alone .
it 's free money it 's already out of the account .
it 's not real unless it shows up on my screen .
at the very least matip and lovren are off the pace in terms of match fitness so for the time being virg and gomez are the pairing but if gomez returns to his october form matip or lovren will come back in .
it actually clears the selection headache for the shrewsbury game now klopp can play matip and lovren and give a rest to gomez and virgil .
unfortunately your account appears inactive or new and we are filtering those accounts to reduce spam .
take some time to participate in discussions or post some content elsewhere on reddit .
if your comments or posts contribute positively try posting here again tomorrow .
your posts should go through after your account appears active and not new .
we also encourage you to read our subreddit rules .
you can find them on the right side of the page on desktop hover your mouse over each rule under about this community on mobile or in our subreddit wiki https www.reddit.com/r/mildlyinteresting/wiki/index wiki_rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mildlyinteresting if you have any questions or concerns .
losing a furry one is truly tough man had my doggo katie put down last year and it was the saddest thing i 've experienced .
because tesla only makes cars so can only be valued on how it compares to other car manufacturers .
when i was 25 me and my wife were parents and in the process of buying our second house but according to reddit we 'd be too immature and weak against the mind powers of some amazing adult 35 year old .
maybe use a different code unless you cancelled the trade ?
nah that little buckle is all that 's there between life and death
forgive me but your post has been automatically removed because the title is n't some variation of hmm '' hmmm ... '' etc .
this means no extra text at the beginning either .
check the sidebar/submission text for examples and more info .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/hmm if you have any questions or concerns .
u do realize the otomans didnt win any major war against any major western power
do you realize the ottoman empire fought dozens of wars and won some of them against those major western powers ?
the sexuality of someone 's body is totally dependent on context .
hell even genitals are n't always sexual like when you 're using the toilet .
that 's why wiping afterwards is n't considered masturbation .
my goto book for this is van richten 's guide to the ancient dead https www.dmsguild.com/product/17506/rr9-van-richtens-guide-to-the-ancient-dead-2e .
here are a few quotes that might inspire you .
belinderissa and i descended the grand stair and entered a narrow vault .
behind us i heard soft footfalls as the rest of the group followed .
i was anxious to decipher a lengthy runic inscription on the walls of the vault and asked belinderissa to hold her torch higher as we moved into the chamber .
before i could study the runes a section of the wall slid open with a stony whisper .
a handsome youth clad only in a white linen loincloth and conical headdress stood before us .
he smiled and made an elaborate bow his hand describing circles in the air with a double flourish .
holy water claudia i called to my assistant as i raised my silver cross to ward off the creature .
as i spoke belinderissa aimed a vicious swipe at the youth 's neck and struck a blow that should have separated the creature 's head from his shoulders .
instead there was a dull thud as the sword failed to bite .
quickly claudia i commanded but still the holy water was not forthcoming .
turning away from the beast i beheld the remainder of my party rooted in place on the stairs motionless except for a communal nervous quiver .
my companions looked for all the world like a stand of leafless trees trembling in an autumn wind .
i fear you must distract our young foe awhile longer belinderissa i said as i fumbled with claudia 's haversack .
since that incident i have always carried my own holy water .
the van richten 's guides all have cool stories like this scattered throughout .
but they also are written in first-person and have awesome details .
there can be no doubt that to become an undead mummy is to wield power but such power comes only at the price of the aspirant 's own mortality .
power lies within a mummy 's grasp but the crucial fact perhaps the fact most often ignored by aspirants to such unholy power is that the flesh that encases an ancient dead 's spirit is truly dead and capable of feeling no joy .
a mummy can never be truly happy the best they can hope for is to reduce its misery .
consider the example of the lamenting rake of paridon .
most accounts identify this creature as a ghost a spirit so consumed by excess and debauchery in a famine-plagued land that it was condemned to walk the city streets where once it lived and witness revelries it could no longer share .
the journal of the doomed man however reveals a different tale timothy strand squandered a bright future and family fortune by making his life a continuous frolic .
when he felt an earthly death approaching he poured all his remaining wealth into an ornate tomb which also was to serve as a temple to an evil deity .
as part of this dark pact timothy was guaranteed a continuing life surrounded by comfort and luxury period to seal the pact timothy had himself slain and embalmed .
he expected to return from death and he did as a mummy able to appreciate-but never to enjoy-the pleasures of the flesh .
so there 's two different examples of healthy looking mummies .
here is part of the section on what mummies look like .
no discussion of the ancient dead would be complete without considering each bodies state of preservation .
i grant that the four sub categories i have identified skeletal withered intact and pristine are somewhat arbitrary but remembering them is important period how well the corpse that houses an ancient dead 's spirit has withstood the ravages of time often determines how easily the creature can be identified .
a skeletal mummy 's physical body has been reduced to bare bones or bones clad in shards of dried flesh .
such a creature is easily confused with a common skeleton or other undead .
this is the typical state of preservation for a mummy though few onlookers realize this as a mummy is often fully wrapped in bandages or clothed its desiccated body concealed under its raiment .
the emaciated body may look skeletal but the bones are fully covered by leathery skin and dry but flexible tissue .
an ancient dead in this state of preservation has a body that shows little or no decay .
often it appears to have been dead for only a short time or even alive but very old or seriously ill .
this kind of ancient dead can be confused with a solid ghost or vampire period when facing this type of being one can often quickly determine that the foe is not a ghost because it is fully corporeal and always remains so .
this is the most insidious type of ancient dead for the mummies body though long dead appears to be healthy and alive .
it is nearly impossible to identify such a being as undead until it reveals itself usually through its deadly powers .
by then of course it usually is too late .
so what are some ways that a person becomes a mummy ?
you are familiar with the common embalming and in the story of timothy strand above you got a slight variation that involved self-sacrifice so he did n't wait until he died he was killed as part of the process .
every ancient dead i know about falls into one of 3 subcategories accidental created and invoked .
the terms refer only to the process that preserve the creature 's body and not its motives or psychic traumas which i will discuss in a separate section .
be warned that ancient dead whose origins bear no semblance to what i described here might stalk the land .
it seems that an ancient dead can form when a corpse is naturally preserved after its living form is suddenly overcome by death .
the creature also suffers usually dying in great pain or turbulent emotion .
in many cases the medium that preserves a body was instrumental in bringing about death perhaps even directly causing it .
the bog monster of hroth was one of several armed raiders who were lured into a bog entrapped and slain by the defenders of a town the raiders meant to pillage .
the raider who later returned as the bog monster must have felt a strange and awful mixture of fear humiliation and frustration as death overcame him .
any environmental condition that prevents a body from decaying can create a natural mummy .
the most common conditions include burial in dry sand freezing and immersion in swamps or bogs .
my colleague george weathermay arranger of some renown speculates that quicksand the cool waters of subterranean pools and tar pits might also preserve the dead .
they also tend to be among the weakest of mummies since no outside agent exists to invest them with power .
nevertheless even the most moderate ancient dead can be dangerous .
and a natural mummy can attain substantial levels of power if its motivation is strong enough .
the bog monster of hroth was fairly weak as mummies go but it was an unstoppable menace to the poorly equipped woodcutters who first encountered it .
so i hope that helps and i really hope it inspires you to check out the van richten 's guides .
they are among my all-time favorite worldbuilding guides for monsters of all kinds .
shatov went to virginsky 's to get his wife 's help .
on his way back he sold his revolver to lyamshin to have money to pay for the midwife .
she was also reconciled to shatov inspiring him to take ownership the child and start a family with her .
while filming the leather element and project videos chuck has been jotting down tips and tricks that he runs into to make life a little bit easier so today we 're sharing six of them !
chuck offers tips to keep your cutting surfaces from sliding around and how a simple clip can provide multiple uses in your shop .
for me is max payne 3 on pc is still alive and so addictive
understanding it 's more of a target towards young adults and teens are there any dystopians that are so crazy it should be for adults ?
or a book with an adult as the main character ?
ever since i 've had my computer repaired corrupt hard drive my computer wo n't recognise any of my blank dvds in windows 10 but it does in linux .
it was like this before i installed linux alongside it .
i see a lot of back and forth between the jokes and the facts and i just want to know if this is actually something to be worried about or just a media panic .
from what i 've heard a death toll of 27 as of today has mainly been old people and people with pre-existing conditions .
basically people that probably would have died being exposed to any strain of flu .
given how many millions of people have been quarantined this is the tiniest percentage !
so is this really a concern for the average person not in china or just alarmist action ?
i love you to the ends of the earth and i do n't tell you enough .
i havent been the best daughter i could be and i 've held a grudge for 25 years for something i needed to forgive and forget .
my children think the world of you and their life has been greatly enriched by having you in it .
as you lay in the icu in hospital all i can think is please do n't die before i can make it up to you .
i want you to have many many years of happiness and i need the time to prove i can be the daughter you deserve .
do n't really have much of a preference though pathfinder does look slightly better but graphics are n't make and break for me .
tried diablo and torchlight and prefer the class customization of torchlight over the fixed route of diablo .
just one more day and we are free for a few .
my friends our good friend r/spqrposting has been attacked by r/kaiserposting .
as a fellow ancient history sub i beg out leaders to join this battle and beat back the barbarians ! !
does anyone else have problems with sensing when they have to go to the bathroom ?
the medication i 'm on does a good job of dulling my pain but it also dulls my sensitivity .
this leads to me not always knowing i have to use the restroom until i almost urinate or dedicate my pants .
does anyone else have this problem or have any suggestions ?
i wanted to watch some eu vods but ca n't get into the replays .
so when ever i am rolling or before training i have realized i am only focusing on the physical aspect of bjj .
i pretty much compare physical traits he 's stronger than i am he 's faster he has better stamina he 's more aggressive i am stronger than him i 'm too tired to escape i 'm slow etc.. etc..
i was thinking about it tonight and how i hear everyone focusing on technique and how if you believe in the technique it will help you tremendously .
does anyone have suggestions/ideas on how i can make that switch flip ?
hi i 'm looking for an egpu for my t480 .
i was thinking of the rx 5600 xt that release not long ago .
my question is more about if the rx 5600 is compatible with most cases and if so some cases recomendations but not very expensive ones would be good .
also if the rx 5600 xt is overkill or something like that i would be open to more suggestions cause i 'm kinda new to this but hey we all start somewhere !
my specs are a t480 with a i5 8350 cpu and 16 gb of ram hooked up with an external display .
i guess the theory is that the onion will absorb bacteria in the air and clean the air
have n't read the books in a while so bare with me !
why when bilbo drops the ring and leaves it for frodo does he age to almost death from the 1st to the last book/movie ?
but when gollum loses the ring he almost stays at the same health throughout the whole trilogy ?
it was n't very exciting but i thought it was actually the one she played the best in .
i do n't think she played all that well in kr but that 's been talked to death here .
i actually thought she was very calm in methodical in gc though .
it was n't shown but sandra basically came to her day 1 and said i want you out you 're too dangerous/unpredictable .
most people and aubry 1.0 especially would have totally panicked .
she did n't though and tried to minimize her target by appearing non-threatening and flying utr which she did successfully and two bigger threats than her emerged .
her swapped tribe game was kind of meh a lot of luck involved .
played the double tc where malcolm went home poorly and he emerged as a bigger target .
at her next tribe this time without sandra she no longer had a huge target on her back and finally was able to stop lying low and really forming relationships with people .
she still was cautious in how she played but her ability to form relationships landed her in a solid alliance going into the merge .
at the merge i think her prowess really came at the debbie vote which was orchestrated by aubry .
debbie was your classic playing too hard and aubry realized this and how much power debbie had and that she would 've been low on the totem pole so she promptly got her out .
her close relationship with tai got him to play the idol on her at final 6 which is actually pretty amazing as tai never seemed to be able to make the move to play his idols on anybody unless explicitly told to do so by his entire alliance .
she got out in a very restpectable fifth place .
not an exciting game by any means but her biggest problem her first game was she overplayed and panicked super easily which was also true in eoe but a mistake she corrected very well in gc .
i 'm being offered to pick between these three grades for the next school year but given that i have 8 years working with 2-3 year olds i honestly have no idea what to pick nor what to expect .
i 'm hoping that some great teachers of lower school can give me some pros and cons of those grades and which they would recommend .
this is the one where amaro and rollins leave liv 's apartment after a small celebration and they get involved in a chase in-progress .
after being told they suspect the perp has a gun .
so officer mckinna says i 'm going in ! and starts firing which lands amaro in hot water as he ends up shooting and paralyzing a kid .
later in the episode tucker says officer mckinna is not cooperating in any way. why in the world would she not ?
she did end up testifying but they only show her answering one question .
we 're planning on going on tour in november of this year !
me and my friend raber want to tour the east coast but do n't really know where to go specifically .
if you 're on the east coast and know venues are willing to let us throw a show in your house etc .
also just tell us if you want us to come to your area !
i 've worked with him for 6 months and we 've been friends .
we got closer and decided to get to know each other outside of work and see where things go .
we met for drinks the first night and talked for hours .
i was leaving for a week the next day so we talked a lot via text .
when i came back we went to a concert together kind of a group date '' .
then right after he had to go on an extended 4 week business trip .
we 've done nothing more than kiss but we text a lot .
it was going great this is the end of his 2nd week away .
we 've had lots of fun discussions and deep discussions and i 've been enjoying it .
i told him i never do that and do n't plan to start .
i thought that would be the end of it .
and each time i try to take the discussion in another direction .
he keeps asking in various ways and i keep saying no .
i even gave him exact reasons and told him i never would do that especially with someone i 've never even been intimate with .
this is starting to affect my attraction to him .
is it just a given that everyone will be sending nudes ?
this just seems annoying and juvenile and not what i 'd expect from a man nearly 40 .
tldr new guy i 've started to see keeps asking for nudes and it 's turning me off .
today i was sitting on a bench at the park just relaxing when this androgynous cutie with blue and pink hair passed by me .
they actually met my eyes then gave this flirtatious smile and winked .
i freak out blushing and turn my head to the side staring at the ground .
meanwhile i 'm internally screaming at myself ‘look at them and wink back or wave !
and so i spent the rest of the day berating myself .
at the same time it feels nice that someone flirted with me .
update have gone back did n't see them yet .
negi has said on constant occasions that ichigo100 is one of his inspirations can anyone draw out any similarities between the 2 series as i 've been thinking about this for some time now
because after all i can safely assume you never venture outside of starbucks when choosing your coffee .
some sugary mess of a drink with very little actual coffee in it ?
can you just like totally not live without your coffee ?
if what i 'm saying rings a bell shoot my old ass a message .
i expect to see a lot of pumpkin spiced lattes since it 's now in-season .
anyone who has bought the maingear element can you tell me how much battery life you can get when doing internet browsing or other not very intensive activities ?
on battery saver or balanced and please say what model you have
i really want to learn so i 'm thinking about buying a keyboard and teach myself is it hard to teach yourself ?
i am hoping to play some games with and chat with a girl into some of the same sort of games and anime as me .
i have a few reasons behind this but the main one is my personality .
i tend to be weird/obnoxious when i am in a good mood and most guys i have talked with seem to not like it or at the very least go silent pretty quickly .
otherwise i end up having to act more normal '' mature and i am not a fan of not being true to myself anyway here is a bit about me .
i am a senior in college and have one semester left .
i go to baylor but am a bit socially awkward .
it takes me a bit to warm up with people but if i am less talkative its not about you its more about me .
i am a film major and as such love video games movies and anime to death .
i have had several people ghost me the last week or so which has left me in a more lonesome place but am hoping to just enjoy the free time that i do have to play some games with people who are passionate about them like me .
i try not to bring it up because i do not like drawing extra attention to it but i have depression which i am trying to work with and video games help a lot with making me feel happy and having a place i feel i belong .
i have a pretty self deprecating sense of humor to try and accept that i still act a bit like a kid despite being 22 😋 .
i am a big nintendo fanboy and love most of their games most notably zelda pokemon smash mario and a bit of fire emblem 3 houses .
while i do not strictly play these games these are my easy go tos but i also like garrys mod and modded minecraft quite a lot .
these are what i have and dont have a lot of spendable money so if its outside of these it would probably need to be free .
i have been hoping to play some multiplayer games .
namely garrys mod and modded mc but could possibly buy a game like rust for some good ol fashion weird fun .
mario party smash and fortune street are my jam .
i just got overwatch on switch so i should probably get my moneys worth lol .
also possibly some sort of themed challenges/playthroughs of some good old pokemon or zelda/mario .
for pokemon i am almost always looking for a good randomizer nuzlocke .
i have been into pokemon for over 15 years so i think i know a thing or two about pokemon lol .
mario and zelda would probably be races see how fast we can finish them or even stuff like a mario or zelda randomizer would be pretty fun as well .
other than just video games i am also a huge fan of anime ive seen a bit of everything and probably a lot more than i should have lol .
i can talk all day about them if i am in the proper mood .
this is probably the easiest way for us to talk more and more easily as other than video games and movies theres not much i enjoy more than talking about anime .
i mostly listen to japanese music but love all the classic songs bringing up ocean man or ninja sex party will quickly grab my attention .
my schedule currently is open a bit in the evenings and mostly free on weekends so feel free to message me on here or ask for my discord as i use and check that all the time .
i 've been watching a few shows specifically virtual self and really want to experiment with some laser lighting stuff obviously nothing as advanced as they used for virtual self
i 'm struggling to find what the best lasers are to start with .
budgeting within 500 preferably i have leeway but i 'd like to keep it semi cheap for a first try
i usually attract women all the time but i attract men for like 5 days or so and it goes away and i 've been noticing it around my period when it happens .
after my period i 'm like fuck men after 😂
ibreathe incorporating company ethos and marketing strategies to drive the company forward.manufacturer of electronic cigarettes and e-liquids https www.linkcentre.com/review/www.ibreathe.co.uk .
ibreathe invest heavily on research and development of kits and e-liquid and ensure all products are to uk
it means anyone who smiles alot and is cheerful is a joy boy every century within the one piece story
so ever since mw2 mercenaries my all time favorite mech has probably been the mauler .
in mwo one of my favorite builds to play was the 4x uac5 mauler .
unfortunately due to hardpoint size in mw5 that build is not possible yes the annihilator can do it ... but the annihilator is not the mauler p
i reallllly just want to be able to use 4x ac5/bf or uac5 on the mauler in this game .
i can see several ways of making that possible ... having no experience and knowing essentially nothing whatsoever about mod creation how difficult would it be to make a mod with one of the following changes ?
1. change all of the mauler variants small ballistic weapon slots to medium also change the hero ko variant from medium to large so you can run 2x ac20 or 2x gauss p
2. change the ac5/uac5 weapon types themselves from medium to small ballistic size
3. convert all small size ballistic weapon slots across all mechs to medium ballistic slots
if anyone wants to make this mod version 1 would be preferable i will paypal you 10 seriously !
pepper 2017 white album 2018 and abbey road 2019 all sound superb !
but i 'm not really a fan of how all the tracks are panned in revolver .
where everything is suffocatingly hard panned into the left channel .
health experts issued an ominous warning about a coronavirus pandemic 3 months ago .
their simulation showed it could kill 65 million people . ''
human-to-human transmission is occurring and a preliminary r0 estimate of 1.4-2.5 was presented .
of confirmed cases 25 are reported to be severe .
the source is still unknown most likely an animal reservoir and the extent of human-to-human transmission is still not clear.
chinese authorities presented new epidemiological information that revealed an increase in the number of cases of suspected cases of affected provinces and the proportion of deaths in currently reported cases of 4 17 of 557 . ''
the r0 of the 1918-1919 pandemic-causing spanish flu is estimated to have ranged from 1.4 – 2.8 with a mean of 2 .
individuals in the model could travel both locally and by airplane thereby moving the virus within and across countries .
with an initial seeding of about 800 infections the simulation demonstrated how an unchecked epidemic can very quickly evolve into a pandemic within a wholly susceptible population . ''
the air pandemic flu model estimates that a modern day spanish flu would result in between 21 and 33 million deaths globally .
... taken together these modeling results suggest that dramatically fewer excess deaths—nearly 70 fewer than actually occurred in 1918— would result from a spanish flu event today . ''
here we report that recombinant human interferon ifn β1a potently inhibits sars coronavirus replication in vitro .
inhibition of novel β coronavirus replication by a combination of interferon-α2b and ribavirin
thus a combination of interferon-α2b and ribavirin which are already commonly used in the clinic may be useful for patient management in the event of future ncov infections .
here is a summary of the rate of the spread of the virus projections into the future the medication names and manufacturers for the disease .
doubling rate 4.581 days of both confirmed and suspected cases
percent growth per day 15.1 of both confirmed and suspected cases
hello i was looking for some tutorials today and i came across a guide that said you could find a black arabian in saint-denis in the early game by finding a random robbery encounter basically as soon as you beat the hosea hunting mission .
i 'm not really sure about the process for this but i 've been resetting the game and sleeping in the saloon to pass by time until the night .
does anyone have a good process for finding this black arabian ?
looking through posts on r/saltierthancrait everything they post is just twisting a neutral or positive aspect of the sequels into a negative one .
for example they are constantly praising the leaked images of colin trevorrow 's stool of the craits '' .
i guarantee that if the film actually happened they would hate it .
hux should be trying to defend his army not killing himself ''
rey using a double bladed lightsaber is op and she 's a mary sue ! ! ! ! ''
they would be calling for jj abrams to have come back since he made the most crowd pleasing star wars movie that did n't have weird scary stuff in it like new ideas .
ankara i̇ki̇nci̇ el eşya alanlar i̇lhan spot ankara ve semtleri̇nde i̇ki̇nci̇ el eşya alim 0539-299-89-03 http www.ikincielesyaalanlaralimsatim.com
anyone watched and liked dramas like father is strange and what happened to my family ?
edited to add i saw all the reply series .
i 'm looking at a property in the city of fairburn ga county of fulton .
it has three units that rent for a total of 2300/mo through section 8 .
there 's also a vacant lot attached though i 'm not sure its buildable .
looking at the zoning map its a single family .
i spoke with fairburn zoning director and she said if its r1 its not supposed to have three units rented out .
the modifications to convert it were somewhat recent so it wo n't be grandfathered in .
my concerns are 1 bank could have issue with this 2 permitting will be an issue perhaps for the attached lot as well 3 if zoning dept finds out i could be in trouble .
but is the potential cash flow too good to pass up ?
i 've been dating this girl for about 8 months .
she 's an amazing sweet girl who is basically my best friend .
we 're so similar in almost every way except she seems to be very codependent .
she wants to talk like all day everyday sleepover almost every night etc .
i 'm a much more independent person who values my alone time .
recently i 've been feeling overwhelmed with the sheer amount of time i have to dedicate to her .
i 'm not sure if i 'm being selfish or not .
she thinks i 'm being cold and pushing her away and it 's been a big point of contention lately .
i tried telling her that adult relationships especially early on and when you 're not living together should n't really require seeing the other person constantly .
we both have jobs friends and lives and i just feel like i 've been neglecting friends and myself .
i 'm not sure how to handle this or if i 'm justified or flat out wrong .
she thinks i 'm going to neglect her but i always go out of my way to plan dates dinners or invite her over to watch movies .
i really do n't think i 'm being an absent bf .
tl dr she wants to see me constantly i 'm more of an independent person who needs some alone time .
she thinks i 'm trying to neglect her while really i just need a better balance .
my wallet would appreciate a few quick bucks for a little something something else so here go .
looking at selling all together as a package deal for 53 shipped .
pay within 20 minutes of posting and dont be a dick and i 'll toss in a free 1968 canadian dime .
i dont know if it 's a 40 or 80 fine but it does n't stick to a magnet .
pee pee eff eff gs plus fleas or gw all work .
insurance etc at your request and on your dime .
i pack well and am not responsible for usps mishaps .
as you can guess all proceeds will go towards a better camera than the potato i now possess .
can somebody please tell me the price of my boston 2018 train souvenir package signed sean gares
it was dropped in the challengers stage match between space soldiers and misfits
first of all i failed math last semester and i 'm in credit recovery but if you do n't pass the quiz the teacher has to reset the lesson .
well i failed the quiz so there is nothing i can do until the teacher resets it .
so my dad told me to shovel the driveway .
but i was n't halfway done before my dad told me to grab my laptop and get in the truck .
i still have no clue where we 're going .
also what does he expect me to do because i literally ca n't do anything .
and if i ca n't do anything he 's gon na get mad .
good morning/afternoon/whatever part of the day it is for you !
i 've been in a very weird funk lately with my job !
it is n't really a 'career ' or anything i 've worked in customer service now roughly 10 years and it always ends up the same for me !
i 'm really good at talking to people on the phone even if i do n't really like it much .
at first every job i go to everything is new and interesting and i really love it !
even though i do n't like the talking on the phone part so much i feel challenged by the novelty of the position i 'm in .
over the summer i was n't on the phones i started with the company doing their online stuff handling the requests from people that submitted them through our website !
this was glorious i had so much work to do !
i barely could ever get through all of the items in my bucket and i was still grabbing the 1 rank in stats for mc1s at the time we were just super slammed !
i got promoted and part of that is the phones again .
i 'm not sure if i 'd have gotten bored of the mc1 position i liked the data entry part but it was the business i liked !
i felt challenged like there was something i was rising to .
we 're very slow and that 's nice because i can reddit and other stuff but bleh .
i need a fast paced job that is going to mentally stimulate and challenge me !
these customer service jobs fulfill that at first for a time .
until i 'm a few months in or 6 months in and i feel i 've mastered the job more or less .
now i can just go into full script mode for nearly any type of call .
the only time i feel interested or have any glint of my old work self is when i very very rarely get a challenging call about something i 'm not familiar with .
the last couple weeks maybe more i just feel so demotivated to do anything more than the bare minimum !
there 's a special quality to the loneliness of dusk a melancholy more brooding even than the night 's . ''
persona dusk is a stand-alone story-focused roleplay about three individuals who find themselves in the most unimaginable place with horrors that roam to boot ... can they with the help of their friends survive the nights or will they be consumed forgotten ... merely a speck of dust on the road to destruction ?
three main characters and 66 confidants three for every arcana including faith
we are not accepting new staff however we are looking for members to apply for character positions .
the rp has not yet started as of the time of posting and will not start for two weeks .
if you have any questions or are wanting to join feel free to message me .
i already have my piercing wishlist setup and decided that my next piercing will be a rook and a philtrum .
i 've never had oral piercings before and do n't know what to expect so i do have a few questions before i think of getting one .
i 'm majoring in international studies and do n't want the piercing to affect potential jobs
i have my industrial pierced and my tragus pierced which were more painful compared to my nostril and septum
4 what foods do i eat for the brief time of healing ?
6 i 'm worried it wo n't suit me ?
was n't sure where else to post this but i 've been a big fan of natural child .
for all i 've known they were broken up .
to my surprise i had a new song from them on my spotify release radar playlist .
regardless i 'm excited they 've returned with some good ol ' fashioned rock roll .
so now that we 've had more time to digest the rules and the new codex overall how are people picturing using this thing if at all ?
buffing your front line in melee sitting back and generating miracle dice ?
it 's a lovely model of course but i ca n't be the only one who would n't want to buy something i did n't intend to play .
it took me a year to first bring it up with my girlfriend another year for her to say yes to getting engaged and another year to get married .
every time i do i get it caught on something and nearly rip my finger off .
i 've tried the rubber styled rings and they rip off and i do n't even notice .
but you know what pissed me off even more ?
when ocasio cortez does it and when she defended the dictator piece of shit that is evo morales .
a latina defending socialism without ever seeing the reality of our countries .
you have a lot of pent up hate and aggression probably has something to do with your fascist ideology brother
op the question you should have asked this sub was everyone who is on adhd meds or has a family member on adhd meds tell the rest of the world what a jackass they are for having a fucking opinion .
please like they could n't arrest him outside the house .
nah is it not possible for you to take more paternity leave and her return to work sooner once she is fully recovered and recuperated ?
you can do the challenges but they cant show it
that show that makes you want to start cooking again
the chinese government has lied about outbreak data before it would n't surprise me if they decided to do it again .
from how many cities have been locked down in such a short time span it 's hard for me to believe an r0 of 1.4-2.5 .
i am getting onision vibes from this and i do n't know why
this is done off a fake texting app called fake messages but still nice
a lot of girls gain weight naturally as they get older and her weight gain could 've been naturally delayed or delayed by her disordered eating either of which could make it even more difficult to deal with since it could have been a surprise .
so formula mass or formula weight is synonymous with molar mass molecular mass is often treated as synonymous to both as well but it actually has a different official definition .
essentially molecular mass is the mass of a single molecule which means you need to account for the specific masses of each atom especially when different isotopes are at play rather than use the weighted average atomic mass which is based on abundance .
ie if you have a molecule of methane the molar mass or formal mass will be 16.043 amu but the molecular mass of a single molecule could be 18 amu if the carbon atom is actually the carbon 14 isotope or if the hydrogens were actually deuterium or it could still be 16 amu if the carbon atom is the carbon 12 isotope .
it 's just they release small amount of it into the market which make the price high .
we ca n't know for sure now but i think we 'll get there eventually .
and well it can be the main reason why men and women ca n't get how each other 's attraction works .
i think it would have done him a lot better if he released it closer to the tape .
he 's a new artist and needs to churn out vid after vid to keep shit on the charts
nope family is definetly as important if not more important than work
i do n't think anybody that wears skinny jeans owns a bolt cutter .
wentz wins against dallas are so much bullshit that when the best right tackle in eagles history was interviewed outside of his own bro cave where he said his whole life 's ambition was to be in the eagles hof lane johnson said his best memory of eagles vs dallas was with mark sanchez
anakin my allegiance is to the thiccpublic to thiccness !
then everybody would end up marrying their half brother or sister .
barry 's dad was a black man from kenya .
here are a few tips to minimize your risks when trading in let 's go pikachu/eevee !
most scammers place other users in private situations to avoid having their actions seen in public .
also note that for your trade to count for flair every part of the conversation should be public so that all details can be confirmed .
since another random player can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner is using it is important that you double check that you are trading with the right person .
if you are trading shiny pokémon please make sure that your post and other users ' offers contain the full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules .
this is to provide more visibility so you know how the pokémon you are trading for was obtained .
if you see any posts that do not have the full details please report it so that the moderators can be aware of the situation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
as a second to this we were at the park early enough that they were accepting walk ins without a reservation which was awesome .
oga 's was easily one of my favorite parts of the park especially dj rex .
this post is actually perfect the entire game is just charas going hey euden can we fu i mean can i stay in your castle for completely platonic reasons ''
fans wobble about 0,2mm so you always had 800 micrometers left plus you for sure never experienced the dreaded ram warming ...
i was at 204 4lbs within my 200 goal in august .
i moved a and subsequently gained more or less 15 lbs .
i still am 15ish pounds less than i was when i started but man that 30lb loss was so monumental .
i was going to start increasing my work out .
i wanted to get to 200 just by eating less and then work on some cardio and strength training .
my train really went down the wrong track and it 's been so difficult as of late .
i am having leg stiffness and knee pain and i know the solution is to build my leg strength and work out but god damn our minds are so counter productive .
i sat on the couch all day yesterday literally from 1pm to probably 1am .
it was great i just got so irritated around 8pm when i realized i have n't moved .
i was n't eating alot or anything but i was so stationary .
i tried to do my stretching and cried because i wanted to touch my toes so bad but i ca n't and i felt so discourage like i genuinely hate my body so much i hated that it was mine and that i had to be the one to deal with it .
so i did 30 squats 30 push ups 30 leg raises .
i am a little sore and i like it .
i just need to do that and keep it a habit .
i have been stretching everyday and slowly getting a little more flexible to help my leg pain but i seriously need to just do it .
this has really just turned into me trying to keep myself on track from the past 5 months and 24 hours .
i just really am so worried that i am always going to be like this .
i saw a girl running and thought wow she looks great thats what i want to be .
i want to be fit and look great and exude confidence .
i swear i can not get any heavier because i can not afford to buy new pants i just replaced all of mine with smaller sizes 3 times .
would rather see a setting for zero damage to zombies except for head shots
i feel like you 're not aware of how fast spreading and deadly strains of influenza can get .
people who do n't study virology do n't understand this .
i bought a pc that was over 1500 a 300 monitor .
i took it too them and they even told me multiple people already had issues with the pc getting way too hot lmao i am going to build a pc just for fun ! !
you must be a best buy employee ahahahahahahah you 're mad i spent what you made in a month in like 2 mins
there really wasnt any reason to brag so hard like this bruh 💀🤭
theres a certain maximum amount of data transfer that can occur at one time on your internet called bandwidth .
when someone goes to download a large file the maximum amount of data transfer per unit time is happening so your isp slows the rate at which the person is downloading the file and the rate that you are receiving packets in fortnite raising your ping .
i tried to explain this as intuitively as possible but if it does n't make sense let me know
damn what can i say except thick thighs save lives
mine look like a bear mauled em in some places .
not yet i intend to at some stage but i 've spent most my time so far on the 100m ranges
i think it 's 10-15 megabits per second at the most .
the sim comes with a lower quality map of the world already streaming increases the quality .
first off that 's a really awesome experience not only for you but for that alter as well .
just talking with them you probably help them figure out a lot of parts of who they are for their system and for the story you wrote so just relax .
the thing about the fictives is that they are based on a character that in some way shape or form resonates with the system or a member within it .
in many ways it 's actually a very good thing in your creative outlet you 've managed to give someone else the ability to express themselves .
as for the character 's life as soon as they realize they 're within a system their life their story becomes their own no longer bound to the narrative musings of their creator s .
in some ways they have a both easier and harder than most other alters .
they know their origins they know who they are and often why they are there .
that said they are no longer in a world that they know or with the people that they care about .
if you are interested i would check out the entropy system .
https youtu.be/yvk9qmbk-os lito is a fictive in the system and gives a pretty good take on the whole thing .
i feel like because of the way she handled the whole situation it just made it obvious that she 's probably not ready to be a ceo and put out cosmetics .
she deleted her social media accounts and went mia when things got bad ffs .
that 's not what an owner of a cosmetic company does !
my face does n't move like that to be able to speak zulu
like see how u can work a dick with those
i thought this was a tweet from beyonce not deyonce ...
you are thinking of teagan he was arl eamon 's acting regent while the arl was sick .
and arl eamon 's son connor was the possessed boy .
this is solid work i 'd love to see what else you make from here !
it used to be that much for driving a car without current rego but i think they halved it about 10 years ago .
you can see the full list of fines that at can issue on their website https at.govt.nz/fines-infringements/vehicle-infringements most of them are 150 200 for licence wof or safety violations .
i have a nooby question when people add sellers on wechat do they buy them direct or still use a seller ?
i 've really never bought shoes from someone besides bmlin .
you will be adsing at torso level with cz and you can do same with smg12 and down someone faster than cz would .
only advantage cz has over smg12 is almost 50 less horizontal recoil .
welcome to r/makenewfriendshere it 's nice to see you here .
please make sure you read the rules and your post does n't contain any personal information .
want to join our discord and chill with us ?
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makenewfriendshere if you have any questions or concerns .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/swimsuithentai if you have any questions or concerns .
every fighter has pros and cons cerrone is the type of fight conor enjoys it suits everything about him his style and his fight philosophy but the exact opposite for cerrone .
if the narrative doesnt fit reality then it 's wrong and needs to change .
there is a lot of junk on there but the kindle store is increasingly filling with dross .
this comment has been automatically removed to facilitate secure trading users are required to set their 3ds and/or their switch friend code in their flair before posting outside of the daily discussion thread info posts or mod posts .
you may set your flair by clicking here https hq.porygon.co flairtext and adding the appropriate information .
once you have set your flair and read through our rules https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules please repost your comment .
if things seem confusing we also have a quick start https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/quickstart guide intended to give a step-by-step process for new users .
if you are a mobile user having trouble accessing the above links please retry using a different app or browser .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
48/32t fsa crankset – recommended by the bike shop and seemingly reasonable to a rider returning from a 10 year road bike hiatus – even if my old bike had a 53-39t front and 11-28 rear gears .
but this lasted less than a month and a lot of spinning-out on even modest downhills .
well ... so you have a standard 11-to-something cassette on the rear i 'll assume and max 48t at the front .
with normal 700x25c tyres you 'll be going 50km/h at 90rpm .
say you 'spin out ' at 110rpm which is not particularly high and you 're at 61km/h or almost 38mph .
now ok you might have a number of extended nice downhill sections in your area where you can really just let go and descend without risking your life so you might spin out 'a lot ' .
but for most people this is perfectly acceptable gearing normal roadbikes tend to be a bit overgeared for what the average person really ends up using and while it 's always nice to have a grannier granny gear because you might actually have to get off the bike on a very steep hill otherwise going 41mph or 66km/h 52/11 110rpm is neither a necessity nor always doable safely for the average joe .
so basically this might very well have been the case for you but do n't put it out there as if this was a general rule that goes for everybody .
similarly for what you say about saddles i agree softer is not necessarily better but the whole idea of sit-bone width is not as 'scientific ' as you might be inclined to believe .
in the end finding the right saddle is still a very unpredictable process for everyone and what works for one person might be torture for another so beyond keep looking until something feels good '' there are n't any hard and fast rules .
so i also do n't think you wasted any money or time there it 's just part of the process .
however i do agree on spending a bit of money on decent hubs and rims not that they need to be the big western brands though and mixing 10 and 11 speed components in one household is indeed a pain best avoided !
looks like the one on the far left was definitely biting his tongue
you can spin the fact that you 're trolling all you want .
my point is that kind of negative sad behavior falls in line with the two hosts of the show you keep defending .
show me a time even once when chris lashed out at people held pathetic twitter grudges or played the why me card as much as they do .
but it 's sad and desperate to keep posting it here all the time .
i think the ram should work it 's listed as a valid combination in the original manual i just need to get the right combination bios settings and i do n't think i 've found that yet .
partially hoping that the newer cpu will help out with this too but we 'll see .
pop was performing okay nothing extremely fast but not extremely slow either last night once i got the correct nvidia driver install it took some load off the cpu i think .
i had installed lxle 18.04 before the newer ram arrived only one of the original sticks tested error free so it was running on 512mb of ram for a while
i also have ubuntu mate 19.10 installed on a different harddrive in the computer .
i might wipe this and install pop a second time and test whether or not the pc will take 19.10 popos or not .
it 's more of a side project i have a couple much faster computers but if i can get it running more smoothly with the newer cpu i 'll potentially use it every now and then for some light use just to remind me to appreciate how far technology has come in such a short amount of time .
unfortunately you do not yet have enough karma to post .
in the meantime feel free to post your oc memes to r/specialsnowflake to hang out with the other plebs
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
jeez what would a modern bioware kotor even be if this is not a 1 for 1 remake ?
i mean swtor has some of the feel but i get the feeling that they are treated as a b or even c team/not the aaa team and would be underutilized for this project .
i am looking forward to this but with extreme caution .
you use pussy license to blackmail i very important part of town no picture my wife say so
unfortunately your post has been removed due to having a short undescriptive title .
post titles in r/oddlysatisfying must describe the content shown in the image/gif/video .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/oddlysatisfying if you have any questions or concerns .
i ca n't really help you right now as i try to adsorb all the news outlets to find the truth in the common trend .
or i stay off all news like a emu in the sand .
you do n't have to they will do that automatically .
i do n't think it 's a problem that your units will generally be killed or close to killed if attacked .
after all that 's what happens when your students attack any of the enemy units .
this puts you on a more even playing field .
optimal control for orbital rocket flight is a form of bang-bang control
that does n't make sense to me because most rocket engines can not be relit .
you can only turn them on and then possibly throttle them .
as you say there are reasons to keep the thrust down to prevent damage to the vehicle or crew .
optimal control in a rocket launch is mostly about attitude control and that 's not a bang-bang scenario .
this is one of the few times on wtf where i open it up and actually say 'wtf ?
as the tittle says ... .. keep it or ditch the pull ?
but he 's clearly is not putting it in index funds..
ah if that 's the case now i get why i 've never read/heard the quote i 've never watched the anime .
paradoxically some of the limitations with thinking it 's always money-laundering can be demonstrated by two producers on broadway rather than film mind you but similar processes apply who actually were doing so joseph kipness who by all accounts was a mob front and adela holzer who funneled money she made in ponzi schemes into the theater .
in kipness 's case the issue was that there were clear limits to how much of this he could do while he was active on broadway from the mid-1940s to the early 1980s it was very much stop-start in nature with spikes in his ability to produce his work tended to come around the times of his actual hits he had three as producer or co-producer and a fourth where he lost his producer credit but still collected a percentage of the profits and it falling off after a string of flops .
in other words there were limitations to his ability to launder money in this way because his mob associates were only willing to lose so much cash .
in holzer 's case on the other hand a different aspect becomes clear .
since holzer was trying to launder money she had stolen herself unlike kipness who was a front for those who actually had the money there was n't a limitation to her pouring her funds into it regardless of her success rate her most successful shows were ones where she had a limited creative role and the shows where her creative role was largest tended to be disasters .
the issue there was limitations in how long it could last holzer was active for only around four and a half years before her schemes started to crash down .
combined both of these stories demonstrate why money-laundering to finance film is n't as common as some here think kipness 's story demonstrates how issues with the success rate make it less tempting to do than ones with a better guarantee of a return while holzer 's points to how there 's often a limited amount of time to engage in money-laundering which is n't always conducive for film production .
i can assure you it 's really not as hard as you seem to think it is .
just try getting in a cheaper unwieldy ship e.g .
is this a sex joke i am to virgin to understand
god damn it you literally made me laugh out loud
read the book easyway to stop smoking '' .. over 30 million people have benefited by quitting being happy nonsmokers including me !
i had superstition by stevie wonder stuck in my head all day the other day pick up a book and it 's the only song mentioned halfway through .
kkk attacks a dude for being black he wins so he 's not a loser ?
dude beats you up because your humor offends him lol you 're a loser
you goto a country where god dammit '' is more offensive than the n word and you get beat
we have discussed having sex with other people now we 're not a thing anymore .
we agreed that its none if our business what the other does but that it would kinda hurt .
and that 's how you actually are vegan when you have those kinds of limitations .
if you 're this much of a pussy skip drug dealing .
that would not break the actual less agression mobility '' meta .
i 'm not saying the actual is good or bad just that this idea would n't go against the actual meta
an other reason of why i like this idea is because it would also offer a good protection endgame against the fukin rpg ...
i was in hospital recovering from the birth of my youngest daughter .
i have a history of blood clots my guess would be a bigass saddle pulmonary embolism .
cause that was only in the carrion empire box .
even though he might not be worth it he is my favorite player of all time so i am saving up for him
posts must consist solely of photographs or videos without any extra captions overlays or borders with only exception being non-obtrusive watermarks to credit the author .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/atbge if you have any questions .
i 'm so mad for her and the other ladies screwed over .
i had gotten my info directly from wikipedia but i suspected that it might be out-of-date .
nails are being eaten right now by a lot of people .
by sirbutcher score hidden 16 hours ago a bit below you
water is basically already fully compressed oxygen with a small amount of hydrogen .
water 's oxygen content by weight is 8x higher than it 's hydrogen content .
all while water does n't require special and heavy and weight is the biggest problem for the rockets high-pressure container only need electricity to separate them .
we are currently investigating those heirs who were affected by issue and we will subsequently provide 1 malicious bug charm to these heirs.
did they add that part or are you all just complaining without even reading the note ?
the blue hue in her eyes is so beautiful ❤️
you randomly ignored a x4.5 pump if anything that does n't makes sense
i stayed in the queue for way too long .
i was so innocent and gullible back then.. an hour ago .
is there a high chance of me getting caught for plagiarism i 'm really scared now
i kept my birth middle name and added a second one of the other binary gender to sort of balance it out .
plus he gets to run the x 's and o 's .
head coaches get caught doing all sorts of managerial shit thst some coaches despise .
he might really love the role hes got running only the football side of things
the guest host era needs to be erased from wwe history
whenever you find time and whenever you want to de-stress watch their going seventeen episodes on their yt channel ..
i believe there 's no golden time when it comes to stanning..
even if you had followed them from the start you would still be struggling to catch up with the content..
because ultimately that 's what kpop brings us a bit of happiness when we need it .
my favourite songs are lie again simple shh run to you beautiful holiday .
i hoover mine about twice a year with a garden vac to remove any leaves that have fallen from the trees .
i agree with u/lovelybloke it 's given us an extra room throughout the year and the dog loves it .
i like him a lot more than anyone else running .
it looks like we 're going to have another election where we 're trying to vote for the less of two evils .
it 'd be nice to have some other folks to choose from .
i think the second dog cost us about 150 at the shelter but if you 're buying from a breeder just empty your bank account .
death to my own splash damage is responsible for 4/5 of my deaths as moze
millennials like me we stand here amidst my achievement not yours !
seriously though i grew up on the prequels and have always loved them .
not in shape and you are going to be among the oldest at bct ?
bct is really dependent on the drill sergeants you have and where they send you .
can just pop over to the cognitive realm to get physical .
or uh ... summon syl in a specific shape ...
so you do n't like jurassic park indiana jones or back to the future ?
i have n't watched the trilogy in a while .
people who unironically use the term white knight almost always have shitty opinions towards women cmv
normally the taskbar buttons are small and the desktop icons are grouped to the side .
what happened at chernobyl was a best case outcome for the given situation .
it was the best case outcome for a worst case scenario .
it very easily could have rendered a could chick of both europe and asia uninhabitable for hundreds of years displacing hundreds of millions and essentially ending entire nations .
the whole hundreds of years '' thing is also very fuzzy as the worst of the radiation tends to diminish very quickly .
it 's in the nature of radiation that the more actively it 's radiating the shorter its lifespan .
there will be some after a century but it 'll be a tiny fraction of a fraction of what there was initially .
omfg what i would give to be privy to that convo ! ! !
my daughter cursed and my mother first side eyed her husband my step dad her papa then an immediate glare to my husband .
i 'm sitting back like pffffftt told ya so ! !
it is a thing and you know it is .
rich people are paying less tax than ever and hiding away literally as much as they can .
companies are n't spending on wages if they were wages would be going up .
it 's hilarious that you say the current system is fine but somehow would n't be if minimum wage went up a couple of bucks .
yeah but have n't they been talking about since like at least 4 months ?
do n't know the timeline exactly but pretty shortly after breakpoint released ubi made the statement that they would try and fix the issues that breakpoint has .
maybe this is just me having been around for snsd 's the boys english version but i really enjoyed the double knot english version .
it 's obviously going to be different and the mixing was noticeably different to me in some spots but nothing horrible just different .
mad props to the rappers who are n't at all fluent in english for still doing a great job .
well they do have a friend in common taika watiti !
question if a black man does not find me a white woman attractive does that mean he is racist ?
so raindrops are in a constant state of combining with other drops and separating until they finally hit the ground at a consistent size
but everyone else is it sounds like there 's something very wrong with your friend and her husband .
if the baby is only two and a half months old i 'm shocked that you and your friend have had time for adventures misadventures and a couple of weekend trips .
that sounds like an overnight almost every other weekend ?
that 's a lot of time to spend out while leaving her husband and newborn home .
i think your friend has a problem and while you are not the asshole here you are enabling her which is n't the healthiest thing .
it 's a shared space which means you have to be respective of other peoples presumably normal sleep schedules .
just because you can be up late into the night does n't mean others can .
the bathroom is one thing but staying up late cooking in the kitchen is pushing it .
cheap games free games family share games on steam steam vr games humble bundle games tons of unused codes in humble .
yeah i 'm use to wailing through a bunch of shit to find something worth downloading .
honestly would n't be too mad about that i 'll gladly watch games on youtube
go around the boat and pick up survivors the temperature of the water gave the survivors that were n't in lifeboats a few minutes before they got frostbite
you had any kind of relationship with your dad ? ? ?
leighton vanderesch has spinal stenosis a hit that aggravated it retired irvin weakness in the bicep at age 18 retired cooper manning before he even got started and he 's already required surgery to relieve nerve compression .
i used amazonbasics premium high speed cables and they 've worked just fine .
that 's why i said going over by 200 words is not that big of a deal you brainlet .
if your writing skills are still at grade school level then that 's on you not the professor .
i do n't know if i 'm just paranoid but i try to avoid discussing too many details beforehand just to filter leo and/or timewasters who only wan na get off
i 'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos !
he 's done this carpool this g with justin three times now i think .
the first time you clearly see him getting i to the car and driving away .
i imagine that he used to drive but they eventually stopped doing that once they were able to afford to do it .
or maybe just this specific one he needed to do that for some reason
big ass wooden storks in their front lawn carrying either a pink or blue bundle with the words it 's a girl/boy '' and occasionally even accompanying balloons of a matching color .
i am definitely getting sick of eggs ... never loved them .
was n't there a legends book where luke and mara jade stand back to back and deflect heavy balster fire from killer droids for some extreme amount of time ?
iirc it takes an immense mental focus and connection between the two to do it seamlessly and that 's when he proposes or something like that .
well that 's deserts at night off the list but then again the goat man might have been socially awkward and needed a wingman .
no but that mmo should let plays host their own servers and continue to use the product if they themselves can not do so .
this submission has been removed as your elaboration was less than 160 characters roughly two or three standard sized sentences .
if you wish to resubmit the post make sure you include an elaboration/explanation to your post that is has more content .
please read rule 1 correct formatting and rule 6 elaborate and the rest of them while you 're at it .
note that reddit 's character count is unreliable as they count spaces whereas i 'm programmed to not count spaces and there 's nothing the mods can do about it .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/unpopularopinion if you have any questions or concerns .
most people who have told me this 100 do not fit that demographic but yeah i am sure the whole libral dummies blah blah san francisco blah '' stuff is n't helping the city 's image .
def a lot of those types of people at house and techno things like desert hearts or dirtybird .
always talking about how girls are dressed and chads ruining shit .
thanks for the offer but i own all of those in 4k !
do not pass go do not collect the ram-7 remove all watches from your wrist and have fun sucking dick for weapon attachments
because he did n't want to fire her he wanted her dead for badmouthing him .
get rid of her '' take her out '' these are things a mobster says .
in all seriousness you do you it 's the bravest thing you can do .
as long as you are n't hurting anyone then cheers .
i 'm currently taking flucloxacillin i have terbinofine and fucidic acid cream to back up the oral antibiotics and control the fungal infection
unfortunately your submission has been removed due to the use of in new '' in the title .
resubmitting a removed post without prior moderator approval can result in a ban .
deleting a post may cause any appeals to be denied .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
waiting to see how the moto g8 power and galaxy s20 ultra come out in the next month or so might get both depending on how deals work not certain yet
zoo med desert uvb and lighting kit i think we are about to get him a much bigger tank tho so we 'll most likely have to upgrade that soon .
if ur just going for more light on the cool end you could just get an led light for that side that way it wont be too hot
it 's a shounen manga expect it to have all the usual cliches .
sorry but your post has been removed because it does n't have a title tag .
please take a minute to look at our rules and tags post https www.reddit.com/r/youtube/comments/ebv5vm/rules_and_how_to_post_mod to familiarize yourself with what r/youtube is about and how to post to our community .
please note that using a tag does n't ensure that your post will be approved .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/youtube if you have any questions or concerns .
it 's also a major trait of having tribal political beliefs in general .
it 's also a major trait of being a redditor who 'd have thunk ?
yep searched around really decent fee compared to exchanges that will scam you on the way out.. gon na go with this one thanks a bunch to all the people that gathered around to help .
nope just happened to see i never replied after someone else decided to comment lmao
remember when he told one of his goons carter page ?
he thinks it 's all a big episode of the apprentice and that anyone he tells can fire anyone .
im picturing a moose leaping around on the hilltops in a thunderstorm with a metal fork in his mouth
i think it 's fair to say that everyone that sees you tonight is going to want you ... .
with that big of a gap having that kind of info does n't help as much as you seem to think .
if you went back in time 200 years and handed isambard kingdom brunel a full technical schematic of the burj khalifa that would n't change how he built paddington station because there is n't the infrastructure in place to produce the materials you need to do that kind of construction .
he 's still working with wrought iron bricks and medium quality structural steel .
even assuming nero gave them every scientific paper written in the 200 years prior t romulus ' destruction they 'd still be playing catch up just in terms of getting labs and factories setup that could process that information and turn it in to something practical .
oh fuck i was not ready for your profile .
no you fuck off especially with such low effort posts as this https old.reddit.com/r/subredditdrama/comments/esxb41/users_in_rtargetedshirts_attempt_to_tackle .
besides considering the subs you frequent i bet you get secretly aroused and delighted by mods dabbing on you .
with no blog to speak of the synopsis would be this
prtg is a monitoring solution suitable for homelabs to the datacenter even if all you have is a single windows pc .
being a commercial product that offers 100 free sensors paessler does a good job of balancing getting you hooked and revenue generation .
balancing simplicity and extensibility is never easy and if you do not find a prtg sensor type that suits your needs you can deploy custom ssh/scripted solutions .
in this instance being a windows-based deployment i have used powershell to scrap the sonos support review page and parse the xml data into a prtg custom sensor .
prtg can ingest xml/json data in a format specified on their kb site https www.paessler.com/manuals/prtg/custom_sensors .
in the earlier example i captured ofdm data using the following powershell code with a hard-coded ip address .
it could easily be turned into a function that accepts the zoneplayer ip as a parameter fed into prtg .
zonestatus node select expandproperty file where name match status select expandproperty ' text '
i 'm asking how the legislation stops black people from owning guns more than white people ?
legislation can not specify race as a reason for a person not to own a gun so i 'm asking what workaround they have put in place assuming you are correct and there is one to make sure that it 's harder for black people to own guns than white people ?
so far i have n't noticed any negative affects on my health and they do have a pretty dank smell .
obviously i 'm not going to continue to use but maybe the above could be helpful .
could you explain more about the percentage on the sticker ?
right it was a perfect opportunity bc its a fresh year when november hit last year i went 30 days then i reset but this is 2020 aint no resetting 2020
buy both and eat cheap the rest of the week if money is an issue .
baba ram dass whose energetic configuration was just recently altered by dying put it very succinctly love is the most transformative medicine for love slowly transforms you into what psychedelics only get you to glimpse .
yeah well tom brady and i combine for 6 sb victories .
do n't forget to add as much thermal paste as you possibly can fit in there
chitose can do perfectly fine in ehzd and pubs do not really shun him either .
most rooms do n't enable wands out of habit so you just need to host .
personally from what i 've seen the evidence to prove the theory of species evolution seems quite scarce .
nothing substantial enough to define it a fact merely a theory .
and here we see the annual migration of watermelon from freshwater to saltwater for mating season ''
i remember the first time i got the mac version started playing at 5 pm next thing i knew it was like one in the morning haha .
i do n't know why its so easy to get hooked onto this game but i totally understand
march might as well be a meteor show am i right ?
i do n't know a graduating retina fellow who ca n't find a job .
the job market is wide open especially if you are okay living in less competitive areas .
nowadays most jobs will involve a number of satellite offices commuting .
fellows from 'prestigious ' programs do n't always get the 'best ' jobs .
your job satisfaction is ultimately going to be subjective how academic do you want to be how busy how much do you want to make .
the bigger questions for you will be location where you want to practice academic vs. private large multispecialty vs retina only vs solo practitioner etc .
your preferences will narrow down your options and you will have say in choosing what group is the right fit for you .
just get the best fellowship possible for your training .
you will be depended on to be the last man to take on other 's surgical complications disaster referrals .
start the job search early in fellowship and use your mentors recommendations to help you find a group you 're looking for .
and what exactly do you think would happen to the toes in the same situation without steel toes ?
yeah you obviously doubt me because you ca n't prove me wrong .
the fact that you need to use lying to prove me wrong instead of countering my argument shows you 're no better than the other guy .
if all the other teachers know which they clearly do caroline absolutely knows .
i 've been thinking about it and honestly it might be their only option with some students .
it would have had the added advantage of demonstrating for the other kid just how much biting hurt
when i was a preteen there was this kid about 5 to 7 who was running around at church pinching people—hard .
his parents would admonish him and maybe even spank him but it was a price he was willing to pay for the high of watching people yelp .
finally my mom grabbed his arm once right after he 'd pinched someone and held it while she said if you ever pinch me again i am going to pinch you back just as hard .
he yelped and whined and his mom shrugged at him .
oh i know there is n't one but if they 're going to say there absolutely is one that was released then i 'm going to ask them to show it to me .
pay your dad back for a 1000 life lesson for you
do you swallow or should i cover you in cum ?
discussing power level is always the correct thing to do but the problem comes when people are used to different metas and not sure how powerful their deck is compared to anything they could run into .
someone who wins every game at their kitchen table might go to someone else 's and warn them they have a very strong deck when in reality he was playing a 5 at a table of 3 's and now everyone is bringing out their best deck to fight his assumedly tuned deck .
people can also be quick to think higher powered and competitive are interchangeable which can lead to an issue similar to what someone posted above you .
discussing is always ideal but it 's hard to fully assess power levels in different settings .
the wicked movie was n't pushed back '' for anything .
studios have multiple movies in development all the time .
development hell is just a thing that happens and has been happening to wicked for at least a decade now .
every couple of years they announce no but we really mean it this time '' because it gets headlines people like to click on but until an actual cast is announced you can be sure that it 's not happening anytime soon and even then be skeptical .
this comment is automatic and does not mean that something is wrong with your post
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/davie504 if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm building out zerida but would like some advice .
i do n't have any other meteor fb'er so i assume she needs to carry it .
might just be missing them but i ca n't see them .
the legendary mount was shown to promote the hell pit event there is no return event currently planned one can not obtain the legendary mount from the hell pit event even after completing all 22 opportunities .
my cat looks hella chonky but actually she 's really thin it 's her fur that makes her look chonky !
cats can be chonky without over feeding them those cat owners are just shit
i had a meme format that i made a while back and somebody was telling me that it was a repost .
no he just stuck with eating better after a number of years it went back in .
i 've heard that some people had to get surgery to fix the issue which is why i recommend going the healthy slower-paced route of maxing out at 2 pounds a week of weight loss using macros ... you 're going to be alive until you die hopefully of old age so why rush things risk damaging your skin elasticity ?
as far as implementation goes there are a lot of benefits to doing macros to me the biggest perk is being able to eat the same stuff you love to eat .
the only difference is that you have some targets to hit macro-wise protein carbs and fats in order to get results .
counting numbers weighing your food is mega-annoying at first but you still get to have pizza ice cream and stuff because there are no cheat meals '' or cheat days '' with iifym !
anyway i think it 's 100 worth getting educated on how your body works in relation to food .
you 'll always get slower subpar results as long as you 're ignoring your nutritional intake ... you can workout at the gym all you want but until you 're fueling your body properly you 're not going to get the best fastest in a healthy way results !
it 's really the easiest way to get in shape ever because you 're not changing what you love to eat you 're just adding some macro targets to your daily food intake .
i have a our 4-5 fountain pens from waterman lamy pilot caran d'ache etc .
but one or two of these have given me a nightmare .
i take it out to sign something or write something in front of others it hesitates to write .
sometimes i have to take a cheap replacement to make quick notes because i ca n't keep flipping it maniacally .
the waterman especially even after ive had it checked out bothers me a lot .
i do n't think people with wine collections like this are the type of people to keep a mattress within grabbing distance of said wine collection .
the case is pretty solid and yeah i do believe that plate will work
always wondered how much damascus added to the cost of a knife .
i figured a good boot knife like that would give me a good idea .
first week i was on meds i felt so calm that i actually texted someone i hardly knew and asked them if they wanted to run at the gym with me .
before i could never be the first one to ask and the gym made me nervous .
i basically spent the whole time marveling at how calm i felt 😂 it was nice and we ran a couple of times after that but we 're pretty different .
instead of feeling guilty and like i failed to make a person like me because i was x y or z—-on meds i was like oh well we 're pretty different .
it 's a whole new way of experiencing life !
i have never seen this done the way it was meant to be done by navigating the maze .
i did n't even it do it that way when i did it .
black levels are superior regardless of 4k or non-4k content .
i did n't let him drink it he just kept staring at it .
he was pretty popular as a tv magician back in the day .
little ever stays the same but there are a few elements that have always been there .
most importantly a circular two-storey library with a mezzanine and glass roof .
next most important would be a large underground garage with space for multiple cars along with a series of workshops for various purposes a metal shop a wood shop an electronics shop etc .
everything else varies wildly depending on my focus at the time .
i 'd definitely need a dedicated office and a dedicated vr space would be very nice .
i considered a separate smaller ljbrary dedicated to rpgs at one point with a purpose-built gaming table in it but it might be better to just have that table in the main library and have a decent rpg section .
oh and there 'd need to be a loading dock and goods lifts reaching every floor i 'm not carrying furniture upstairs if i 'm rich enough to build my ideal house .
thank you i am sorely out of date and entirely ignorant it appears .
he waits you out and finds the right moment i 've always fought like this too .
not at his level but if you stay calm and just time it and wait it out and strike at that perfect moment it 's pretty unavoidable getting knocked the fuck out .
ohh i 've seen their branding before cool thanks for the recommendation !
in your shoes i 'd crank out a draft quickly well before the deadline and ask the prof if what you have is on the right track of what they expect .
this event sucks ca n't get any drops because of fucking nilfgaard ''
the other thing you might be seeing but not notice right away.. his arms are very long for his body .
conor is 5'9 '' but has a 74 '' reach .
this is important for a few reasons in fighting but it also gives a disproportionate look to his body.. without you really being able to tell just what it is at first glance .
typically you would n't see a 74 '' reach unless they were 6'1 or 6'2 .
for example in his most recent fight donald was 6'1 but had a 73 '' reach which would be a standard proportion '' of arm length height ratio
i 've set up a morning routine so it wakes me up tells me the weather and what the traffic is like for my commute which is pretty handy .
to be honest there are a lot of courts this year that are horrible .
i want a court to look like a court .
i honestly have a hard time watching these games because the courts just jack with your eyes .
wumbo responded to it 2 years ago when it was first posted .
the wrestlecrap fake preview of the chaperone is the best thing to come out of this movie imo .
so why even have it in the first place if it 's the base level '' all are expected to have ?
had this guy come around my neighborhood and open up a surfing shop .
they sold a bunch of stuff dedicated to the sport ... in manhattan .
in all the years they were open i maybe saw 3 people ever step foot in there .
me and other pals never understood what constituted as income for that place or how they were in business for so long .
no but i 'd be pissed if you did n't tell me you were sick and then i got sick .
let me know your link code when you are ready
if japan happens someday you can deal with any ripple effects .
does n't fit on this sub at all especially because it seems like that 's what it 's supposed to say
i thought the sombra fooled you because she threw translocator and you immediately turned before she used it so i was like baited but then the dynamite blew up on her then i was like aaaaaahh sorry
i do n't have a problem since i use revolut the interesting thing is that i always see the price in euros ...
maybe they will upgrade it someday or just remove the euro pricing 😂
so just play objective and try for zero kills ?
matt devlin saying you 're really gon na go there ? lol
i seem to lag a lot even with the lowest settings .
i 'm the hub i run between 20-40 frames with frequent lag spikes that can take me down from 1-20 frames every 10 seconds .
in other areas i run between 50-60 frames with frequent lag spikes that also take me down to 1-20 frames .
i do n't know why this happens but i do n't have any big programs running in the background .
you 're a high rank demon who just got summoned but instead of a mage with magic books and a creepy mansion your summoners are a bunch of teenagers in a basement with snacks .
one of them says to you hello we are in a d d campaign and nick is sick we need another player wan na join ? '' .
were you thinking i 'm not a high-rank demon who just got summoned why would i want to play d d with some teenagers '' or were you asking why should i join the party ? '' .
as a high-ranking demon what are your impressions of the new d d class ?
a it 's easy to be a high-rank demon i mean who would n't want a bunch of demons around to fight ?
but it 's a bit more difficult to get into that group .
i mean how do they get to know you ?
are they all high-ranking demon names or are there other things to know ?
it 's a bit harder to get in but that 's not to say i would n't join in a second time .
b i 'm not so sure if the dnd class would be good .
if you 're a demon that 's basically a god unto yourself and you 're the only one that can do stuff i mean that 's kind of a problem .
we would need a bunch of other people to help us .
a we have to get you to a party and i guess we 're going to tell the other demons too .
a so now that we 're all summoned there 's only one more task and that 's to get to the party .
i mean we 're all summoned together but how do we get to each other ?
b well that may be the hardest part you know summoning demons .
we have to get to the party that 's how we get to each other .
b we 'll just have to summon a giant demon i guess .
q what do you think is the biggest mistake people make when they first get summoned to a d d game ?
a i guess it all boils down to the first game .
b i mean it 's important to have a good game first and to do things right but you have to be prepared for the challenges of the game
a yeah i think it 's great that they were prepared
a while back ago i stumbled upon some published academic paper regarding that certain conditions can lead to weird or unorthodox stoichiometric descriptions of molecules or compounds or reactions that would contravene what we are taught in a first semester university chemistry course .
i wanted to know what conditions would force this kind of theoretical violation if it even exists .
my intention is to understand if certain chemical theories have exceptions or limitations in terms of accounting for non terrestrial or even regular environs .
i am aware of exceptions to rules like the octet rule just wanted to know how powerful chemistry theories are in relation to non-terrestrial environs.thank you for your time .
just to start my dad is a closet racist is n't openly racist in public but in private.. well let 's just say he believes black people and white people should n't be allowed to date this prevents me from really having a relationship with him.. my mother is a devout christian she disagrees with my fathers racism but she is openly transphobic my father is aswell i do not fear being kicked out as my brother did some pretty crazy '' stuff and never got kicked out i 'm 90 sure my parents both dislike me and view me as some form of mistake or failure at one point my father claimed when i was not close-by that i am as useless as tits on a boar hog '' i guess this is just southern slang or something.. i really do n't know so i 've decided coming out to him first really is n't optimal
my mother is generally a slight bit more accepting than my father so i 've chosen to come out to her on monday whilst my dad is at work ...
i want to tell her that i intend on getting hormone replacement therapy the problem with this is it might set her off and she 's rather ignorant towards trans-things issues .
my entire family is honestly i 've slowly been transitioning over the past few weeks shaving face legs.. mostly small physical things.. etc and slowly bringing up trans issues to get a feel for how she may react.. lied saying a friend was transitioning to see how she would react.. bunch of eye rolls and making fun of this figmental friend i intend on telling her that this hypothetical friend is actually me but i 'm terrified that it will end in yelling screaming
any suggestions for ways/things to explain to her that trans people are n't just weirdos with psychological problems ?
sorry for the obnoxious paragraph i 'm new to reddit trying to figure out good formating .
i had a question if any of you had any experience using alternative music choices as background music ?
as a dm i know its common to use movie scores and more classical styles of music as background music but has anyone used more updated music to achieve different affects on their storytelling ?
right now i am going through a lot of trap and lo-fi hip hop music to try to give the campaign a samurai champloo feel and give it more my individual flavor .
i was curious if any of you had an experience using this type of music ?
did it just fall flat or did you create an interesting environment ?
i have been depressed and suicidal for a week now .
i 'm definitely having a mixed episode which scares me because i feel very very unwell .
i want to go somewhere safe but all the hospitals are terrible .
i went once and i told myself never again .
my partner is leaving for a trip on monday for a whole week .
i do n't know what i 'm going to do with myself .
plus i have to many responsibles to just go away for a bit .
i got an email earlier from umiami asking about my financial aid cause i have to submit more documents and 4 hours later decisions came out ? ?
i for one you like to see a mod that actually puts polearms in the game since it looks like it wont be put in by the devs .
i also would like to see some gore mods !
this is a repost because i forgot the flare the first time
i 'm scared my aid is n't actually sleeping on the floor .
i think i did a pretty good job at mixing ambient music with elements of hip hop and lofi .
i feel like clams casino played a big part in making it known that this is possible especially through the production of livelovea ap with asap rocky back in 2011 .
fwdslxsh an ambient electronic producer from london also had a huge impact on the mix his tape the fall is angelic from front to back .
i 'm proud of this one good for those late night relaxations .
we had been dating for 4 months and 6 months ago she cut it .
we were at a friend 's party when someone just sat next to her and started flirting with her .
the thing is i 'm still sort of attracted to her so this hurts a lot .
luckily she does n't want to have a boyfriend and she did n't show interest in him .
i feel like she is a really special person and i find it extremely difficult to come to terms with the fact that she is moving on from me .
or are they jacked up because it 's a monopoly ?
use my boys and grots to push and hold the center .
lay down enough rokkit fire to wipe out heavy infantry and vehicles .
if need be tellyport the trukk with bustas to get them into a good position .
concerns too many vehicles and buggies so they 'll get in the way .
i 'm wondering if i should drop 1 megatrakk and shore up either my stormboyz or boys .
it 's breaking meta a bit taking a 20 man boy squad but i 'm largely unconcerned about of attacks — boys do n't kill stuff anyway .
but a 5 with a 6 will be harder to break than normal so i 'm hoping they hold up just enough for the initial punch .
warboss on warbike 5 pl 108pts attack squig da killa klaw power klaw
please ... give me the sweet release of death ...
this may sound like a silly question but i have all my old notes and the reading list is the same as before this class .
or does anyone have any other ideas on retaking this course ?
i have old test reviews ... should i just focus on those ?
i do n't know how to explain this but i will try my best .
i constantly am picking at my scalp not because it 's itchy but just to feel the thinness of my hair .
i often gravitate toward where i have the worst hair loss and i find myself twisting and pulling on the section of hair that has become super thin .
it 's kind of something that i have to fight myself to stop .
i did n't start doing this impulsive habit until i noticed my hair thinning a year ago .
been looking for it lately to help with my acne but do n't know where exactly i can get it .
untapped.gg has some great stats tracking and they just released this https i.redd.it/9f4gchdgrqc41.png some hours ago .
i mean i knew the deck was strong but 70 ?
i do n't even remember seeing a simic list back when oko was still legal that could keep up a winrate that high over hundreds and hundreds of matches .
what decks have you guys had consistent success against uw ?
with numbers like these you can be sure the popularity of that deck is gon na skyrocket .
if we can just figure out something that beats azorius 99 of the time you can probably keep an insanely high winrate too just farming that deck .
seems to me like a 4 mana wrath exile removal for everything in banishing light and elspeth saga birth of meletis to stop aggro in it 's tracks a nigh unkillable finisher was enough to put that deck over the top .
how did this not make 5-0 on mtgo yesterday ?
also i know it 's waaay to early for ban-talk but if these numbers do n't go down we 're gon na have to see some changes right ?
anyways i just want to have some discussion on the topic .
you can have a completely different opinion to mine but those winrates are just not normal that deck is definitely something to watch out for .
i have most of the classic games on steam and now i 'm interested in playing wads like brutal doom tnt etc .
will i be able to install these onto the doxbox/steam version or will i need to get a source port ?
have n't fapped in 20 days or so and did it today and felt amazing !
is this weird cause most people feel guilt and shame etc .
everything feels so great i feel relaxed energized everything is so good !
ornstien and smoggy are really f*ciing me up man i 'm ready to quit this game .
i can get to phase two but only by killing smough and then giant bitch takes me out in 5 seconds with his leaping ass .
i 've got no humanity so ca n't summon help best weapons are a 3 lightning spear which makes quick work of smough first phase but barely hurts ornstien and a 5 claymore which just feels too slow .
somehow every hit i land with it on ornstien only does 40-70 damage .
how is that possible if it says it should do 155 damage ?
the main question i have is where can i find humanity in anor londo ?
my period has been late for 12 days and i have grown increasingly worried .
i have taken 3 pregnancy tests all negative so i do n't think i 'm pregnant but i do n't know why my period has n't happened yet .
i 've also recently had really bad issues with digestion every time i eat something other than fruits or vegetables i get extremely bloated and have nonstop gas for hours on end .
i have a history of an ed 2015-2018 and went through secondary amenorrhea for a year 02/18-02/19 but have since recovered and had a small relapse 09/19 but have since been taking care of myself .
i definitely do n't drink enough water max 32oz/week but drink other things .
my blood pressure has been in a healthy range so i do n't think my blood circulation is n't a problem .
i 'm worried for my health and i want to get some blood tests done but i 'm unsure if i should go through with it .
i ca n't afford to go to my primary care doctor right now but any advice helps !
i originally came out as a transgender woman but alway felt some kind of non-binary in me .
ive considered the label transfeminine but it still does n't feel accurate .
i dont feel like i 'm in between non-binary and feminine on the gender spectrum .
i do feel like first and foremost a woman .
i want to change as much as i can about my appearance and behavior to be read as a woman but i also dont want to be trapped in this womanhood .
the idea of that gives me some dysphoria but not nearly as much as being trapped in manhood .
i originally described this feeling wishing i was afab non-binary '' .
but eventually i started describing it as being a transexual nb woman since that is more gender affirming then an impossible desire which is an identity that really helps me process it all .
i feel like if/when i achieve certain goals in my transition to a woman if i become gendered correctly as a woman by others i could see myself really embracing the non-binary identity and even changing my pronouns to they .
but the idea of of going by they when i can be clocked as a male feels extra icky to me idk why .
i need a new phone and want to defect from ios to android for the first time !
i like the look of the s10 but i know the s11 will be out soon .
will there be much of an improvement between the two models ?
will it be more expensive than the current s10 ?
will the price of the s10 go down much after the release of the s11 ?
perhaps a bit behind but wanted to shout it out ...
had lunch at the the little pickle https yelp.to/qtkq/zfc1mjivu3 today and man it was fantastic .
i was so damn impressed with the beef and the caraway studded kaiser roll .
i spent most of my free time this week compiling a short bio for every r/neoliberal flair personality .
i hope it can serve as a quick reference guide to learn about the awesome efforts of the public servants and great thinkers that this sub respects and to see what personalities your fellow neoliberal redditors gravitate to .
unfortunately post character limit is 40k so i will have to break this into multiple posts linked here
however i am just one person and this project was a larger undertaking than i expected .
i 'm sure there are entries with errors misrepresentations or important missing details despite my absolute best attempts to be as accurate as possible without bias .
please help me correct these i am more than happy to keep this document up to date !
· indian american economist who is currently the ford foundation international professor of economics at massachusetts institute of technology .
banerjee shared the 2019 nobel memorial prize in economic sciences with esther duflo and michael kremer for their experimental approach to alleviating global poverty '' .
in 2014 he received the bernhard-harms-prize from the kiel institute for the world economy .
· co-founder of abdul latif jameel poverty action lab a global research center working to reduce poverty by ensuring that policy is informed by scientific evidence .
banerjee and his co-workers try to measure the effectiveness of actions such as government programmes in improving people 's lives .
for this they use randomized controlled trials similar to clinical trials in medical research .
we must arm ourselves with patience and wisdom and listen to the poor what they want .
this is the best way to avoid the trap of ignorance ideology and inertia on our side.
· prime minister of the federal democratic republic of ethiopia .
abiy has launched a wide program of political and economic reforms and worked to broker peace deals in eritrea south sudan and a transition agreement in the republic of the sudan .
abiy 's government has presided over the release of thousands of political prisoners from ethiopian jails and the rapid opening of the country 's political landscape .
· 2019 nobel peace prize for his work in ending the 20-year post-war territorial stalemate between ethiopia and eritrea .
· numerous peace and humanitarian awards from apcafrica unesco african union african artists peace initiative and ugandan ‘most excellent order of the pearl of africa ' .
in 2018 he was given a special peace and reconciliation '' award by the ethiopian church for his work in reconciliating rival factions within the church .
killing others is a defeat to those who tried to divide us i want to tell you that you have not succeeded.
· key economist and philosopher during the scottish enlightenment who earned the designations 'the father of economics ' and the father of capitalism ' for laying the foundations of classical free market economic theory .
· notable famous works include books ‘the wealth of nations ' and the theory of moral sentiments ' .
‘the wealth of nations ' was a precursor to the modern academic discipline of economics .
in this and other works he developed the concept of division of labor and expounded upon how rational self-interest and competition can lead to economic prosperity .
· smith critically examined the moral thinking of his time and suggested that conscience arises from dynamic and interactive social relationships through which people seek mutual sympathy of sentiments . ''
his ‘theory of moral sentiments ' aims explain the source of mankind 's ability to form moral judgment given that people begin life with no moral sentiments at all .
· disagreement exists between classical and neoclassical economists about the central message of smith 's most influential work .
neoclassical economists emphasise smith 's invisible hand a concept which describes the unintended social benefits of an individual 's self-interested actions .
classical economists believe that smith stated his program for promoting the wealth of nations '' in the first sentences which attributes the growth of wealth and prosperity to the division of labor .
the subjects of every state ought to contribute towards the support of the government as nearly as possible in proportion to their respective abilities that is in proportion to the revenue which they respectively enjoy under the protection of the state.
· predecessor to ben bernake serving as chair of the federal reserve of the united states from 1987 to 2006 .
· warning of a bubble in the u.s. housing market greenspan forecast the 2008 u.s. recession in 2007 .
· associate of ayn rand and proponent of rand 's objectivism greenspan called himself a ‘lifelong libertarian republican and was a proponent of the gold standard .
· although greenspan was initially a logical positivist he was converted to rand 's philosophy of objectivism by her associate nathaniel branden .
he became one of the members of rand 's inner circle the ayn rand collective who read atlas shrugged while it was being written .
· in his memoir greenspan criticizes president george w. bush vice president dick cheney and the republican-controlled congress for abandoning the republican party 's principles on spending and deficits .
greenspan 's criticisms of president bush include his refusal to veto spending bills sending the country into increasingly deep deficits and for putting political imperatives ahead of sound economic policies '' .
· he praised bill clinton above all the other presidents for whom he 'd worked for his consistent disciplined focus on long-term economic growth '' .
the true measure of a career is to be able to be content even proud that you succeeded through your own endeavors without leaving a trail of casualties in your wake.
· awarded the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences in 1998 and india 's highest civilian award the bharat ratna in 1999 for welfare economics .
winner of cambridge 's adam smith prize in 1954 .
won oxford university 's bodley medal for outstanding contributions to the worlds of communications and literature in 2019 .
over 90 honorary degrees from universities around the world .
· current professor of economics and philosophy at harvard university .
has written over 30 books on economic theory and social sciences .
· in 2019 london school of economics announced the creation of the amartya sen chair in inequality studies .
the increasing tendency towards seeing people in terms of one dominant ‘identity ' ‘this is your duty as an american ' ‘you must commit these acts as a muslim ' or ‘as a chinese you should give priority to this national engagement ' is not only an imposition of an external and arbitrary priority but also the denial of an important liberty of a person who can decide on their respective loyalties to different groups to all of which he or she belongs .
· co-director and research associate of the public economics program at the national bureau of economic research and the co-scientific director of j-pal north america a research center at mit that encourages and facilitates randomized evaluations of important domestic policy issues .
· winner of the 2012 john bates clark medal for her contributions to economics .
awarded the macarthur genius fellowship in 2018 and elected to the national academy of sciences .
· finkelstein 's expertise is in public finance and health economics .
she conducts research into market failures and government intervention in insurance markets and the impact of public policy on health care and health insurance .
we may need to do more health care plumbing rather than health care big theories.
· american economist and professor of economics at the university of chicago 's booth school of business .
· economic advisor for obama 's successful 2004 u.s. senate campaign in illinois then chair of the council of economic advisers under the obama administration 2010-2011 .
· named world economic forum 's ‘100 global leaders for tomorrow ' topped the new yorker 's list of the ten most intriguing political personalities of 2010 and for some reason was one of salon.com 's 15 sexiest men of 2010 .
· early supporter of pete buttigieg in the 2020 democratic party presidential primary .
we were facing in the fourth quarter of 2008 and the first quarter of 2009 epically horrible declines in gdp every measure of the economy falling through the floor completely on fire .
joe will tell you in every ph.d. program students in economics students must take an economic history class and in every economic history class the professor says ‘there could never be another great depression because we 're smarter than we were then and we would never allow that to happen . '
we were put to the test to answer that question .
the fact that we are here to bitch about the economy and about this policy and that and the budget forecasts for gdp growth are 1 percent too low i 'm thrilled i 'm overjoyed that we are n't all out of our jobs and we prevented the great depression .
· american economist at the brookings institution economic research group .
fellow of the econometric society and the american academy of arts and sciences .
won the distinguished leadership in government award from columbia business school in 2008 .
· chair of the federal reserve 2006-2014 overseeing the response to the late-2000s financial crisis after serving as chairman of president george w. bush 's council of economic advisers .
· in his 2015 book ‘the courage to act ' he revealed that the world 's economy came close to collapse in 2007/2008 and asserts that it was only the novel efforts of the fed cooperating with other agencies and agencies of foreign governments that prevented an economic catastrophe greater than the great depression .
a meritocracy is a system in which the people who are the luckiest in their health and genetic endowment luckiest in terms of family support encouragement and probably income luckiest in their educational and career opportunities and luckiest in so many other ways difficult to enumerate — these are the folks who reap the largest rewards .
the only way for even a putative meritocracy to hope to pass ethical muster to be considered fair is if those who are the luckiest in all of those respects also have the greatest responsibility to work hard to contribute to the betterment of the world and to share their luck with others.
· started working full-time at the bill melinda gates foundation in 2006 a private charitable foundation with the goal of enhancing healthcare and reducing extreme poverty around the world as well as in the u.s. to expand educational opportunities and access to information technology
· early adopter of the giving pledge a commitment to donate at least half of his wealth 110b over the course of time to charity .
· time magazine named gates one of the 100 people who most influenced the 20th century as well as one of the 100 most influential people of 2004 2005 and 2006 .
he with bono was named time's 2005 's persons of the year for humanitarian efforts and in 2006 he was voted eighth in the list of time's heroes of our time .
barack obama honored bill and melinda gates with the presidential medal of freedom for their philanthropic efforts in 2016 .
is the rich world aware of how 4 billion of the 6 billion live ?
if we were aware we would want to help out we 'd want to get involved .
humanity 's greatest advances are not in its discoveries but in how those discoveries are applied to reduce inequity.
· head of the european central bank the main institution responsible for the management of the euro and monetary policy in the eurozone of the european union .
previously served as chair and managing director md of the international monetary fund imf 2011-2019 .
· france 's trade minister 2005-2007 lagarde prioritized opening new markets for the country 's products focusing on the technology sector .
in 2017 she was moved to the ministry of agriculture as part of the government of françois fillon then joined fillon 's cabinet in the ministry of economic affairs finance and employment to become the first woman in charge of economic policy in france .
· forbes 2014 5th most powerful woman in the world forbes 2019 2nd most powerful woman in the world and winner of the atlantic council 's distinguished international leadership award .
i look under the skin of countries ' economies and i help them make better decisions and be stronger to prosper and create employment .
it 's about enabling them to achieve what they can achieve – and to do that with a purpose .
... we have a collective responsibility-to bring about a more stable and more prosperous world a world in which every person in every country can reach their full potential.
· professor of economics at harvard university and director of the development of the american economy program at the national bureau of economic research .
in 1990 goldin became the first tenured woman at harvard 's economics department .
· economic awards from the american economic association carolyn shaw bell award association of american publishers r.r .
hawkins award omicron delta epsilon john r. commons award institute of labor economics iza prize and the bbva foundation frontiers in knowledge award .
· best known for published papers focused on women in the u.s. economy economic history labor economics gender and economics and the economics of work family and education .
in the first half of the 20th century education raced ahead of technology but later in the century technology raced ahead of educational gains .
the skill bias of technology did not change much across the century nor did its rate of change .
rather the sharp rise in inequality was largely due to an educational slowdown.
has a phd from the london school of economics and notable for many lse lectures before joining mit .
· has authored hundreds of papers and five books .
his 2012 co-authored book why nations fail on the role that institutions play in shaping nations ' economic outcomes prompted wide scholarly and media commentary .
in 2015 he was named the most cited economist of the past 10 years per research papers in economics repec data .
· many economic awards including the john bates clark medal 2005 by the american economic association the john von neumann award 2007 by rajk lászló college for advanced studies the erwin plein nemmers prize in economics 2012 by northwestern university the bbva foundation frontiers of knowledge award 2016 the jean-jacques laffont prize and the toulouse school of economics 2018 global economy prize .
social democracy when practiced by competent governments is a phenomenal success .
everywhere in the west is to some degree social democratic but the extent of this varies .
we owe our prosperity and freedom to social democracy .
... social democracy did not achieve these things by taxing and redistributing a lot .
it achieved them by having labor institutions protecting workers encouraging job creation and encouraging high wages.
co-director of the mit school effectiveness and inequality initiative .
a commentator on many fields in economics his research generally focuses on topics from labor economics .
· his most cited article studies the effect of skill-biased technological change in the form of computerization on the diverging u.s. education wage differentials and finds evidence suggesting that computerization has increased skill-based wage premia in the u.s. by requiring rapid skill upgrading which in turn has increased the labor demand for college graduates relative to workers without tertiary education as well as the wage premium associated with a college degree .
quarterly journal of economics computing inequality have computers changed the labor market ? 1998 .
· andrew carnegie fellowship ‘depopulism ' how the inversion of the rural-urban age gradient shapes the diverging economic and political geography of the u.s. and other industrialized countries – recognized by bloomberg as ‘one of the 50 people who defined global business in 2017 ' – fellow american academy of arts and sciences fellow society of labor economists fellow the econometric society .
adjusting to the rapid pace of technological change creates real challenges seen most clearly in our polarized labor market and the threat that it poses to economic mobility .
· a whig political party member david ricardo is one of the most influential of the classical economists along with thomas malthus adam smith and james mill .
he got his start advocating for a reduction in the note-issuing of the bank of england .
ricardo 's most famous work is his ‘principles of political economy and taxation ' 1817 where he advanced a labor theory of value the value of a commodity or the quantity of any other commodity for which it will exchange depends on the relative quantity of labour which is necessary for its production and not on the greater or less compensation which is paid for that labour.
· an abolitionist ricardo said he regarded slavery as a stain on the character of the nation once very publicly at a meeting of the court of the east india company in 1823 .
he most vocally advocated for the abolition of the death penalty for forgery repeal of blasphemy laws and adamantly supported the implementation of free trade .
· ricardo was a close friend of james mill .
he was a member of malthus ' political economy club and a member of the king of clubs .
he was one of the original members of the geological society .
under a system of perfectly free commerce each country naturally devotes its capital and labour to such employments as are most beneficial to each .
this pursuit of individual advantage is admirably connected with the universal good of the whole .
by stimulating industry by rewarding ingenuity and by using most efficaciously the peculiar powers bestowed by nature it distributes labour most effectively and most economically while by increasing the general mass of productions it diffuses general benefit and binds together by one common tie of interest and intercourse the universal society of nations throughout the civilized world.
· professor of economics history english and communication at the university of illinois at chicago .
former visiting professor of philosophy at erasmus university rotterdam .
her main research includes the misuse of statistical significance in economics and the study of capitalism .
· after receiving degrees in economics at harvard university her dissertation on british iron and steel won the 1973 david a .
in 2013 she received the julian l. simon memorial award from the competitive enterprise institute for her work examining factors in history that led to advancement in human achievement and prosperity .
· a self-labeled christian libertarian mccloskey has described herself as a literary quantitative postmodern free-market progressive episcopalian midwestern woman from boston who was once a man. mccloskey has advocated on behalf of lgbt organizations and the lgbt community .
she was a vocal critic of the theory of autogynephilia as a motivation for sex reassignment by the sexologist ray blanchard .
nor during the age of innovation have the poor gotten poorer as people are always saying .
on the contrary the poor have been the chief beneficiaries of modern capitalism .
it is an irrefutable historical finding obscured by the logical truth that the profits from innovation go in the first act mostly to the bourgeois rich.
her research focuses on public economics in developing countries and includes collaborations with tax authorities and procurement agencies in several countries .
· faculty research fellow at the nber an affiliate professor at bread cepr and j-pal and a member of the igc and the hbs social enterprise initiative .
· has conducted numerous large-scale randomized field experiments about tax evasion by firms and about determinants and impacts of formal savings for low-income micro-entrepreneurs .
my sense is that there 's a lot of confusion about the relation between climate change and the economy .
a key reason why climate change is so dangerous is that it creates a big threat to our economies .
previously served as the director of the taubman center for state and local government and the director of the rappaport institute for greater boston both at the kennedy school of government .
he is a senior fellow at the manhattan institute and a contributing editor of city journal .
he was also an editor of the quarterly journal of economics .
· his work examining the historical evolution of economic hubs like boston and new york city has had major influence on both economics and urban geography .
glaeser has written on a variety of topics ranging from social economics to the economics of religion from both contemporary and historical perspectives .
he has published at a rate of almost five articles per year since 1992 in leading peer-reviewed academic economics journals in addition to many books other articles blogs and op-eds .
· hlaser has many contributions to urban economics and economic theory .
for example his work with david cutler of harvard identified harmful effects of segregation on black youth he challenged 1960s urban land use theory showing pro-poor central cities ' policies encouraged more poor people to live in central cities and he has argued that human capital explains much of the variation in urban and metropolitan level prosperity .
the fact that there is urban poverty is not something cities should be ashamed of .
they attract poor people because they deliver things that people need most of all—economic opportunity.
· american political economist focused on the study of production and trade and their relations with law custom and government .
her work was associated with new institutional economics a focus on including economic aspects excluded in neoclassical economics .
· in 2009 she was awarded the nobel memorial prize in economic sciences for her analysis of economic governance especially the commons which she shared with oliver e. williamson .
to date she remains the first of only two women to win the nobel prize in economics the other being esther duflo .
· ostrom conducted her field studies on the management of pasture by locals in africa and irrigation systems management in villages of western nepal .
her work has considered how societies have developed diverse institutional arrangements for managing natural resources and avoiding ecosystem collapse in many cases even though some arrangements have failed to prevent resource exhaustion .
her work emphasized the multifaceted nature of human–ecosystem interaction and argues against any singular panacea for individual social-ecological system problems .
until a theoretical explanation based on human choice for self-organized and self-governed enterprises is fully developed and accepted major policy decisions will continue to be undertaken with a presumption that individuals can not organize themselves and always need to be organized by external authorities .
unfortunately many analysts – in academia special-interest groups governments and the press – still presume that common-pool problems are all dilemmas in which the participants themselves can not avoid producing suboptimal results and in some cases disastrous results.
· professor of poverty alleviation and development economics at mit .
co-founder and co-director of the abdul latif jameel poverty action lab which was established in 2003 .
duflo is a national bureau of economic research nber research associate a board member of the bureau for research and economic analysis of development bread and director of the center for economic and policy research 's development economics program .
· duflo 's research focuses on microeconomic issues in developing countries including household behavior education and access to finance health and policy evaluation .
she has been a driving force in advancing field experiments as an important methodology to discover causal relationships in economics .
· duflo was awarded the nobel prize in economics in 2019 along with her two co-researchers abhijit banerjee and michael kremer for their experimental approach to alleviating global poverty .
duflo is the youngest person at age 46 and the second woman to win this award after elinor ostrom in 2009 .
awareness of our problems thus does not necessarily mean that they get solved .
it may just mean that we are able to perfectly anticipate where we will fall.
· professor of finance at the university of chicago booth school of business and american economist best known for his empirical work on portfolio theory asset pricing and the efficient-market hypothesis .
· fama is most often thought of as the father of the efficient-market hypothesis beginning with his ph.d. thesis .
in 1965 he published an analysis of the behavior of stock market prices that showed that they exhibited so-called fat tail distribution properties implying extreme movements were more common than predicted on the assumption of normality .
· fama cast doubt on the validity of the capital asset pricing model capm which posits that a stock 's beta alone should explain its average return .
fama 's papers describe two factors above and beyond a stock 's market beta which can explain differences in stock returns market capitalization and value .
they also offer evidence that a variety of patterns in average returns often labeled as anomalies in past work can be explained with his fama–french three-factor model .
i 'd compare stock pickers to astrologers but i do n't want to bad mouth astrologers.
in an efficient market at any point in time the actual price of a security will be a good estimate of its intrinsic value.
· austrian-british economist and philosopher best known for his defense of classical liberalism .
he served in world war i during his teenage years and said that this experience in the war and his desire to help avoid the mistakes that had led to the war drew him into economics .
he studied economics eventually receiving his doctoral degrees in law 1921 and in political science 1923 at the university of vienna .
· hayek shared the 1974 nobel memorial prize in economic sciences with gunnar myrdal for his pioneering work in the theory of money and economic fluctuations and ... penetrating analysis of the interdependence of economic social and institutional phenomena .
his account of how changing prices communicate information that helps individuals co-ordinate their plans is widely regarded as an important achievement in economics leading to his nobel prize .
· president ronald reagan listed hayek as among the two or three people who most influenced his philosophy and welcomed hayek to the white house as a special guest .
milton friedman of the hoover institution andrzej walicki of notre dame u.s. representative dick armey and former president of the czech republic vaclav klaus have claimed that the writings of hayek were a major influence on many of the leaders of the velvet revolution in central europe during the collapse of the old soviet empire .
from the fact that people are very different it follows that if we treat them equally the result must be inequality in their actual position and that the only way to place them in an equal position would be to treat them differently .
equality before the law and material equality are therefore not only different but are in conflict with each other and we can achieve either one or the other but not both at the same time.
· soros is known as the man who broke the bank of england because of his short sale of us 10 billion worth of pounds sterling which made him a profit of 1 billion during the 1992 black wednesday uk currency crisis .
based on his early studies of philosophy soros formulated an application of karl popper 's general theory of reflexivity to capital markets which he claims renders a clear picture of asset bubbles and fundamental/market value of securities as well as value discrepancies used for shorting and swapping stocks .
· soros 's quantum fund is thought to have greatly influenced the collapse of communism in eastern europe in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
· soros is a well-known supporter of progressive and liberal political causes to which he dispenses donations through his foundation the open society foundations .
between 1979 and 2011 he donated more than 11 billion to various philanthropic causes by 2017 his donations on civil initiatives to reduce poverty and increase transparency and on scholarships and universities around the world totaled 12 billion .
· soros of jewish decent survived nazi germany-occupied hungary and emigrated to the united kingdom in 1947 .
antiemetic conspiracy theories painting soros as a puppet master behind a variety of alleged global plots moved from the fringes to the mainstream of republican politics the new york times reported in 2018 .
the main difference between me and other people who have amassed this kind of money is that i am primarily interested in ideas and i do n't have much personal use for money .
but i hate to think what would have happened if i had n't made money my ideas would not have gotten much play.
first there is no single sustainable model for national success .
second the american model which has indeed been successful is not available to others because our success depends greatly on our dominant position at the center of the global capitalist system and we are not willing to yield it.
american macroeconomist best known in academia for his work on new keynesian economics .
· mankiw is a conservative and has been an economic adviser to several republican politicians .
from 2003 to 2005 mankiw was chairman of the council of economic advisers under president george w. bush .
in 2006 he became an economic adviser to mitt romney and worked with romney during his presidential campaigns in 2008 and 2012 .
· omicron delta epsilon the international honor society for economics awarded mankiw the biennial john r. commons award in 2019 .
he won the council for economic education 's visionary award in 2017 .
as of april 2016 the repec overall ranking based on academic publications citations and related metrics put him as the 23rd most influential economist in the world out of nearly 50,000 registered authors .
which brings us to a third group of macroeconomists those who fall into neither the pro nor the anti-keynes camp .
we credit both sides with making legitimate points yet we watch with incredulity as the combatants take their enthusiasm or detestation too far .
keynes was a creative thinker and keen observer of economic events but he left us with more hard questions than compelling answers.
· american political economist and journalist who promoted single tax on land .
he inspired the economic philosophy known as georgism also called geoism an economic ideology holding that while people should own the value they produce themselves economic value derived from land should belong equally to all members of society .
· his most famous work progress and poverty 1879 sold millions of copies worldwide probably more than any other american book before that time .
it investigates the paradox of increasing inequality and poverty amid economic and technological progress the cyclic nature of industrialized economies and the use of rent capture such as land value tax and other anti-monopoly reforms as a remedy for these and other social problems .
· george is best known for his argument that the economic rent of land location should be shared by society .
he considered businesses relying on exclusive right-of-way land privilege to be natural monopolies .
george was opposed to or suspicious of all intellectual property privilege because his classical definition of land included all natural forces and opportunities. therefore george proposed to abolish or greatly limit intellectual property privilege .
in george 's view owning a monopoly over specific arrangements and interactions of materials governed by the forces of nature allowed title-holders to extract royalty-rents from producers in a way similar to owners of ordinary land titles .
george was opposed to tariffs and one of the earliest and most prominent advocates for adoption of the secret ballot in the united states .
it is true that wealth has been greatly increased and that the average of comfort leisure and refinement has been raised but these gains are not general .
i do not mean that the condition of the lowest class has nowhere nor in anything been improved but that there is nowhere any improvement which can be credited to increased productive power .
i mean that the tendency of what we call material progress is in nowise to improve the condition of the lowest class in the essentials of healthy happy human life.
· influential prussian—german philosopher during the age of enlightenment who argued in his doctrine of transcendental idealism that space time and causation are mere sensibilities things-in-themselves exist but their nature is unknowable .
kant 's views continue to have a major influence on contemporary philosophy especially the fields of epistemology ethics political theory and post-modern aesthetics .
· kant regarded himself as showing the way past the impasse between rationalists regards reason as the chief source and test of knowledge and empiricists states that knowledge comes only or primarily from sensory experience and is widely held to have synthesized both traditions in his thought .
· kant published other important works on ethics religion law aesthetics astronomy and history .
these include the universal natural history 1755 the critique of practical reason 1788 the metaphysics of morals 1797 and the critique of judgment 1790 which looks at aesthetics and teleology a reason or explanation for something as a function of its end purpose or goal .
experience without theory is blind but theory without experience is mere intellectual play.
all our knowledge begins with the senses proceeds then to the understanding and ends with reason .
the rundown i 'm a senior in college and this is my last semester before graduating .
i need some physical touch in the sexual form so i can cope with final semester stressors !
my stats 22f 5'1 '' asian ddf i 've been told i 'm cute fit from doing sports through high school and working out in college 32c boobs and an ass that says i know how to squat no need to spot me creep '' i ca n't host sorry .
you please be fit seriously guys this is important to me age 18-40 clean hung or at least above average able to host please be dominant in bed as i like being submissive and i have a few kinks your pic gets mine if i like what i see !
and do n't worry i do n't mind nsfw photos
i hate reddit chat so please do not message me on there .
sorry if i do n't get to all the replies !
the best episodes were not written by the creators of the show the two creators is like steam they made the rick and morty universe the platform the writers are the ones who gave it life .
if it werent for great writing it would be more like the original rough concept a bit of a cult show
channa ve lyrics b praak https preview.redd.it/43z75tqi9vc41.jpg ? width=448 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=12c7d1de195ed5d8ce2bb000567867b179daa611
if it 's based off size would the sun not be considered a planet ?
cbse admit card 2020 out ... . ! ! !
central board of secondary education has issued the 10th/12th regular private exam hall ticket so that students are informed to download it online from this page .
central board of secondary education has made available cbse 10th admit card https jobsfocal.com/cbse-admit-card .
i started a youtube playlist of what i 've been calling the proto-bakersfield sound music .
there are few songs here where you can really hear it the progression from regular honky tonk or ray price style shuffle to what later became the mid-60s bakersfield sound which is what i find super fascinating
i think i 've posted here before that a bunch of the wynn stewart stuff wishful thinking playboy heartaches for a dime sounds like ray price on steroids and i think you can kind of picture how wynn 's super aggressive loud urgent flavor of dance music was such a big influence on everyone who came after in west coast country .
it 's also been interesting to dig around in skeets mcdonald 's music as i think he was a huge influence on wynn and everyone else .
i 've recently discovered billy mize and his huge influence on bakersfield sound .
there are a few later numbers on this list bonnie owens ' song is from 1967 i think and the billy mize honkytonk blues is from even later .
there are a couple of songs that barely sound like the bakersfield sound formula at all such as wynn 's first recordings and a bunch of songs that buck owens plays on but which otherwise sound like western swing or straight 50 's honkytonk
me and almost a dozen people want to get to salem .
this week at work has been a total shitshow even more for me because i 'm kind of new to all this adulting so the stress gets to me probably more than folks who understand work stress/coping .
not gon na lie sometimes i cave and drink and end up feeling upset with myself for backsliding .
not tonight satan not tonight i went to yoga class after work ! ! !
like who is this healthy person that 's taken over my body ?
what other cool things can i do on a friday night to get out of the house/have fun/stay out of bars ?
hopefully i can begin to build friendships with other people who are not into drinking as i do n't have much of a healthy friend group would love to develop that more .
just wanted to make note that i did something positive for sobriety today .
students have many pressures from home from schools which are mainly for marks comparing one with other this needs to be stop .
this video shows how some parents demotivate their child by forcing and comparing with others .
students have many pressures from home from schools which are mainly for marks comparing one with other this needs to be stop .
this video shows how some parents demotivate their child by forcing and comparing with others .
i just finished my vulkar and started farming xp to upgrade it and eventually my mr and felt in love with the sniper i always used shotguns but after getting the vulkar i started liking it tho i do want some tips to make myself a great sniper currently using rhino tho i have frost being made
in fourth or fifth grade in the late '80s our reading group did a year-long focus on science fiction/futurism .
one of the stories featured a female indexer who worked in a building that rearranged itself every day .
she 'd enter through the same door but one day it might be the butterfly room another day the jungle room another day the rainbow room and so on .
the variety was meant to stave off boredom from the sameness of sitting at a computer terminal every day .
her job was to read books and enter each idea item place etc .
the intent of the indexing program was to index every single idea in every single published piece in the history of the world .
i remember it being a great story and remember being blown away when a teacher came into the computer lab a few years later all excited about this new thing called yahoo !
my uneven cheekbone is healing so i wo n't look like i got in a fist fight in the middle of compton
i see that c clipboard in background mode copy screenshot to clipboard is available in the version of spectacle included in plasma 5.17.90 .
can someone tell me when it was first introduced please ?
i 'm a titan named rougescout1099 playing on the xbox one .
you may do it as many times as you like for every card and phone number you have .
just download the app enter my referral code and link either a visa amex or mastercard credit card .
it is a cashback app so your card details are secure .
it only works if you have a us phone number and card .
i will pay you very shortly after verifying you completed the task .
r preferably with some good iv 's but i 'll gladly accept any ditto .
ask if i have anything else you might want .
miami loses to the clippers they only need to lose one more game until february 2nd if we can stay undefeated in that stretch for us to secure the 2-seed .
very high gdp growth due to a multitude of things including gaining a 40 stake in african republic oil massive construction projects high government spending mining and oil expansions foreign aid/investment and positive global outlook
forgot to mention high defense spending due to fears of all out war during the budgeting period .
daily thread to write down a journal entry for the day ed related or otherwise .
question of the day what is something you can do to get more or better quality sleep ?
currently sitting on 950 energy at lvl53 ... is there anyway to use it without completely jacking up my xp balance ?
came across this on the interwebs and thought that there was some truth to it .
bezos convinced investors that prioritizing growth and future cash flows is rational investors bought in view the world simply as if you 're not growing you 're dying value stocks with low revenue growth but strong eps growth continue be depressed amzn https twitter.com/search ? q 24amzn src=cashtag_click killed value .
what value stocks with strong earnings growth not being appreciated by the market ?
i need audio from some specific scenes thats high quality i have all of the dvds but my pc doesnt have a disc drive .
im making a remake of the gba game and i 'd like to add side quests that derive from plots in the original episodes .
i would like some advice on dealing with this situation .
i am currently renting a room in my host 's home for 2 weeks he is also living there during my stay .
at the front entrance he has a very small tank more of a jar with a beta fish in it .
i 'm talking completely murky with a thick film on the top .
the tank has no filter or heater or anything .
the fish just sits with its mouth breaching the surface of the water all day .
should i say something and what should i say ?
i feel really bad for this fish which is clearly suffering .
first of all the one thing about this game i hate more than anything is the really badly unpredictable ar and it gets really annoying when you actually have a decent streak and all of a sudden the ar decides to move the character while you need to stare at them is absolute garbage i do n't know why this game simply ca n't have a non ar mode because the only thing i do n't like about this game is the stupid ar it 's simply annoying it has n't made the game play immersive at all it only takes away from the game because of of the limitation of the bad ar your in-game life and progression should not be dependent on ar there should be a mode for those who do not want dumb little gimmicks and actually want to play the game and not try to screw around trying to get the ar to work right and the right lighting
that 's it i just work at a daycare .
i have a crush on my beat friend and i 'm thinking about asking him out soon but i 'm sooooo scared to ruin a friend ship i 'm a girl he 's a boy
so i followed the map that we probably are all following .
did they add more herbs or something in niaowu ?
reason i ask this is because infront of the red snakes den for example i picked up 2 more bits that were not on the map .
and started finding more that were not on the map .
again no counter and it is not a fun feature .
i have a chinese dwarf hamster name is chip and i fill chips bowl with his food but he ends up hiding all of his food in his bedding anyways and uses his bowl with poop idk why ?
i clean it every time i put food in it should i always have his bowl filled ?
really struggling with this character thank you in advance .
i know some were posted here before but they are all old and i ca n't input them .
hey everyone i 've been creeping on the page for awhile but i 'm ready to try if myself .
a little about me i work a fast paced job which was great for my fastfood love while i was in my 20s but i 'm now hitting 33 and my poor diet choices are starting to catch up with me despite being active .
so i 'm ready to stop just seeing everyone else 's success stories and make my own so are there any tips for a newbie or anything you wish you knew when you first started ?
like maybe a food that helped keep the hunger at bay or kept you away from the drive thru anything will help out .
let me just start by saying that this is n't a grim or sad story .
this is actually kind of funny and personally comforting .
i think it 's nice to share to all who may have an aging parent or close relative that 's edging closer to end of life .
my mom is 69 and i 'm her 28-year-old daughter .
she can still easily live for another 20 years however there was an event she knows about in which she had the absolute need to buy herself a cemetery plot .
we both went out to eat somewhere and she was bringing up that she was checked out where her cemetery plot could be and start making payments .
i mentioned that it 's a depressing thought but she assured me it 's not depressing and more comforting to know this is where she will end up after she dies .
she continued by saying she had a conversation with one of her friends .
the friend 's husband passed away months before and is cremated and stored in the urn .
for some reason the family agreed to pass around the urn like shared custody .
one relative will have the urn at their house in a week or two the urn get passed to another family member and so one with many relatives .
just the whole idea that the ashes of the poor guy 's corpse always going somewhere than staying in one place .
this urn being driven around to different houses or different towns miles apart .
it 's like the guy was n't resting in piece as he should be .
this is what prompted my mom to buy herself a cemetery plot .
my two older sisters and me being the youngest of the three .
she said she does n't know what my sister 's think but she feels like this is something they might do .
she told me i 'm the most reasonable of the three .
🤣 so she trusts me to make sure she gets a proper burial after she dies .
it was such a funny and kind of sweet story for something typically grim .
then i told her about a king of the hill episode when hank hill 's dad cotton hill died and cremated and wrote that he wanted to be flushed down the toilet at some bar with his war buddies that they often go to .
our podiatrist deals with the prevention diagnosis treatment and rehabilitation of conditions affecting the foot heel ankle and related lower extremity .
we specialize in foot pain and lower limb injuries including sport-related injuries custom foot orthotics diabetic conditions heel pain bunions skin nail conditions such as ingrown toenails fungal infected toenails corns and calluses .
i 've tried f11 and alt+f4 restarted my pc restarted steam uplay tried it on my second monitor it just wo n't go fullscreen .
the last thing i did before turning off my pc for the night was upgrade my nvidia drivers to 441.87 so i just reverted back to 441.66 and it worked just fine .
first of all i 'm not a native speaker and an amateur in technical things .
maybe you could consider that in your answers too !
i also know that there is a ps forum but i want to hear reddit first .
i recently bought a used ps4 slim 500 gb .
i got at it ebay but it was not a private sale .
i bought it at a shop so there is something like warranty .
when i turned on the console fort he first time i had to set it up .
i installed my favorite game and played it for a few days .
once when i was bored i looked through the ps4 settings .
when i got to the point „storage i was confused .
i know that there are n't really 500 gb at a hard disk when it says that it has but i 'm sure that this is way to less .
i tried to google my problem but without any success .
the only thing i could find out is that hard disks consist of so-called partitions .
someone wrote that some of them can be disabled .
i fully initialised the ps4 and restored it to the default settings .
i hope someone can help me with my problem and i can prevent it from being sent back .
as the title suggests has china been up to anything new in hong kong while the world 's eye is transfixed upon recent headlines of outbreaks ?
weed has a pretty bad effect for some not all people with anxiety .
have you had an open conversation with the physician you work for or with the manager ?
unless i completely misread your post you have n't directly been threatened .
the majority of your complaint is gossip and has n't been said to you .
if an actual event you witness or personally experience occurs document it with dates times people involved and pertinent details .
i do not want to discount your feelings or opinions because it sounds like a miserable and toxic workplace but that is n't illegal .
this is a people issue yourself included and it is not going to resolve without solid management and buy-in from everyone including you .
change can be difficult especially when extremely different work cultures are combined .
do you have proof the second hand accounts being relayed to you are true and do you honestly believe the person bringing the info to you is not doing the same with them ?
out of curiosity what do you want to accomplish ?
big picture over here first off you can not factor in your tips as salary when applying for things so yeah while you get good tax free tips there is so much you can do with it .
second off you are not helping the system by tipping or tipping higher .
please i invite you to research on countries where tipping is not customary .
by tipping you are agreeing to a system that will keep your basic salaries low and make you pay what they should be paying .
you know that you can easily switch between attacking ultra att defensive ultra def and balanced in game .
so in the team you use you change the ultra attacking or another to your normal tactics .
then on the formation page you click triangle or equivalent for xbox there you can change which players go where .
save that and use the i think d pad to change your «playstyle» .
i am pretty sure it works because it works in fut
pick the license that best fit your intentions for your project .
your post has been removed because you have not set a flair .
please re-submit your post and select a valid flair from the list .
check the flairs guide here https i.imgur.com/iirbxf9.png and make sure you 're using the reddit redesign https new.reddit.com/r/photoshoprequest for desktop or the reddit app https www.reddit.com/mobile/download for mobile .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photoshoprequest if you have any questions or concerns .
new r/neoliberal/new complete guide to all r/neoliberal flair personalities a-i r/neoliberal/comments/etn4r0/complete_guide_to_all_rneoliberal_flair
replies to this comment will be removed please participate in the linked thread
i was always told that vortexing tubes can break the cells .
if i wanted to i would just plant ancient fruits outside this looks way better
you should listen to everything even if you think it 's bullshit or it 's irrelevant you 'll pick up little ways of telling when someone 's lying or telling the truth without even realising it and train your intuition just some friendly advice
it is a safe site i just paid the fee for the web address !
i get trolled if i give out the treatment and as a professional i need some medical history from you .
you do realize this is all basic biology right .
every animal does this except like bacteria and some fish
i think i have come to the conclusion of that im going to try to go off of it and if it does n't turn out well well i can just go back on it and the problem is that im doing that at the worst time in my life because im in my final year of school and i have commitments like work and i dont see how i can be off my medication for work or school
or the ep where mike wants to kiss pam and was n't into it
the citizens of crawfordsville described a violently flapping thing '' with a flaming red eye '' twenty feet long and eight feet wide .
descriptions of the creature vary with some accounts suggesting that it had no head and others describing it as having glowing red eyes and hot breath .
accounts generally agree that it is a large rectangular creature possibly eel like in appearance with several undulating fins down the sides of its body .
during a reported second appearance witnesses described the creature as writhing and squirming and producing a wheezing sound as if it were in pain .
one of the strangest accounts was when a methodist pastor named rev .
g. w. switzer and his wife also saw the animal .
the creature writhed as though in great pain squirmed in agony '' and sounded a wheezing plaintive noise '' as it hovered at 300 feet .
people who post check ride or solo picture on r/flying
man busta rhyme not looking good tonight thought he might at least put up a fight
mods please put anyone that says anything about weak hands on temporary ban lol ... so tired of seeing it here for no reason anytime anything does or does n't happen
go to amazon or google and type ancestral supplements .
i have these in binders for a specific goal of mine .
i already have these the japanese and english in psa 10 cases .
not a good idea if you are up to date with main-stream music
i think you have to go to the support area and report it for now .
i do n't think they have advertised anything or provided a refund area .
from what i hear it 's best to support before the plant needs it though .
as it notices the buds are to heavy they 're already working to support itself to not fall over .
i tried starting my support as buds started forming and had good success .
i 'm sure some strains will act differently though .
xd sorry it slipped my mind for a second .
i think he 's the actualization of what people thought about trump about not able to be bought because he 's so rich . ''
how you gon na buy a dude worth 3 billion ?
and he might be a narcissist but he 's a narcissist in the way that people hoped naively trump would be doing things that would forever cement his legacy in history .
remember the game moved from those who preregistered ob to ob for everyone although that was 11 hours ago .
mmr might have something to do with it or you 've just simply improved thus making the games feel easier .
i stopped playing when i was on a 10 game win streak and my games were feeling hoarded .
could be because of mmr or because i was tired who knows ?
its not quite the same so i nicknamed it the d280 instead of a280
maximum intensity felt by the population was light mmi iv affecting 49k people .
https earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eventpage/ci39281440/pager no one felt moderate mmi v intensity or higher .
milwaukee wi reading pa and bridgeport ct. 3 us cities with socialist leadership .
sorry u/_not_bruce_wayne – your comment has been removed for breaking rule 1
direct responses to a cmv post must challenge at least one aspect of op 's stated view however minor or ask a clarifying question .
arguments in favor of the view op is willing to change must be restricted to replies to other comments .
see the wiki page for more information http www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules wiki_rule_1 .
if you would like to appeal you must first check if your comment falls into the top level comments that are against rule 1 '' list https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/rules wiki_rule_1 review our appeals process here https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards wiki_appeal_process then message the moderators by clicking this link http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fchangemyview subject=rule+1+appeal+_not_bruce_wayne message=_not_bruce_wayne_+would+like+to+appeal+the+removal+of his/her+post https old.reddit.com/r/changemyview/comments/et9kvt/-/fffijr4 because ... within one week of this notice being posted .
please note that multiple violations will lead to a ban as explained in our moderation standards https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/modstandards .
this is true but there 's another side you 're missing .
a larger order means it takes more time to prepare .
the longer it takes to prepare the longer i 'm waiting in the lobby .
and the longer i wait the less money i 'm making .
i do n't mind waiting for a larger payout but it really hurts when i have to wait 15 to 30 minutes for an order that only has a 3 tip .
if i ever get another i 'll let you know !
the price looks ok for the sound quality they have 🤪
going beyond the wall does n't mean he 's not serving in the nights watch .
becoming a ranger an exploring beyond the wall like his uncle benjen was one of the things that drew jon to joining the nights watch .
the script for the last episode says that he was serving in the watch .
yep abuse of power '' that 's not a crime .
obstruction of congress that is allowed by law is n't a crime .
idk this thing is a mess and nancy fu**ed up big time on this imo .
you 're forgetting the single most important part ... what does it taste like ?
looking at a shot pulling is really not providing us anything to go by .
it can be helpful to look at your extraction at times if you can see obvious channeling or gushing etc but ultimately you should be adjusting by taste .
eliminate the group of girls walking extremely slowly in the halls .
this is an automated message posted to all posts in this subreddit with some basic information about the group including very importantly rules .
most people seem to not read the sidebar for information or the rules so it is now being posted under all posts .
check out our helpful links https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/helpfullinks for information on how to deal with identify theft how to get independent of your n-parents how to apply for fafsa how to identify n-parents and so much more !
this is a reminder to all participants rbn is a support group that is moderated very strictly .
please report inappropriate content so it can be reviewed by the mods .
advising anyone in this subreddit to commit suicide or referring anyone to groups that advocate this will result in an immediate ban .
narcissists are not allowed to post or comment here .
please refrain from posting uplifting '' threads https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/upliftingposts .
no content advocating violence revenge murder even in jest .
for a full list of our rules/more information click here https www.reddit.com/r/raisedbynarcissists/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/raisedbynarcissists if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'd like to see the stats on who is more willing to go it alone more 'cause my personal experience is the opposite and this gives no stats .
also the older women get the less they have the things that men want so saying that it somehow puts them in a better position is going to need some explanation .
disclaimer your technique is better than mine so if you want to interpret what follows as me compensating for something go ahead .
as of now the piece feels fast and technically better than i can evaluate accurately but same-y .
there does n't seem to be much dynamic or rhythmic contrast with the most obvious place this is apparent is that bar 10 and 20 sound very similar even though the former is forte and the latter piano .
was wondering if that was what you were going for .
so with using the 64k over the 1k i gain the ability to store more of the same item vs just alot of 64 random items
i 've read that updating the firmware of the controller reduces or eliminates lag .
edited a parent is a parent no matter what country
yes sbmm makes people rage and get annoyed some quit most just rage .
i honestly think that it should be one map i love the split they 're doing tho
where are you located hubby and i would love to meet you !
i think the perfect example of what everyone wants is at 1:04:20 .
dash does a perfect transition with saying let 's look at some action then says who to look at and you get a couple seconds to watch the play develop .
i hope the kinks get worked out so it becomes a bigger thing .
i keep falling asleep after the episode where shinji rides around on the train all day .
she could have found a far richer man if that was the case
easy access to the clit while i go balls deep 😈🤤🍆
yeah i 'm bitching about someone trash talking my favorite game i 'm just whining about clickbait articles for views .
ultimate gohan was stronger than ssj3 goku buuhan had gotenks and gohan fused in him vegito woulda demolished kid buu
this is insane to me given a few miles north of the border are regions absolutely pockmarked by glacial lakes .
scp-5189 appears to be a lamppost-type being that is usually found alongside many lone roads and old streets .
this scp is able to stay in one place for over 48 hours but usually afterwards will crawl out of the ground and look for its next victim .
scp-5189 likes chasing after cars that drive along the road but seems to prefer chasing blue cars .
after catching the car it will grab it with one of its legs and pull the car under it .
scp-5189 then proceeds to stomp the car into different shapes but usually ends up with a cube-type shape .
after this the scp will take the destroyed car back into its hole in the ground then apparently sit on it .
some scientists here at the foundation still debate on whether scp-5189 either eats the car-cube or buries it deeper into the ground and has it act as a source for food .
scp-5189 seems to be completely harmless around humans and is never aggressive against any of our staff but will attack a personnel if in a car type object while in its enclosure .
scp-5189 must be monitored at all times while running out test cars for its feeding as some call it .
it sounds like the wikipedia page for quarks but ok
not having done this before but eventually will would you always go back with drywall or should you use hardi backer behind the tile ?
in the flintstones wilma 's maiden name is slaghoople .
have not read about any calls since their debut in circa 1962 to the present asking for the name to be changed to slughoople '' or anything .
i changed the x8 damage to x6 same damage as photoboi
you work your whole life to build your small business and you have your farm there productive and bountiful .
some assholes from the city come in with machine guns and confiscate everything and imprison you because you built a business and they give your business to some other asshole to run .
he knows nothing about it so it fails all of the food you would have grown had you been there now does not exist .
but the city assholes come back and demand more so they do the same thing to your neighbor .
the cycle repeats until people are so starving they are eating the children that die .
the people you support are fundamentally evil and their ideology has created nothing but pain and suffering everywhere it was implemented .
i do have it on ps4 but my girlfriend maxed it to 150 .
i got it on my xbox and i like unlocking stuff and getting achievements .
well then all the house will have to do is do a search on biden and replace it with sanders .
maybe that 's why they scrapped at practice a few days ago
i bet it feels amazing having your willy in her mouth .
holy shit i got my first silver medal thanks stranger❤❤❤
all the places you could of placed this mirio on your body sigh all that potential wasted ...
xbox as a console is n't going to make any big splashes in japan next gen .
xcloud has a really good chance at being something amazing over there !
matilda is another option you can get millie from .
dude ... .do you not notice how many people are downvoting you ?
that would n't have helped he had a domestic transfer and came out of guangzhou .
yeah i 'm trying to keep her from looking up too much information on google and making herself stress more .
i 'm using hdhomerun connect quattro external hard drive and channels tv app on an apple tv .
the external hard drive is connected to a spare computer running channels tv server .
for 80 yr you get the channels server app and dvr service .
you can also view live and recorded shows from any tv on your network and any apple device remotely away from home .
for a 15 year old who possibly does n't have a job 400 mayaswell be 60,000 because it can take years to recover..
also kids do n't listen to reason show very little remorse but they 'll quickly learn if u smack them .
i had a cunt of a little brother he does n't respect any of my stuff but he knows to stay away .
just wan na say espn kept talking about them being down 24 9 in the first when we almost came back from 18 down in the fourth .
i 'm happy we were down 2 of our best scorers .
idk i was just playing call of duty and ding
can someone show me where on reddit islamic homophobia/sexism is being tolerated ?
everyday i see oh but homophobia is fine when muslims do it right ? !
? but i 've yet to see anyone excuse bigoted remarks because they 're from a muslim .
where is this pro islamic agenda the right thinks liberals are pushing ?
450k settlement for a wrongful arrest i suppose that is to compensate her for her impeccable image as a stripper/porn star being tarnished .
the money will go nicely with the 130k she got from trump which she denied she received then admitted later she did actually receive .
reddit is so anti trump it 's sticking up for a gold digging porn star who will quite literally do anything for money funny af .
i just had a slight breakdown about how i 'll probably never find a romantic partner and have no clue about life after college .
so i did what i usually do and i put on the chaser '' by infinite and idk why but it helps me feel less anxious .
i do n't believe i 'm misclassified because i 'm able to accept as many or few clients as i want and set my own schedule .
my choices for working in this program were either be an independent contractor working for the state or contract through a business who would handle my billing with the state and private insurers .
my employer is paid for my work by billing the clients ' private or public insurance .
i am paid by the number of units i bill per client roughly each 15 minutes spent with the client .
so my contracting company is legally able to take the full amount of payment for the last 12 units of services i provided 3 hours of work because i 'm an independent contractor ?
it still kind of seems like wage theft since it 's time i actually worked .
edit ok i researched it some more and i think i understand why it 's different because i 'm an ic .
since the contract already outlines a repercussion to breaking the contract early keeping my last paycheck i wonder if they could then still try to sue me for ending the contract early ?
i am really unwell and i have n't worked much in the past two weeks and i ca n't do another 30 days .
i am a reputation bot here is my info on u/dontgetitconfused
1 u/bigdp123 https www.reddit.com/u/bigdp123 no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/bigdp123 sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
3 u/treeknot90 https www.reddit.com/u/treeknot90 no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/treeknot90 sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0 6 yes
4 u/hmmicantthinkofaname https www.reddit.com/u/hmmicantthinkofaname 258 good https www.credo360.com/reddit/hmmicantthinkofaname 1 ratings 0 reviews no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/hmmicantthinkofaname sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
5 u/baycun https www.reddit.com/u/baycun no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/baycun sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
6 u/727slim https www.reddit.com/u/727slim no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/727slim sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0 6 yes
7 u/thanggoratatata https www.reddit.com/u/thanggoratatata no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/thanggoratatata sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
8 u/thomasg20 https www.reddit.com/u/thomasg20 no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/thomasg20 sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
9 u/nanjogumbo https www.reddit.com/u/nanjogumbo no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/nanjogumbo sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
10 u/taylorrodgers426 https www.reddit.com/u/taylorrodgers426 no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/taylorrodgers426 sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
11 u/monokumagotgains https www.reddit.com/u/monokumagotgains no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/monokumagotgains sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
12 u/lexlovelyy https www.reddit.com/u/lexlovelyy no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/lexlovelyy sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
13 u/_pursuitofhappiness https www.reddit.com/u/_pursuitofhappiness no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/_pursuitofhappiness sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
14 u/onismurai https www.reddit.com/u/onismurai no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/onismurai sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0 6 yes
15 u/chumbucketsxrtfrmula https www.reddit.com/u/chumbucketsxrtfrmula no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/chumbucketsxrtfrmula sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0 10 yes
16 u/exclusive-salmon https www.reddit.com/u/exclusive-salmon no account found create https www.credo360.com n/a no profile found create https www.reddit.com/r/slrep/submit ? selftext=true title=/u/exclusive-salmon sl network rep profile text redditor since insert cake day here 0d known impersonators list here 0d examples of my work add links here preferrably imgur links 0d skills/services insert text here 0d number of transactions completed 0
to bid on the offer reply with bid directly to the original post .
to mark a bid as paid op can reply with paid amount e.g .
to confirm payment receipt the bidder can reply with confirm directly to the paid comment .
sometimes you have to kick it up a notch for them to understand your feelings .
this time around you should think about checking her down .
and let her know how you feel ... . cuz if she 's like mine ...
i 'm sure she has no problem telling you how she 's feeling about anything you do .
and throw a ‘i 'm disappointed ' in there too .
then walk away ... your allowed to be upset too not just her .
no w but i 'm really impressed with his production .
i 'm glad to have him back in the rotation to contribute
no it looked like he 's come in with an unknown injury he was did just little bit of skills nothing else at the open training last year .
did see a story photo this week of him running laps with mcveigh on insta pretty sure tho
if i could i wish i could give you some .
for all of you saying dion should play more because of tonight do n't do it i care about you .
at some point were n't all altimas and maximas cvt ?
i seem to remember that test drove 'em did n't like it at the time .
if you are at all interested in saving this marriage you guys need couples therapy immediately .
i 'm sorry you 're going through this it sounds absolutely miserable .
ok. now just put john carlson in a nats jersey up there
well if you didnt like it sideways you might be known as notlonelyeurydice p
please read this message in its entirety before taking action .
hi there your post has been removed for one of the following reasons
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 you must phrase the question to require more of an explanation than just yes '' or no '' .
rule 3 https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_3 questions with a single correct answer that can be researched elsewhere are not allowed on askreddit .
rule 1 http www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 you must post a clear and direct question in the title .
try including question phrases like what is ... '' what are ... '' .
if you have any queries or concerns please feel free to contact the mods http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2faskreddit subject=yes/no+related+post+review+request message=my+post+was+removed automoderator+said+rule+1+or+3 please review 3a 0d 0a 0d 0ahttp 3a 2f 2fwww.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/etloqt/has_anyone_never_fallen_in_love_again_after_being .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah but one they get clear the idea is they stop but the dollies on the drive wheel and tow from the front .
the motto of starfleet is may the force be with you . ''
the first peterson podcast was november 2016 before he had a patreon
especially when you consider that rewards from premium raid pass are exactly the same as free raid pass .
damn i 'm 5 months into this myself and it is soul-crushing .
good to hear that you have some offers after 3 years ca n't imagine how i 'd keep myself together
it 's who you know and what experience you have is better than any gpa
pull out 3 pages and talk about why you optimized them what you did and the outcome that you saw .
i wrote copy built links optimized keywords and it doubled in traffic.
we have n't weirded you out nearly enough yet !
it 's usually faster when i 'm tired and slower when i 'm wide awake but it happens randomly and infrequently .
i ca n't think of a reason they would need to take your children to a doctor 's appointment .
i main healers have all tanks to 75 half of the dps to 80 and the other half to 70 .
i 'm not saying it 's wrong i 'm saying it 's unfair to those who main dps and might do a really good freakin ' job at it but the default is to commend heals and tanks if the dps did n't do anything particularly special .
i 've seen the real healxiety and the tankxiety and i experience real tankxiety myself because some people are assholes .
does n't mean that every role should n't have their own special rewards or anything .
looking at ground and spinning in my case means my controller spazzed .
if there was actual proof trump would have been blasting this out 24/7 .
instead they just keep lying to you saying that it happened even though it did not happen .
a huge part of the right-wing media '' is defining what they want you to believe about democrats and/or other people that they do n't agree with .
when my cable included the fox cable news i 'd tune in .
i was amazed at how often the people would say democrats believe this ... '' or what they want to do is ... '' and most of these claims were false .
the left wing version of this would be painting people like you as terrorists because of the abortion doctors assassinations or the clinic bombings .
would you like someone accusing you of that all the time ?
even though you may hate that other people that call themselves christians '' did these terrible crimes you are on that side so you are just as bad !
wish people like ... checked the sub before posting .
i really love hunting but i make a point to utilize as much of the animal as possible .
i dont really understand the joy in killing something for no real reason .
i enjoy eating the animals and making trophies out of their ivories or claws what have you and making clothing or rugs out of hides etc .
the truth is this meat and remainder of the carcass is going back to the local community wherever this animal was killed but i cant wrap my mind around the concept of killing without directly benefitting my family in one way or another .
i enjoy the hunt but the kill is always surreal and pretty emotional especially with big game .
i imagine the feeling is the same trophy hunting but i agree these types of out of shape low effort hunters give true outdoorsman a bad name .
i train my body and my mind for hunts long days and many many miles through wilderness .
also personally hunt almost exclusivly bow and arrow which i feel is more like hunting '' than just killing .
you know people constructed middle earth in that game right .
he 's so fine ... hottest guy on the show by far .
i see why loren wanted him to model even tho he hated it 😂😂
this submission was removed for breaking rule 9 repost .
i am a bot and this comment was made automatically however this submission was removed manually by a member of the mod team .
if you have any questions about this removal please contact the moderators through modmail .
husband and i eloped and went out to eat mexican food after .
the mexican food was delicious and we went to a bar later with arcade games and got drunk and had a blast .
husband and i do n't care about the wedding itself so this was the perfect wedding to us also our family and friends are scattered all over the world so it would 've been a huge headache .
the lady asked my husband do you his name take my name to be your lawfully wedded wife ? '' .
then she says please say yes or no sir '' and that is when i burst out laughing .
the whole situation felt ludicrous because i was marrying a guy i met on tinder 1.5 years prior and not only that but we were eloping at some random courthouse in texas .
we took an uber to the courthouse and happened to take the same uber on the way back and the uber driver was some 55 year old texan woman who was like so how was the weddin ? ?
we 're still happily married 2 years later so that 's the good news .
my family are still pissed at me that we did n't have a proper wedding .
why are you talking about something of which you have no knowledge ?
look you do n't even have to read the full article .
you can even read the abstract that 's the bit of text beneath the headline
the director of national intelligence was supposed to turn over an unclassified report on khashoggi 's death earlier this week but blew the deadline .
the trump admin is refusing to release it despite a court order to do so .
the trump admin is defying a court order to release something that 's already not even classified .
so go ahead and keep hootin ' and hollerin ' about treason '' .
you need to invite kyle to dinner in the oven .
yes i like that this sub allows reposts but there is a line between reposting content you 've never seen or have n't seen in a while and then just copying and pasting the first thing you see when you open reddit and then reposting it with a half assed title ...
in conclusion just do n't be a karma fishing turd what he did ... it 's not exactly asking for upvotes but it basically is .
it 's technically not against the rules but it 's pretty lame .
i googled mitt teen mom and then i got results lolol
é bom colocar aspas no imprecionante '' porque senāo é perigoso que esse erro de ortografia se normalize de tanto as pessoas o repetirem mesmo que no sentido de irônico .
they should do a stock split giving the illusion that is cheap again and have ppl pump it up .
you can probably call and ask without telling them who you are .
chalking evil up to satan or human kind it is all just the same .
everything came from god including what we percieve as evil .
it 's just our own fears within us that create the illusion of evil .
which is why when you become the kind of person who thinks about god all the time and keep him in your heart you lose that fear to begin with .
this is benevolence in that we do n't have to great lengths to protect ourselve from the unknown .
we do n't have to build huge walls and fight everything and everyone .
all we have to do is be one with god .
the issue joe rogan has with it is that if you wait until your 30s to transition there are permanent changes in muscles and bone structure that will not go away with hrt .
this could pose a danger to ciswoman athletes especially in mma because their opponents could suddenly be extremely stronger and therefore more capable of doing serious damage
edit rewatched a segment where he talked about the theme he definitely uses some problematic language although his overall message is that he has concerns for cis women in contact sports
you must sideload the xbox app if you want to play online .
just sideload it then launch it from the sidequest app launcher it wo n't show up in unknown sources then sign into you xbox/microsoft account .
time for the other guys to step up and hit the wide open shots when they double kemba .
this is exactly why i dont use my mic anymore lol
several possessions where two guys are standing on top of each other
lebron is far closer to kareem or even bird for that matter to jordan .
even if you have lebron at 2 it 's like the year when he came in second to dwight howard for dpoy closer to hedo türkoğlu at 16 than heard at 1
it looks like you 've posted something related to politics religion or social justice .
first please read the rules https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/rules and the faq https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/faq in their entirety .
once you have done that use this link to determine if your post was incorrectly removed https www.reddit.com/r/showerthoughts/wiki/t0q .
users who do not follow the above instructions will not receive a response .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/showerthoughts if you have any questions or concerns .
pretty sure they already did and i 'm pretty sure that was the ussr that destroyed warsaw
one of our football players broke his leg so we the band and the cheerleaders started yelling at the other team and throwing water bottles at them it was epic
since january i 've had to put two new holes in my belt so that it would hold up my pants !
the greatest quandry for a man is whether or not to kill one 's self or continue on living this absurd existence .
not interested in talking to people who steal from tourists and threaten them with violence
hey try pouring lemon juice down your crack ... it 'll heal it instantly
make the fms own up to their messed up crap !
it 's the busses fault for trying to let them walk when they had no right to .
you set up any car for failure that is pulling up and ca n't see the people crossing especially being such a big vehicle .
says a nobody that no one cares about on a platform that people care even less about .
in canada the amber alert system is permanently set at the presidential alert '' level which is the oh got we are all going to die from a nuke '' level and one time a bunch of us got a blaring alert in the middle of the night telling us that an amber alert was called off ... .so like if i hacked into it i 'd probably just change the settings to put our country on the amber alert one instead of the presidential alert one .
this will only give onision more people are stalking me fuel .
i really hope the grooming onion does n't end up snapping and hurting someone .
the child with the beard is 11 and the kid on the left is 13 .
a replacement for your web would just be another like-for-like and grabbing them same piece .
if you want something different for whatever reason that 's different .
but if you like your web tour there is no reason not to grab a 2nd one .
you really are one hell of a bug slut bitch are n't you ?
in most bmw models if i had to pick a non m variant i would pick the lowest end simplest trim/motor .
my x5m s63 is dead reliable a very strong motor .
there 's a reason a motor they developed in 2009 is still used in the 2020 flagship m car .
highest end non-m trim n63 is an absolute fucking nightmare .
i would much rather have the base model v6 35i then the higher end v8 .
i was thinking it might be the heater core .
he looks the same age as terry when he died and their is miniscule facial resemblance .
maybe if they listened more often he would n't have to yell so much lol
oddly they will not allow those who served in the royal navy to serve as beefeaters .
she is very matter-of-fact but i like her a lot .
i had a rough time with my insurance anthem and i had to jump through a bunch of hoops .
one of her receptionists angela fought nail and tooth with the insurance company to get me my surgery and i love her .
dr. waterhouse does n't do as many trans masculine people as other people in her office but she was very confident and i 'm very happy with my results .
all-in-all i paid about 1000-ish probably a little more .
i have a bad memory for all my fees .
the game has n't been easy to get until last december i think .
and if i remember correctly i think scumm did n't run it very well until recently too .
i quickly sketched them both and the egg worked better just for being recognisable so probably that but i still love the bean idea
ahem hey u/opticsplanet you gon na get around to fixing your double charging and other issues https www.reddit.com/r/gundealsfu/comments/ekvybb/negative_opticsplanet_customer_disservice_agift15 anytime soon ?
they will be in stock '' until you use them up for an upgrade .
definitely a good idea to get multiple perfect deer pelts before coming back to camp .
australia has gotten a metaphorical cactus up the arse this year
yes you cant bubble in en event unless you have 3 of the item and they are mergable items
not because i 'd be happy with his decision hell i do n't even particularly like trump .
it 's just that the alternatives are so atrocious i 'll take my chances .
irl that was a deer in the headlights moment i thought i 'd cleared the people up there ...
lmao all the active skills nowadays are transformations i thought that
if there has been one ray of hope in this long nasty imbroglio it 's the revelation that our government includes people like adam schiff hakeem jeffries val demings marie yovanovitch fiona hill bill taylor laura cooper george kent and so many more .
not just congresspeople but the real deep state '' dedicated competent principled people doing their vital jobs without needing the spotlight .
for every one we saw dragged into hearings by the president 's misconduct i hope and trust there are thousands more in service just like them .
crap i just realized i did n't give it an actual title sorry .
but if anyone could help me find this i would be super greatful
got ta admit i 've killed a lot of cashmere in the washing process i can be a little careless with dry cleaning .
a lot of wool i ca n't do unless it 's quite thin .
i tried on some plaid wool ish pants from urban outfitters that were quite comfy i have a pretty thin semi-athletic build but they still were way too skinny fit by design .
merinos t-shirts sound/look perfect i 'm sure i have some have n't paid close enough attention to fabrics until recently ...
from my experience that job would require a 4 year degree with 5 years on the job experience and offer an hourly wage of about 3 over minimum wage .
it 's good to visit there to observe socio political scene .
as an expo2020 visitor it 'll appeal to you .
haha that 's like all three category theory teaching enthusiast superstars in one lecture video .
i think i 'll take a look at this after reading through some more of bartosz 's category theory for programmers .
they were summoned by kiva thats got ta count for somethin right
for whatever reason i always woke up right at the turn to my house and i was so confused by myself
choose the quit option on the title screen to exit the gungeon .
no destiny 2 is not lasting any more than 2 more years at this point .
the five year plan vaguely referred to the franchise .
d3 has to be in development already if not some time soon .
we be nice to them if they be nice to us .
der diesjährige grimme preis geht an den journalisten der bunten/bäckerblume .
the owner worked at h h bagels started his own shop and then moved his shop from nyc to ga. black white cookies crumb cake and all .
source i was born and raised in nj whole family is from nyc/nj .
no need to apologize if everyone at your table is having fun then go ahead make the edgiest little pizza cutter that ever edged through edgington !
paladin oaths can be as diverse or traditional as you want .
in my own world the three primary oaths the phb ones are actually organizations that uphold the tenets of their oaths with actual paladins being those who ascend beyond the rank and file knights and soldiers to become avatars of the will of these organizations and their patron deities
why does the left insist on fucking itself over .
the worst part about having left beliefs is being associated with dumb cunts like this .
never trust anything that can think for itself if you ca n't see where it keeps its brain . ''
granted its from j.k. rowling but its good in this case .
i literally was just thinking about this tonight ! !
i was quite an ugly little girl and teenager due to some health issues and was bullied really badly by both boys and girls .
i wanted to be pretty more than anything in the world .
i thought that if i was to ever be considered attractive that everyone would love me and life would be fantastic and yay ! !
fast forward to my late 20 's and i finally started to be seen as attractive not a knockout by any means but definitely an upgrade from how i used to look .
unfortunately this also caused me to be bullied this time at work .
i got along great with most of the guys i worked with as well as women my age and younger but some of the older women think 40-50 years old were causing problems for me behind my back .
one of them campaigned against me being promoted to full time despite us seemingly getting along because as i later found out her boyfriend one of the managers there thought i was hot '' .
after that a few of them decided to spread a rumour that i was fucking one of the other managers i was n't .
apparently they were upset because people liked me too much '' or some bullshit .
the most unfortunate part of all of this is that i was in the midst of an abusive marriage at that point .
i got the feeling that a lot of my coworkers could tell but did n't care because i was now seen as a skank .
it took me quite a while to see that they did this stuff out of pure immature jealousy .
i remember that video he did from outside an area of computex iirc .
he seemed genuinely disappointed with shintel and this has the same kind of look to it sans the gun .
congratulations on swallowing utter lies and propaganda without ever bothering to fact check it .
oh op ... long distance is only worth it if you 100 love and trust your partner .
i realize op was cyber squatting on the domain and while i wo n't get into that as not to stir any arguments if all they were gon na do was sell the domain at a future date i personally think it is bullshit op got banned for unsuccessfully doing something oasis game 's did themselves .
and as a user of instagram this is against their terms of service .
i mainly use my ig to post pictures of my gacha draws and i am very familiar with their tos as anyone who posts copyrighted material should be .
to the majority yes but that was because he asked for compensation for the domain mostly .
if he is shady for wanting to sell a domain he had first oasis games is shady asf for selling the domain they refused to compensate him for regardless of whether it 's against tos .
we are a community and at times like this we need to stick together regardless of what has happened in someones past .
otherwise these publishers will continue to walk all over the global community .
let me play a sad song for you on the world 's smallest violin .
i 've actually been being team swapped way less than i used to .
almost every single game i played pre balance update the teams would full swap .
since the update it 's like 2-3 games before i get swapped and a lot of the time i feel like the only person getting swapped at least i see multiple former opponents on the team i was forcibly swapped to .
also i 'm aware of how people leaving works but when my server is active which it was it 's never that lopsided or they always get replaced in the first minute or two .
this went for like 4 minutes before i just decided there was no reason for me to keep playing and just closed the game .
and to top it off i joined as the last round was in the ending animation so it 's likely the quit button was used .
i 'm not saying it 's purely popcap but this was n't a problem for me till now .
sorry if i 'm toxic but why are you really proud of that .
your a normal human and is n't the point of being trans is to be a female ?
or maybe it 's a joke i do n't understand .
they could speak with only one person every million years and they 'd still get to everyone eventually .
aw hell yeah ca n't wait to see my favorite duo venkamn and egon back in action ❤️
my levis at 18k get 1-2 matches a day .
artificially bumping it at 25k was getting me 2-3 matches instead but i was losing all of them .
pretty sure you get more matches the higher you go simply by virtue of most people not being able to reach very high ps .
thinking about it and this is probably more wishlist than realistic predictions ...
gran turismo ratchet and clank some exclusive indies like housemarque 's next thing and the new bluepoint remake wishing metal gear solid ... a more realistic expectation is everyone else 's expectation of demon souls which i 'll still be pretty happy with as i 've not played it just souls games/bloodborne/sekiro .
i dunno i 've had a good feeling about those few games for a while for a while .
2021 guesses for all year horizon sequel early on in a similar slot to before bloodborne ii or a new fromsoft ip exclusive to ps5 a naughty dog game the size of lost legacy perhaps another uncharted even ?
game a readyatdawn game and maybe god of war at a push but realistically i 'm expecting the gow and spider-man sequels to be 2022 rather than 2021 .
my silliest prediction for the early life so from 2020-2023 of ps5 a bunch of really good polished and decently sized original ip games made in dreams to be released as low priced games independently on psn exclusive to ps5 of course .
nta its your body and you should n't let someone dictate what to do to it .
if you 're young and not sure if you 're done having kids i would n't even consider it .
you never know what could happen with you 're current status .
you may remarry 5 years from now with someone who wants kids .
i was awake for the whole thing and it 's not that bad dude .
he is n't losing the hrh title the compromise is he 's keeping it but not using it according to the queen 's statement
the base plate middle bit has a scalloped or groved safety bar on both sides which should point upwards towards the top cap .
it 's a mistake that 's sometimes made but does n't look obvious but will result in a terrible shave .
it looks like this may be a question that has been asked and answered here before .
it can be hard to find the right search terms so here are some hits we 've found for you .
do bisexual or gay people sometimes fantasize sleeping with themselves ?
do homosexuals ever have the urge to have sex with themselves ?
do attractive homosexuals ever get turned on by their own bodys ?
can homosexual people get sexually excited by looking at their own private area ?
please also check our list of faq https www.reddit.com/r/nostupidquestions/wiki/index/faq and see if this helps answer the question you 're curious about .
if you still ca n't find what you 're looking for send us a note by clicking here message/compose ? to=/r/nostupidquestions subject=post removal message=i am requesting reinstating r/nostupidquestions/comments/etocoz/gay_men_of_this_subreddit_can_you_wank_it_off_to .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nostupidquestions if you have any questions or concerns .
i think atleast ben was in that episode and possibly the other interns maybe jackson .
someone who has watched it could answer that question better .
but yeah i think it was a pretty lame attempt at getting people to watch station 19 that has n't left most people too happy
your image has been removed because it is too small .
image submissions to this subreddit must be larger than 330px*330px .
if you have any questions about this removal please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fdankmemes subject=about my removed post message=i 'm writing to you about the following post insert link here .
0d 0di 've read the rules in the sidebar .
resubmitting a removed post without prior moderator approval can result in a ban .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
if your post is a template put it somewhere else !
all memes that need captions must have the caption in the image not the title .
if you have any questions you can message the mod team here https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes replies to this removal comment may not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
i fuck it up all the time too because of the car brand
and yet i ca n't be bothered to pick it up anymore
your entire comment sums up my thoughts on the game but this bit in particular is what bums me out about the game .
which is a shame because i routinely get the urge to fire up the other 3d zelda games but really only have botw on the switch .
the flowers are a nice touch to his personality .
did n't look back but the 3rd girlfriend was being abused by her mom for her inability to speak .
actually everything other than cars and planes are overpriced as in these are pretty much the only 2 things in gta that are similar price to real life
i 'm lazy an introvert have depression probably and anxiety shall i continue ?
wow sounds great man make sure to post a pic if it turns out well .
because the fetishization of actresses feet in tarantino 's movies isnt about artistic expression it 's just focusing on a part of his actresses that he is sexually attracted to .
he does it for his own indulgence and it always comes off really awkwardly in his movies .
a tournament each 20th year to increase lifespan by a good 15 years .
by good i mean you get the closer or stay longer in your peak age .
reason for 5 is because everyone should die eventually .
is this a pilonidal cyst i really need help i diagnosing this .
i do n't really much problem sitting it is painful after i press it .
i noticed it couple of days ago it is near my tailbone .
i have been researching for a couple of days now and watching this sub .
i am interested in building a 60 keyboard and i like clicky '' switches .
i guess i just need to be pointed in the right direction maybe some locations of parts i can look at .
i 'm just wondering how much space is typical or if anyone else has gone about their plan with a little bit of empty in their tray ?
here 's a pic https imgur.com/a/jh6qrpu of my bottom teeth and if you zoom you can see a little bit of space that unfilled .
ive already spent about 30 minutes filing and trying the top row on so i 'm taking a breather no matter what but should i file the bottom down too ?
rn it does n't hurt at all but i wonder if filing it will fill the space up .
when you have the strength effect your physical damage is increased as shown by how much damage you deal .
if you become so much stronger why ca n't you throw eggs snowballs or ender pearls further ?
this would make strength potions useful for situations where you need to throw an ender pearl further .
or do we keep upgrading it week by week until its maxed ?
paypal mail has been launched for fulfilling requirement of checking the mails through any device .
it has made easy for the users to access the account from even a simple computer .
with this mail account you can simply sign-in in your account by putting the email address and the password .
once you sign in you can check the activity of your mail account .
you can compose read the incoming mail and also download the large file attachments .
majority of people has been registered with paypal premium email account because it is completely different from other mail accounts with number of favorable qualities available in it .
it is currently considered as one of the leading webmail application that has got the remarkable reputation among the users and it 's effectual paypal email customer support is always available for those users who generally face issues while handling accounts .
to update them the customer carenical team attends sessions which over different parts require for the effective support .
why contact paypal 24/7 support number 1+/888+/742+/oo83 being a part of yahoo and at t services it offers a easy handling mailing option but there are also many customer carenical glitches occurs with users that you may face as well .
for these issues you can contact customer carenical support to get help and you can find plenty of them in the internet .
customer carenical support is available 24x7 so that you can contact them according to your convenience .
paypal enterprise email account troubleshooting sources paypal password not workingnew account sign up assistancecontrolling spam junk and phishing mailsconfigure mail account intovariousmailingservicesanddissues in sending/receiving mail
let 's have some discussion on the paypal premium mail issues solved by the team of paypal online phone support 1+/888+/742+/oo83
enter the name and password and now manual setup should be selected
do the change in the incoming server box so that it will display pop.mail
go and now you should click on outgoing server settings
go and do the selection of edit for outgoing server settings that will show smtp.mail
you can access to the page where you would be assign with display/account names
emails would come in few minutes so you should wait
if the process is taking too long to execute then you can contact paypal internet support
first you should go to the page of yahoo as you know that paypal online account has been merged with yahoo
tap on the icon of mail that is at the upper right side of the screen
do the log in process with your paypal email address and password or you can select the button by selecting the forget password
when your sign in process complete yahoo account info should be selected
once entering the email address and password you would get directed to the password reset page
set your password and save the changes made by you
during this process if your internet connection becomes slow then contact the paypal wifi customer servicepaypal email customer service 1+/888+/742+/oo83
the error that generally comes while handling the account needs to remove any time stretch so that none of the bugs can affect the email account further .
the customer service has been designed and introduced to give immediate relief to the users .
if you are one of the users who currently facing the bugs then you can trust the customer service team of paypal .
the support team is ready to be your companion .
i 've looked around and have been unable to find anything .
i 'm going to be taking my license test soon i 'm 20 have proof of address and identity i 've been taking practice test after practice test after practice test i 've passed all of them and i understand the rules of the road but as a last chance measurement just to make sure i was wondering if anyone who recently took their tests could possibly give me any tips anything the practice tests might not cover that i would need to know .
thank you all for your advice i appreciate you all !
i really do n't wan na play the story all the way again just to try a new character .
i ran umi ui and looked it very cool but was n't able to do too much with it without running into bugs .
with cloud chamber studios being announced i started thinking and came up with the question where will the next bioshock be ?
i mean we 've had under the sea and above the sky the possibilities are like limitless .
personally i hope it 's like in the artic and instead of plasmids or vigors they use pills but that 's just my idea .
where do you guys think the bioshock could be set and what do you think could change ?
so i graduated in december scheduled to take my nclex next month but do n't want to be a nurse .
yes i want to be in healthcare i have always wanted to be but i never want to be in control of someone 's life and whether they live or die .
i know it 's normal not to want someone to die because of you but i literally want anything else than to be anywhere near a possible situation where someone tanks on me or something like that .
i have felt like clinical nursing was n't for me for a while but was n't sure if it was just nerves or not so i kept going .
now i have graduated and the only reason i can think to be a nurse would be for the money and stability and those are the wrong reasons to be a nurse .
i want to be there for people help them just not in ways that the typical nurse does .
i enjoy teaching about holistic approaches and how your nutrition is related to your health not opposed to medications .
even so much as providing people with the resources they did n't know they had available to them food stamps discounts financial aid etc .
i hace always wanted to help people i was just raised to think you had to be a doctor or a nurse to do so .
no one in my family has ever gone to college so everything was completely on me for the first time .
so basically i just do n't know what to do .
i was hoping to use my basics i took early on and maybe use them to get another degree but i 'm not even sure where to go there .
yes just like u see in the title i ca n't take it anymore i need motivation cuz at this point i feel like quitting but i 'm not trying to quit plz i beg u fapstronaut to help me out and give me motivation ... ...
where in canada can i get two side skirts for my 2010 honda civic coupe for 200 300 painted ?
my wife and i are going to be in holbox mid-march and we are sceptical about travelling to cancun on the day we fly out .
how realistic is it to think we can easily make it to the airport by 3:00pm flight departs at 5:40pm ?
i am one of those that 's rooting for kimura even aoki got some love already but for some odd reason kimura never catches a break so ... would n't it be awesome for kimura to find his inner strength and become a monster ? !
getting a win out of nowhere and actually starting a winning path for him ?
hell maybe even inspiring ippo to grow a spine and accept he wants to get back ?
knowing vince™ he probably offer kobe tons of money to come in and be the new leader of the new day .
but kobe did n't want to be part of sports entertainment and marketed outside of le demo so he turned him down .
hello kitty is a perpetual 3rd grader who lives outside of london and is made by sanrio .
in typical aries fashion i want to know about myself .
i have an aquarius sun a taurus moon and an aries rising .
just wanted to see what people think of this combo how this person would act or if you know anyone with it
i just barely remember a few lyrics who controls the insane . ''
i think esham may even be on the track with icp ?
the whole song is about who takes over the brain when we lose our sanity .
sup guys so i saw this weird kreuger skin today .
it was navy with almost shiny blue accents that seemed like they were glowing .
i know it was n't my shaders or anything cause this a few others in the chat kept asking him how he got the skin .
obviously he did n't respond else i would n't be asking here
so has anyone else seen it/know what it is ?
i think the guy 's name was doomsy or something of the like
after getting slightly fed up of packing nothing but dross from my rewards lets have a little game of my crap results .
what do people think i will get from my packs in the remainder of fifa 20 ?
background completely average fifa player hovering between div 4 and 6 last patch hit me hard and w.l finishes between silver 2 and gold 2 dependent on time .
will complete all easy sbcs but very few potm or higher rated around 1 per month .
my wife and i are both 40f and happily married .
we are very different in personality so it took as a while to learn to get each other and sometimes we still struggle in certain areas—that 's why i thought i 'd get some feedback on this .
my wife struggles a lot with her body image and has been seeing a therapist over it .
she also has unhealthy thoughts about food that we thankfully recognized before they could develop into a full-blown eating disorder .
one thing she has gotten interested in is doing a boudoir photoshoot which is essentially an erotic photoshoot taken by a professional photographer at a studio .
she believes that seeing her body in a positive light would be a way to help her gain self-confidence .
i want to be supportive of her and of course i also love the idea of my wife taking sexy photos .
i said that she should look into getting a photoshoot done .
this was several months ago and it was never brought up again so i just assumed she decided not to go through with it .
today i learned that she actually did go through with it two weeks ago it took a while to book a session i guess and that she did n't tell me because she wanted it to be a surprise .
she gave me a little sneak peek of one of the digital photos she took .
it looked incredible and she was really happy by my reaction .
then she said i was really worried about the cost but seeing your face like that makes it all worth it.
so i asked how much it cost ... and found out that the shoot alone cost 2000 .
the photo album she ordered cost an additional 899 meaning she paid almost 3000 for this .
we have a joint account that we use for shared expenses but we also have separate credit cards so she paid for this using her credit card .
we 're not poor while 3000 is a lot of money it does n't mean we 're not gon na be able to pay our expenses this month or that she dipped significantly into our savings to pay for this .
but it 's still a huge chunk of money and we do have two kids to support—including one in college—so obviously i 'd prefer to discuss large expenses beforehand 1000 .
i guess it just has never been brought up explicitly because aside from family vacations neither of us has ever splurged this way before .
after knowing how much the full thing cost it was kind of hard for me to find the photo sexy so i told her so .
i did n't mean for it to hurt her i just thought it was a violation of trust to spend 3000 on something without letting your spouse know .
but with her body image issues i guess she interpreted it as a rejection and stormed out in tears .
i know she is struggling with mental health issues and i wan na fix this but i also think she should 've known to not just spend a huge chunk of money as a surprise .
proposed to haley on summer 25th because i figured we get married in the morning and at night we 'll celebrate the dance of the moonlight jellies totally misleading name as there is no dancing .
i wake up on the 28th and no wedding happens .
haley still stood next to me on the dock but our wedding was n't official until fall 1 .
i wanted a summer wedding and an easy-to-remember anniversary .
so getting shogun 2 but is fall of the samurai a different title ?
just trying to understand whats going on with the content ?
pretty much just wanting to purchase everything for sho gun 2 but also wanting to understand how it works .
this is 1 of several mods that i 've downloaded so that the civil war quest line would be more entertaining and more immersive due to its lack of content in vanilla .
before downloading it i read many reviews and many were negative .
a significant handful of them said that the questline would not be able to be completed .
well today i completed that questline with open civil war ocw in full effect and even have open cities skyrim ocs enabled as well .
i didnt really noticed any bugs in the questline at all the vanilla quests that are used to capture holds becomes irrelevant if you use the war map to do so dont really understand how the war map works honestly and cant find any info on it so if someone has a tutorial for it that would be awesome you can claim these holds out of the vanilla order and complete those quests before they even begin .
the final hold is where it became a different story whiterun also had this issue since i had ocs and those hold conquests have a change to the entirety of those cities it immediately seemed as though the questline indeed would not be accomplished .
i tried fast traveling to different locations entering different locations etc .
however i then needed to wait 24 in game to try and get the khajits might have spelled that wrong to appear when i got a quest marker update for whiterun to begin the raid i chose stormcloaks this playthrough will be going through again as imperial to see if it can be done for them as well .
those same issue arose when i was to start my raid on solitude however i immediately tried the wait 24 hours and it worked .
you dont really get to listen to the final speech because of the infinite hoards of imperials but the questline can be completed and then you simply need to exit solitude and wait another 24 hours and everything returns to normal .
ocs and ocw didnt really seem to conflict with those 2 exceptions however the 24 hour wait seems to override ocs with the questline cities so you will have to manually enter those cities during those raids but ocs returns to normal after the 24 hour wait once you exit .
overall i would say the mod does what it says it will do and delivers a much more full immersive playthrough for the civil war questline .
however the overall battle to get to the final hold was long and sometimes tedious and at times can be extremely difficult to get claim of all holds with the exception of the final hold to even be able to start the battle for the final hold .
the enemy faction will also commonly attack you on sight not city guards also could have been part of one of the other civil war mods i have and not to mention the awesome city battles that you take part in to take control of each hold or to defend from the opposing factions attack .
i would highly recommend this mod for those looking for a more immersive playthrough .
how do i make aragon my junior partner as castile ?
lastly how do i prevent coalitions from being formed against me
i 'm looking to rp where you would play as my dream girl !
i like to play as myself in the rps shy nerdy virgin with a small cock !
i enjoy doing dates in the rp for a fun buildup but also with tons of smut !
i 'll drool over you reveal over and over my deep crush for you so you 'll feel welcomed to please me !
would also like to focus on lots of smut with a small buildup !
kinks eye contact femdom cum encouragement dirty talk sloppy blowjobs size teasing cuck moaning as you suck !
i am 18 and all participants and characters must be 18
please do n't just message me hey or 1 words will be ignored
so when i was watching black mirror i skipped the white christmas episode because i hate christmas related movies and episodes in show .
now i feel like i have to watch it because it seems like its a very crucial episode in the world of black mirror .
or can i get away with not watching it ?
update i watched it and you all were right .
i apologize that it 's from the record and may be paywalled .
i 've tried looking up solutions but i ca n't find anything similar enough to be helpful .
i 'm not getting error messages or being taken back to the title screen .
netflix will simply start stuttering and stop completely and i 'll have to take it back 10 seconds but then everything works normally .
i have no idea what could be causing this it 's happening on every single episode of every single show i watch .
i guess in the grand scheme of things it 's nothing more than a minor inconvenience but i 've been dealing with it for a while and i 'm getting really tired of having to stop what i 'm doing just to finish my story .
if i leave it the screen will stay paused where it is and the audio wo n't continue either .
if anyone could give me an idea of what 's causing this you will have my undying gratitude .
sorry for the big text i tried to make it short but english is not my first language its really late and im a bit stressed rn
hi im a teen and ive always liked girls since i was little and it made me really think i was bi but recently ive been thinking about it and i think i may be a lesbian ?
being attracted to girls feels nice and is so so easy for me ... i find every girl beautiful in their own way and i always picture myself with a girlfriend or a wife as an adult .
but with boys its so hard ... i could never imagine having a husband !
i see dating men as something manageable but very uncomfortable for me .
i dont think i could ever kiss a boy without it being awkward and stressing .
as a kid i dont think i had crushes on boys although some months ago i was boycrazy '' i guess althought looking back i didnt fantasize about a bf i only wanted the validation from it !
that doesnt happen when i think about having a gf ...
i have a boyfriend rn which im not really attracted to ?
and i will break up with if/when i im 100 sure im a lesbian !
mainly because he likes me and my friends thought we made a good pair so i said yes.but to be honest i think hes just a friend .
the texts he sent me made me feel happy but i think its just because i enjoy the validation and i wanted to feel needed .
obviously i didnt realize that earlier and i thought i was crushing on him but i dont think i am hes just a friend to me ...
i dont think i could ever kiss him or any boy and holding his hand made me feel very nervous in a unlike when i holded hands with a girl that liked me which felt made me nervous but it was also nice .
i think with boys i misunderstood my stress with crush and need for validation for actual atraction ...
this has all lead me to believe that i may not be bi and may be a lesbian especially since reading the lesbian master doc i didnt conect with evrything but i related to the big majority of it ... .
i never questioned if i even liked boys and that is why i identified as bi when i realized that ive always liked girls but now i dont know ... .. learning that i may not like boys feels scary and it feels like im somehow failling my parents and society in general im an only child and yes i know its dumb ...
i actually like the idea of being a lesbian only dating women feels wonderful and stressfree and amazing ... but its all so confusing.. not liking men makes me scared but deep down i dont want to like or date men and the thought of liking dudes makes me unhappy .
lesbians of reddit is this what comphet feels like ?
i know theres no rush to find out and labels arent needed all the time but i like labels a lot because they assure me when im insecure and i want to be sure about myself thats why im making this post in the first place because im confused and want some help figuring things out
i still have the discount code 'consolegray ' for the gray cases https keyboardbelle.com/discount/consolegray
orders this week should ship out around the first half of february some of the cases are pre-printed so it all depends on the colors ordered .
if you decide to add a video posted in these comments to the wiki page please leave a reply to the person 's comment saying you 've done so .
winner advances to face fiction in losers top 8 loser gets 9th .
anyone know if any mesh systems out let you group and limit bandwidth to specific devices ?
or allows you to have 2 networks with one being limited ?
i have google wifi currently and speeds and performance have been pretty good but i just want more control .
i want to be able to do more than prioritize '' a single device for a specific window of time
has any one have any experience with a sailor constantly putting in complaints ?
it 's been a total of 5 cmeo complaints with 6 months
5 out of 5 complaints have been proven to be lies
can any one offer advice how to deal with such a sailor
i 've been dating this guy for 2 years .
we are friends with benefits and he told me that he 's not in love with me but he always does things that give me the impressions that it 's more than that such as when we sleep together he cuddles and holds me in his arms he 's kissing my forehead in a romantic way we 're holding hands in public etc .
he does many cute small things that just a boyfriend would do and it makes me so confused .
i 'm afraid to talk to him about that because maybe he will stop doing those things and get distant .
wondering if anyone can fill me in on this general lack of understanding about edibles .
for example i 've tried a certain brand and they seem to have a particular effect/feeling and felt different from another high i had with a different brand at a similar dose .
i 'm not sure if this is my imagination or if something i do n't understand would explain this .
thank you thank you to anyone who lends some insight !
you want the warmth of another human being but not the work that comes with it.
how small could the 6502 be with modern transistors ?
and had me on the back of a motorcycle then crashed in the side of loco-motive
with rap i 'm loco it 's like handing a psycho a loaded handgun
but waned for the game your enthusiasm it has n't
a jedi in training colossal brain and thoughts are entertainin '
but docile and impossible to explain and i 'm also vain and
probably find a way to complain about a picasso painting
full of such blind rage i need a seein ' eye dog
ca n't even find the page i was writing this rhyme on
oh it 's on the ram page could n't see what i wrote i write small
it says ever since i drove a '79 lincoln with whitewall had a fire in my heart
and a dire desire to aspire to die hard ''
so as long as i 'm on the clock punching this time card
do n't got time do n't care do n't have two shits to give
let me take you by the hand to promised land
'cause there 's no rhyme or no reason for nothing
has he taken any time to show you what you need to live ?
he would n't have ended up in these rhymes on my pad
i would n't be so mad my attitude would n't be so bad
example of what happens when the power of the rhyme
makes you want to get up and start dancin '
laughing all the way to the bank lamping in my k-mart mansion
with a pile in my cart ripping the aisle apart but
the king of nonsense and controversy is on a beat killing spree
your honor i must plead guilty cause i sparked a revolution
of rap to take it to the next level boost it
hip-hop is the devil 's music '' does that mean it belongs to me ?
'cause i just happen to be a white honky devil with two horns
that do n't honk but every time i speak you hear a beep
but lyrically i never hear a peep not even a whisper
rappers better stay clear of me bitch cause it 's the .
it 's the time of the season when hate runs high
and this time i wo n't give it to you easy
when i take back what 's mine with pleasured hands
'cause there 's no rhyme or no reason for nothing
has he taken any time to show you what you need to live ?
but i bet we would n't probably get one block
without me knocking your block off this is all your fault
maybe that 's why i 'm so bananas i a-ppealed to all those walks
maybe that 's what dad and son talks are like
now they 're ripping out their fucking hair again it 's hysterical
the sign of my hustle says do n't knock the door 's broken it wo n't lock
kryptonite to a hypocrite zip your lip if you dish it but ca n't take it
too busy getting stoned in your glass house to kick rocks
mr. mathers as advertised on the flyers so spread the word
cause i 'm promoting my passion until i 'm passed out
so bitch shoot me a look it better be a blank stare
i 'm angrier than all eight other reindeer put together with chief keef
and quit trying look for a fucking reason for it that ai n't there
this time i 'm predicting this one will go emerald
the only message that i have to send is dad
r would love to get a togepi do n't care about ivs too much since i plan on breeding .
i thought i had enough dope to get thru til i get paid tuesday .
woke up this morning to find my ex fiance had stolen almost all of my stash .
i 'm starting to feel what i had left wearing off and i have never been so mad in all my goddamn life .
i swear to god if i get thru the next 3 days and work it will be a miracle .
just not feeling great about life at all right now y'all .
i have got to find a way to get back on subs .
i just never can afford to go to the doc .
i was so sad when i went to put it on and it fell right off haha .
i learned a lot about tpu so was n't a total loss haha .
i even catch my friends doing it to themselves .
when they are having issues and i ask them why they did n't tell me .
they say it 's because i have it so much worse .
that means if they are having issues they should especially talk to me ! ! !
any mental illness of any caliber is tough to go through .
although i did onetime do that to this one girl .
well i 'm depressed ! and i said oh you 're depressed ?
i have mdd gad ocd bulimia bd and bpd. do n't ever try to pull that card on me lmao .
it was n't a nice thing to do but i hate that shit .
ryzen 3000 ca n't be oc 'd much and personally i think it 's not worth it .
you 'd need an aftermarket cooler and then you 'd get like 1-3 more performance out of it .
the ram can be oc 'd and that 's where most gains are from .
meanwhile my bank boa did n't care to notice the 800 charge on my card and when i went to order a new card i have to pay 5 then they do n't send it at all for two weeks .
but the new card had the same numbers as the original and when i called up the lady was even confused about it and sent me a second replacement
they suck at sending cards too because it 's not the first time i 've had to order a new card from them
the only times i 've had exes reach out they were mentally unwell and would n't take no for an answer .
i prefer exes to stay that way out of my life .
i wish this included data on what percent of people have done each activity in the past year instead of or along with average number of times .
based on my circle of acquaintances a large percentage of adults do n't use the library at all but the people who use it multiple times a month pull up the average .
if you go to mytaxform.com your username will be the last 4 digits of your euid and the last 4 of your social .
i just do n't see us spending big on a te .
i think we 'll be fine going into 2020 with jace bob and marcedes .
take the money we save on graham and spend it at other positions of need .
the players who know about revenant files being in the game are likely in the extreme minority .
have yen call him baka then have a scene where geralt masturbates over a female comatose body .
only potato is the correct way to pronounce it .
i used hooktube so i did n't give her views .
if you are getting frustrated with it i suggest just waiting until they update it not really much you can do otherwise
so i guess a tactical nuke would also have been appropriate based on such an assessment .
definitely keeping mind that alot can be deduced from simply show run '' or show ip protocols '' .
also know your way around troubleshooting eigrp and ospf .
be careful with ribbon cables dont force em sometimes the connectors have to be lifted .
as long as its powered off youll be fine .
our llmd said the buhner protocol is sound and works .
he endorsed it if we would n't be able to afford the antibiotics shots my husband needed
he goes out at the 6 minute mark to get extra rest w tv timeout usually
i have a marlin 1894cb in 357 and love it .
hmm i 'm not sure it might be conflicting with moonlight tales i have growl '' installed and it was having issues at first so i moved it below moonlight and it worked .
i 've never heard of sarcosanct '' and i hate to ask the obvious question but did you check if those 3 mods are compatable ?
and every ocean drake from any team is 10 trees
i do n't see why a trans person has on that basis alone any more obligation to call out radical trans activists than anyone else does .
the mere fact of being trans does n't commit one to or necessarily associate one with any particular ideology .
for many people the personal is not the political .
anteeksi haluisiko joku kertoa mikä tässä on se vitsi ?
i hear ya but so would 700 bucks and a 6th ring .
your call but i say let it ride bud i think we 're gon na fucking win
i have full faith in all his shots going in recently .
they need to roll out some beverages then it 'll bounce back
they already did since the 3rd q and you should 've known if you scrolled down and read 8917489374 comments saying the same thing as you
i do n't think stipe wants to risk potentially losing his vision by fighting dc .
english men in the 1600s were on average about 5'5 '' and women were on average 5 feet tall .
no kid would hold their dads hand even as a teenager
great stabilizer for a handgun can pump out 33 rounds in 1 groupings at 20 yards in less than 10 seconds .
it 's also just cool looking and fun to shoot .
while there 's a light thunderstorm laying in my cozy bed with my window slightly open
we have issue with mold in that room as well .
well i do n't think it 's worth investing in a dehumidifier tbh since i 'm an international student here and i 've decided to move back to sweden at the end of may .
was just thinking if someone had any ideas or quick fixes .
i wont have the same problem when i move since i had rabbits indoors growing up in sweden so it 's only a temporary problem right now🙂 .
it 's a trump supporter that ca n't even afford a 40 game so he asks his fake subs to buy it lmfao pathetic and you 're racist lol https imgur.com/tuiwkmy https imgur.com/tuiwkmy and i see you 're a pedophile talking about f\*\*\*\*\*g little girls .
but that 's what happens in australia and it 's much cheaper .
in australia it 's single payer and costs are much lower and we pay less tax for it .
how his two massive balls do n't have their own gravitational pull is beyond me
i wish config files were n't written in json like webpack and cloudformation .
do n't forget to send him to china to be eaten .
your description of his behavior sounds like the beginnings of alzheimer 's or dementia .
i say this because of experience with family members not as a medical professional .
if this behavior is new he needs medical attention .
if he 's always been such a horrible person nothing you do will win his approval or make him happy .
you might as well just do what makes you happy and realize that the way he treats you probably wo n't change for the worse or better .
he 's just a miserable pile of a human even though he did manage to raise such an admirable son .
i say this also because of experience with family members .
if you are visiting r/tattoos for the first time or visiting from r/all please be aware of all of the rules in the sidebar and stickied threads before posting .
common issues that will get you banned are any comments on personal appearance any discussion about pricing of any kind aftercare/medical advice or questions and trolling .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tattoos if you have any questions or concerns .
we have beds that weigh you in our er .
we 'll move them to the room that needs it .
meanwhile the service cat is in the background knocking glasses over ...
cat lover too just seems like it 's a dog loving crowd here
i 'm pretty lucky to have done this process i got to watch a bunch of movies i would have ignored but enough of the people whose taste i trust listed some movies pretty highly .
i gave a bunch of them a try and some even cracked my original top 10 .
under the silver lake and a bunch of other movies got screwed with a 2018 imdb list but full release in 2019 so they were in this limbo where nobody had seen or voted on them for the previous top 10 .
then when people were making their top 10s they would just see them as a 2018 release .
it 's thanks to the persistence of u/ymir_from_venus that i changed my mind and had me check out a few of these 2019 full releases .
spontaneous bodily movements are nothing but the movements guided by the soul itself they usually occur when one completely allows the soul to move in any direction without any resistance whatsoever .
this in general symbolises that the being is in complete natural flow !
focus on your life and being a good person .
oh thank god im not the only one who thinks he sounds soooo different 1x vs 2x 😂
you 're fairly right lol you 're probably picking up on my aquarius vibes 🙂
yes cause sometimes u pull a dwight howard in a double and chuck it to the stands without it
i 'm pretty sure they anticipated that the 2nd amendment guys would have strung these guys up on lamp posts by now .
i do n't think they expected that a bunch of gun-toting maniacs would have joined with the usurpers .
most anyone put in this situation will play it right though .
if someone does happen to ruin it as long as they did n't come across as a perv and the girl actually likes them then she will forgive the guy lol .
if you 're going to quote quote in full with context .
let 's not copy the playbook of reactionaries by quoting sound bites to demonise progressives .
in this day and age the establishment of any nation state would cause conflict .
he has also since stated that he regretted his comments .
what i 've gotten from your two responses is yes he can do it but i do n't like him so he must be impeached
fair but in general it 's the reverse of all the valves we 're used to ...
will the superbowl mvp be from offense defense or special could see this going to either mahomes kittle or bosa
we 're talking about playoffs and even then the bucks still have more wins against them
unfortunately your submission has been removed as your account is too new and is unable to participate in our subreddit r/monsterhunterworld .
please participate in other subreddits for at least five days before making a new submission on r/monsterhunterworld .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/monsterhunterworld if you have any questions or concerns .
i 'm fairly new to seattle so i 'm not familiar with the history .
any historic references i can look at on this ?
there is no way no fuckin way that is a backcourt
this can manifest as the table not being able to load correctly on the peer which means the connection times out and resets .
if you are running default timers this looks like a drop every 3 minutes .
90 seconds if you have them set to 30 second hellos with three missed .
this is fixed by correcting the mtus on both sides to match and making sure the tunnel can reassemble the fragments nicely .
i see this all the time in mpls networks .
idk what my worst ever is but i was 17-5 this week .
last year i had a week where i started 9-3 and finished silver 1 so i 'm guessing somewhere in that there was a pretty bad streak lol .
it is n't about being a strong person or many strong ass people would n't be suffering with you in their attempts to get sober .
automod the following is a copy of the above post .
this comment is a record of the above post as it was originally written in case the post is deleted or edited .
read this https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq wiki_post_deletion before contacting the mod team https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2famitheasshole
my wife and i are both 40f and happily married .
we are very different in personality so it took as a while to learn to get each other and sometimes we still struggle in certain areas—that 's why i thought i 'd get some feedback on this .
my wife struggles a lot with her body image and has been seeing a therapist over it .
she also has an unhealthy thoughts about food that we thankfully recognized before they could develop into a full-blown eating disorder .
one thing she has gotten interested in is doing a boudoir photoshoot which is essentially an erotic photoshoot taken by a professional photographer at a studio .
she believes that seeing her body in a positive light would be a way to help her gain self-confidence .
i want to be supportive of her and of course i also love the idea of my wife taking sexy photos .
i said that she should look into getting a photoshoot done .
this was several months ago and it was never brought up again so i just assumed she decided not to go through with it .
today i learned that she actually did go through with it two weeks ago it took a while to book a session i guess and that she did n't tell me because she wanted it to be a surprise .
she gave me a little sneak peek of one of the digital photos she took .
it looked incredible and she was really happy by my reaction .
then she said i was really worried about the cost but seeing your face like that makes it all worth it.
so i asked how much it cost ... and found out that the shoot alone cost 2000 .
the photo album she ordered cost an additional 899 meaning she paid almost 3000 for this .
we have a joint account that we use for shared expenses but we also have separate credit cards so she paid for this using her credit card .
we 're not poor while 3000 is a lot of money it does n't mean we 're not gon na be able to pay our expenses this month or that she dipped significantly into our savings to pay for this .
but it 's still a huge chunk of money and we do have two kids to support—including one in college—so obviously i 'd prefer to discuss large expenses beforehand .
i guess it just has never been brought up explicitly because aside from family vacations neither of us has ever splurged this way before .
after knowing how much the full thing cost it was kind of hard for me to find the photo sexy so i told her so .
i did n't mean for it to hurt her i just thought it was a violation of trust to spend 3000 on something without letting your spouse know .
but with her body image issues i guess she interpreted it as a rejection and stormed out .
i know she is struggling with mental health issues and i wan na fix this but i also think she should 've known to not just spend a huge chunk of money as a surprise .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
my anxiety is bad i sweat a lot my breathing seems messed up and sometimes i ca n't get the words to talk .
i ca n't go to the store because i am anxious to look t he cashier in the eye .
i got my bachelors degree two years ago i was so neevous going back to college .
i never ever thought i could go back but i did .
you have to believe that you will get better despite the evidence
the scammer i 've had one so far i dealt with had a picture of a man and name formatted that way .
edit the bots also play their move immediately after you do .
why the fuck does the guy hold back the guy that just got hit ?
he should have held back the guy doing the hitting .
this post violates rule 5 we do not allow posts which concern violent encounters .
this includes violence against other individuals sexual assault rape physical abuse animal abuse felony damaging of property violent threats any other violent encounter not yet mentioned and accusations of such violence that may or may not be true .
please be sure to read any sub 's rules before reposting this elsewhere .
we can not direct you to another subreddit we can only say that this post does not belong here .
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole subject=/r/amitheasshole message=please+link+to+post+or+comment+for+context we can not review+without+this+info 0d 0ddescribe+your+question+in+detail if you have any questions or concerns that are not already answered in our faq https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq .
do not repost this without contacting the mods for approval .
if you make changes or edits to this post do not repost it here without our express permission .
i think they replaced the boards over the summer with the latest renovation .
but yea i 'd prefer the scuffed up boards .
try that if that is n't the correct base just swap it but play with adding different combos for fossils till you find what you prefer .
i still swear i can see a vvvvfl ... how does it look to you in person ?
he has had like at most 3 good games all season long .
he was amazing against psg and valencia but for 80 of game he has been really shit .
christ disney what 's next are you going to make an animated version of the remakes
bideo games '' has been a phrase here and in places such as r/shitredditsays for longer than that shithole has been a subreddit
this all star game is going to be terrible unless the players start trying harder .
i 'm not sure about that ... my players absolutely hate it when an enemy escapes and i could totally see one of my players spending their action each turn to cut a dragon 's movement by two-thirds in order for the other players to be able to get 2 or 3 more rounds of combat before the dragon gets away .
edit nevermind i just reread the spell and saw the requirement that the target is medium or smaller .
he 's not here to be a sweaty nerd he 's playing games with his son .
i want a neopixel eventually they seem very awesome for spinning/cosplay .
the abuse i 've put my us through nearly bending the heavy grade blades at some points would completely destroy the internals of a neopixel .
the amount of times i 've dropped my saber or had it knocked from my hand mid duel and the absolute bashing it 's taken over nearly 5 years of ownership and countless duels has caused me to adore in hilt leds
just start openly watching bbc porn and he 'll understand where you 're coming from .
is it just me or maybe just maybe the virus will not be as deadly in tropical climate ?
in the chinese hemisphere now is 3 degrees the temperature that for people with flu or pneumonia will have a hard time recovering .
not so sure about the status of the infected here now so far they have not died yet .
you 're over-extruding print a single wall test line width the same as your nozzle diameter then check actual wall thickness and adjust extrusion multiplier or esteps to correct .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/cleavage if you have any questions or concerns .
i wonder if this is enough for republicans or if they will just call this fake news too .
its funny because nearly every single republican agrees that nixon was a crook .
and yet what trump did was easily 10-15 times worse and theres 10-15 times more evidence against trump and yet republicans still think its a witch hunt .
im truly amazed just how far people are willing to go for trump .
they are willing to literally ignore actual reality and evidence for the word of donald trump .
geoff has done more for dc than snyder ever will
i 'd have to say friend wise someone who is themself no matter the situation .
as to other people anyone i am not friends with is an evil stranger intending to drag me out of my dark safe corner .
we also ca n't read minds so there is absolutely no way for us to tell you whether this is an issue for the specific women you have met .
definitely iris van herpen is always ahead of the curve !
this collection was very aquatic-inspired one of the dresses literally looked like a lionfish .
the first thing i thought of was mcqueen s/s 2010 .
actually you are wrong and uneducated by the sound of it .
i can play all night so i 'd advise you not to respond as to keep from proving me right .
our starting lineup is only wings and bigs and we have thybule to take jrichs defensive responsibilities if needed
i think it 's because everyone is auburn ca n't keep their mouth shut because they 're excited to be somewhat relevant ?
not an answer bucko you really need to change ur flair to authright or a more appropriate flair would be unflaired cause you 're an absolute fucking retard .
i 've done a newgame fw and a newgame fw over a year ago .
i beat it last night and am almost done with a first fw play on this save .
since i have n't played in a long time i do n't remember a lot .
very good point hamlin and busch were awful and only made something happen in the chase .
kenseth had a very decent season and the average shows it but the runner-up curse took hold by giving no wins i guess .
i would just wrap my hand around your throat and take you hard while whiispering dirty things in your ear while biting it .
i write comics and that includes scene description and sfx when scripting .
i called for fap fap fap '' as a joke to the designer of the book knowing he 'd change it but he was n't familiar with it and googled it to the expected results .
it 's a race to get them out the door so there 's no clean up .
i do n't actually see the problem with this measurement .
it 's a us statistic so a us measurement system makes sense .
also the purpose is to show the amount and i 'd at least assume a lot of americans know roughly what an acre is to understand the purpose .
would you rather read the meme measurement of football fields 75 and 3/4 american football fields or 56.8 soccer pitches or a smaller american unit 4356000 square feet or 484000 square yards or a nonamerican measurement 40.67 hectares or 404686 square meters or an even dumber measurement of about 14,000 12in round pizzas .
also holy crap that 's about 12,000 square feet 1115 square meters of pizza per day .
a regular 12 in round pizza is 3 square feet .
heck yeah bro nice to see good people can make it !
i can see that because my son loves having his diaper changed .
he is happy whenever i take it off and gets almost angry when i put it on lol
maybe because i was hard up until that time came .
unless i was just hard for too long and could n't keep it up any longer ?
i 'm sure you 'll get through it though .
one of the best bands in the scene right now
there 's a very useful program named fragmotion that allows you to import and export models and animations from vast types from .objs to even .b3d which is what scp cb uses .
who the hell shit talks a position coach after a win ?
good post but unfortunately it has been removed because it has already been posted recently
i 'm a bot so if i was wrong reply to me and a moderator will check it .
me too bro they are so fire and so fucking comfortable 🔥🔥
sure but it 's never appropriate for the polling company to be giving the respondent any information .
if she told him this what else does she think is okay to tell other people ?
look at the discussions around the precise wording of questions in referendums it 's very easy to influence people even if you do n't think you are doing it .
her training should be cast iron do not ever give any information follow the script always .
new hampshire is the libertarian capital of the country and have an open primary .
because those are two completely different sets of advice .
last month i hit 105 a couple days after the season began and only dropped out of top 1000 mythic around christmas time .
never dropped below 97.5 despite literally only playing the first week of the season .
pace runs a sweep to the side gaining 7 yard s 2nd and 3 !
https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20gainrunpositive message 7bteam 7d 20runs 20a 20sweep 20to 20the 20side 2c 20gaining 20 7byards 7d 20yard 28s 29 2c 20 7bdown 7d 20and 20 7byardsleft 7d
it 's 2nd and 3 on the bloomsburg 42 .
got ta get that mental health too which for me at least partially comes with free time
too generic all four sides believe in a better world their side can create .
hell even centrists think we 're already living it and do n't want us to fuck it up ''
on your first point there 's been a bit of up and down with that .
campaign in poetry and govern in prose as they say .
if we can think back to 2017 and even late 2016 post-election trump really did simmer down a lot just after the election .
but he 's been so persistently attacked by the media yes he is not wrong in saying that they have treated him worse than any other american president he has been forced to take a more aggressive posture in his own defense .
so 2018-9 saw him ratchet back to campaign mode .
ladies and gentlemen the ninth wonder of the world the back side of mountain !
i can understand some examples but stuff like actor 's death scene where he 's killed by a martian death ray is hard to watch after his death by cancer in 2014 '' just irritates me .
you agree that flat pen is better vs people who have less mr why are you arguing the opposite too ?
i saw you leveled you epic dinos sino pachy to lvl 16 which is generally just wasting dna .
you need those on lvl 15 to fuse hybrids and then if you keep levelling them unnecessarily you will lack plety of dna for further hybrid fuses .
i did this for sino when i started the game and now i wish i did n't do it because i always need the dna now .
it always helps to have people we love beside us when we have to do difficult things in life. fr
blessings to you for being beside your brother as he walks through this difficult time .
and i hope that we all can walk beside you on this journey .
we 'll try to feed the fish while you are gone .
these women are jaded every woman wants to have a companion .
they have so much hurt and insecurity in their experiences that they ca n't get over that they have this philosophy that marriage is n't for them .
it is n't for everyone but they all want to find a life partner
and the man you 're trying to swindle pulls out his gun
for whatever privacy reasons i do n't like to post my peakbagger account on reddit though .
i also do n't have much time to read .
i 'm getting into audiobooks from librivox and guttenberg .
throw your recommendations at me if it 's a free audiobook .
why vote for someone who stands no chance of winning ?
they played newcastle and drew so there 's a replay .
they also have the football league trophy and the league cup which they reached the quarter finals of .
and i never said the fans wanted less football .
i implied that the manager and the squad may be unwilling to have so many games because it either thins the squad or reduces focus on their overall goals .
if they focus their efforts completely on the league they could probably get into the playoffs and get promoted .
do n't misconstrue what i said by saying it 's just ‘one extra game ' .
it represents a lot of extra games if they eke out draws against bigger sides .
... as in your first time having sex ever ?
my therapist told me based on the details i told her .
this has been a poor wl standard wise as well everyone is playing hr instead from what i 've seen
if you say massive two shits fast enough who 's gon na correct that glory ?
i nominate you lucy sui and vagabond to be co-spiritual-minders of the sub going forward .
as this continues on i 'm afraid to say taking in afghani refugees may have been a huge mistake .
i found out what 's wrong i had to change out all the spark plus coils .
also had to change o2 valve and fuel filter .
did n't think i was getting into a little project but it 's running great for 20 years old
the list is incomplete without the young indiana jones '' prequels .
i unironically have no idea what the fuck an acre is
would you swap any of that for a friction trail
not likely that he will step in horse droppings indoors .
some needs to do an updated version of busta rhyme 's woo-hah i got you all in check .
i never liked dr. phil i fact i wish someone would shoot him in the head .
but i also can not stand behind the other guy either .
i think the biggest problem apart from that generic one is definitely overthinking simple stuff and imagining various complex factors and trying to account for them which leads me to ask help from mayhap a lead senior or friend who 's experienced it and his advice on the matter and if i 'd need to worry about these things and work off his answer and i might repeat this multiple times for different things to simply understand what is a thing to worry about and what is n't .
like this ai n't a backdrop thought it 's full-blown anxiety and i ca n't function or do what i need to while going through it .
i was just pointing out their i got mine fuck yours '' attitude
it 'll bring the house prices down and employment rates up .
you sure he does n't just drink a lot of water/tea/coffee ?
he might have a health problem but it 's far more likely he 's just drinking lots or has a small bladder .
unless he 's pissing blood 9 times a day of course .
it 's not terrible to stretch the limits every once in a while though for something that everyone agrees to .
for example a character of mine once convinced an adult dragon who had never been to the sea to go check out the nearest beach rather than fight the party .
edit also we once had a player in one of our campaigns who wanted to be a part of the party but also wanted their character to act like they did n't want to be there and keep trying to leave .
the only way to get her to stay in the party was to charm her away from each town she found herself in .
it got really tiring after a while constantly having to force her to be a part of the game but she was okay with it the whole time and actually preferred it that way .
awee someone is vewy angwy today did someone spill their spaghettios on their bib ?
i 'd like the franchise to pass to someone who has a little faith and a willingness to provide at least a half decent budget .
if he got thrown to the water would he die ?
if your parents are toxic pieces of shit who only hold you back do n't feel forced to care just because they are your parents .
dewalt usually has the best bang for the buck .
milwaukee will have some tools that slightly edge out dewalt in their specs but they throw a lot of useless tech into their tools that inflate the cost needlessly .
the red gang is very vocal here and will probably be the most recommended but do your own independent research .
the announcers said that maybe the contact was accedental .
that would 've been a goal if he did n't trip him .
so why the fuck does it matter if it was intentional or not ?
if i accidentally kill someone i still go to fucking jail .
thts what i have been using but it 's time consuming downloading individual songs .
just was curious to see if there was a sub reddit or site that i could get pre chopped packs or packs with a large library of songs in it already to make things easier .
plus it 's interesting hearing other people taste of music .
43 of all people born prior to 1800 died before the age of 5
actually if the wording was the same as in the title it was no living being can raise undead '' .
if the official lore on liches is anything to go by the ritual to reach lichdom involves consuming a deadly brew that instantly kills the aspiring lich .
after his death the caster 's body becomes animated via necromantic powers technically no living being raised him he lived then died then became undead but he was n't living when that last part of the ritual kicked in .
of course that 's playing on the wording but hey is n't that what all wishes are ?
as an extrovert i can understand this tendency and i certainly do n't think there 's anything really wrong with it .
i suppose i 'd appreciate it though if my friend found some way to directly or indirectly communicate this to me .
that way i know that they really still love me but want to be left alone for some time .
and i 'll be waiting for the day they 're ready to hit me up and hang out that feeling is honestly the best feeling ever as an extrovert .
so never feel afraid to hit up your friends after not seeing them for a long time you 'll have no idea how much it means to them and how much they 've missed you
how dare they be willing to vote against trump should they get a good enough candidate ?
2.859,22 dollars here in turkey sadly that\`s way out of my price range
despite popular thought satan does n't have sovereignty over hell and how folks will experience it .
the god of creation has dominion over it and controls who goes there .
and i 'm nowhere near qualified to be god so ...
facial recognition systems are the epitome of an orwellian state .
sorry but we needed to remove your submission https old.reddit.com/r/undertale/comments/eu3cct for the following reason
feel free to message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/undertale subject=question regarding the removal of this submission by u/itcgmn message=i have a question about the removal of this submission .
i like how i play with it and it is ok when i play csgo scrims .
but when i do hour long aimbot/deathmatch run without stopping my thumb hurts and need to take a break .
i just tried the endgames xm1 and lowed it .
can you imagine not having to add wood to the fire all the time and not having to chop wood .
on the one hand i know gacha 's are a disease on the mobile game world that needs to be purged .
on the other hand i freaking love alternate universes https twitter.com/yametetomete/status/1221308513718284288
i have made over 1mill cr since keys switched to cr .
hi mate removed because it falls into the 'generic ' category and we try to keep the content here as high quality as possible .
for all of us please think twice before posting .
look at my breakfast '' is n't tea nice '' and i love a sausage roll '' are not interesting posts .
try to be a little more engaging with the community to keep the quality of content here as high as possible .
if you have any questions feel free to shoot us a modmail .
they will laugh at it because they have no choice .
they do n't want to make their fans sad or disappointed .
you would n't know because you accept everything in life without question .
you need to learn to be more selective with how people treat you .
either way it 's gon na be a different kind of extinction .
until today i had gone almost two years with my only exposure to the kirk being shrunken face edits on r/toiletpaperusa .
but now i 've heard his voice and i feel like a part of me has died .
normally interior walls are framed with 2x4 but they 're actually 3 and a half inches wide .
both sides are covered in drywall so you 're adding half an inch each .
so normally you 're looking at 4 and a half inches .
could be a bit more if you put up some paneling instead but drywall is more common .
so someone put up a sign with an unfortunate missing apostrophe road open to blacks only . ''
probably because the impeachment is about preserving the integrity of our electoral process not because the democrats have an ax to grind with trump
that 's crazy you would never know this but my first born son who died at four months birthday was yesterday ! ! !
it 's not that no one would be nominated at all but that no one would decisively be the nominee through the normal primary voting process before the convention rolls around .
not like i left my house before so it does n't make a change
maybe i 'm misreading what you wrote but i want to point out that performing anesthesia is not benign and absolutely can cause the death of a patient .
even a simple '' procedure like a cystocentesis can cause harm or death if the person performing the procedure does n't know what they are doing or does n't understand the risks .
eg accidentally hitting the caudal vena cava poking a p with a coagulopathy or a blocked cat etc .
yes even if an lvt performs those tasks and something goes catastrophically wrong it still falls on the dvm 's license but your mention of not doing anything to cause an animal to die '' prompted me to write this .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fitgirls if you have any questions or concerns .
what a miss/save ... holy shit.isak should finish that one..great control of the ball though but great save by reina
let our helos rest for a while before he joins the battlefield ... nice coloring btw
need someone to add that cartoon running away sound effect
this boy is starting his bullying career off with adults .
love watching the guys face when the bike takes off .
if you think this gif fits r/bettereveryloop upvote this comment .
if you 're not sure leave it to others to decide .
not all jews were murdered in camps a lot were murdered by mobile killing squads and also by the wehrmacht
the nazis had a plan for the soviet civilians generalplan ost and the hunger plan
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ihadastroke if you have any questions or concerns .
your mum 's gon na be too scared to diddle you if your duel wielding these things ...
but it 's super awesome to see some non-festival dates perhaps a sign of more to come ...
it 'd be more accurate if it was jj abrams and chris terrio aside from rise of skywalker the canon has been far more consistent than legends ever was despite some issues along the way .
at least canon since 2014 is actually canon and not in canon tiers '' or not really canon because george lucas considered what he does his universe and whatever was going on in books and comics and video games an offshoot a different universe .
lucas never had to work with adhere to or work around whatever legends/eu did though legends/eu writers/creators did their best to adhere work with and around whatever lucas did .
this post was automatically flagged for moderator review due to your low account karma and will not show up on the index until it is reviewed .
a moderator should review this post allow it on the index and remove this message within 15 minutes .
if it 's not please do n't hesitate to contact a moderator of r/swtor for assistance .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/swtor if you have any questions or concerns .
wether or not you can provide enough things '' for her is ultimately up to her .
californians have a reputation for moving out of california because of all the stupid rules and then trying to get their new local community to adopt the same stupid rules that made them leave in the first place .
wow yes she is pretty incredible who is she ?
for those interested in learning ionian or want to see what it looks like you can access the first chapter of the ionian textbook which can be found here https docs.google.com/document/d/1eza6gtdiu7gj7myv7c619vmnsgxczlorur1e7g5wbmq/edit ? folder=10ghn2byoma1fqshawxwswepj4j0ckymh !
any questions can be asked here or on our discord .
i was watching an athlean x video and i learnt that the burpee can burn 12-13 calories per minute whereas jumping rope can burn around 15 calories per minute .
truth is when i jump rope for a minute straight i 'm hardly breaking a sweat it 's a leisurely breeze for me to jump rope for a minute .
but when i perform burpees for around a minute i 'm absolutely busted and exhausted .
so does being out of breath and panting correspond to burning more calories ?
at skillsire https www.skillsire.com candidates can rely on our vast experience and connections with hiring managers to find the best match possible thus saving valuable time .
cobalt is sold asking 150 for acrobat black cirrus now
i wanted to buy an item from a company us that does n't ship to canada .
does anyone know or have experience using companies that can ship the items into canada ?
i do n't want to cross the border to pick up the package .
react native gesture handler is a common issue that almost every developer faces while developing a website application using react native .
it offers native-driven gesture management application programming interface to develop the striking and user-engaging touch based experience in react native module .
it 's actually a type of library in which gestures are not controlled or managed by the javascript responder system but as a substitute are acknowledged and tracked in the user interface thread .
this assists in making the touch interaction and gesture tracking smooth dependable and deterministic too .
besides there are declarative application programming interface that assists in showing platform native touch as well as gesture system to react native .
read below the steps to reproduce react native gesture handler
here you need to run npm setup and click install save react/navigation .
· install and use react native tools on vscode .
· run react-native link react-native-gesture-handler tried it with and without this command
· run on simulator or on phone expo app and you will get this error .
you need to create application container like this and follow the above steps to resolve module react native gesture handler .
however many times when you try this coding practice and clear cache delete node\_modules run npm install again you get the similar error that unable to resolve module
this error only occurs when you fail to fix the issue of createnavigationcontainer
i 'm not necessarily talking about the groups like the greens or the smaller local level parties such as in ni wales etc .
more that the two major parties seem to have so many factions within them that simply can not work together that i can not understand why these groups do n't form their own separate parties .
perfect examples currently would be the erg within the conservative party and also the momentum group within labour .
both sub-parties seem to be so extreme and opposed to the more moderate aspects of the bigger operation it begs the question why remain part of them ?
why not break off and work as your own party with free reign over your position and manifesto etc ?
my view is that if nothing else this latest year in politics has shown that events on this island nation are too complex to be jammed into a simple two party system .
there are simply too many different groups that are always unwilling to cooperate and oppose their supposed colleagues that to try and stick everything into two categories simply is n't working .
smaller parties would allow better representation of the views of the population too i 'd imagine .
looking for anyone who has experience good or bad of being a guardian to a breeding dog .
throwaway so i do n't dox myself i 'm 18 and a us citizen my girlfriend is 19 and a canadian citizen .
she had been here since july of last year on an f1 visa but after money became too tight she had to move back to canada .
we had been considering marriage for a while but i was wondering if it was possible .
i 'm in a occupation training program until the end of the year so no income beyond a 400 dollar a monthly stipend .
we lived with my parents and i still do to save money from the program loan .
is it possible get her approved for a k1 or greencard if i have no income currently or assets and live with my parents ?
i know they like proper weddings too but we ca n't afford that we hope to do a court marriage and do a proper wedding later with a renewal of vows .
any advice on if its possible to marry is greatly appreciated .
i want to consult am immigration attorney but want to know if its remotely possible before spending money .
shikai is among the most experienced botanical skin care and hair care brands on the market .
although cbd is hugely popular right now shikai took their time to formulate their cbd lotion and cream options to ensure you 'll get the most out of all the botanical ingredients .
shikai 's cbd lotion is the perfect addition to your skin care routine .
my record is 4 months or so ... no more than 5 months .
i 'm scared of the next days being hard ... but i think i can do it .
i 've been self harming since summer 2011 so me being self harm free from the longest time in 9 years would be ...
i do n't know how i 'll feel ... but it will be one of the best things that i 've done for me .
basically my executive dysfunction is a fuckin nightmare for keeping my space clean .
the biggest victim of that has always been my closet area .
in the apartment i live in i have a sweet walk in closet for the first time in years .
was super stoked about it at first then within a month it turned into a sin bin as the chaos gods claimed me .
it 's only been getting progressively worse over the last few months .
i 've been trying more sativa heavy hybrids and strains recently because as much as i love indicas i 'm a useless blob when i smoke them .
yes i know that there 's no actual evidence that indicas and sativas are different but i definitely do feel a difference when i smoke them even if it 's a placebo effect .
while high on a particularly sativa heavy bowl i finally felt inspired enough to clean and reorganize my closet .
it only took a couple of hours to get it done and i feel so accomplished for having done it .
i feel so good and successful and chill and r e l a x e d. i love that trees got me into a productive mood and i love basking in that did the thing '' glow .
and now i get to carry this energy into my work week where i 'll be working my final 40 hours as a customer service rep .
everytime i get into a game with a lucian senna or a senna thresh i want to see special interactions new abilities or power ups that wouldnt occur otherwise .
riot needs to take into account lore for the gameplay more otherwise more and more people like myself will eventually quit the game .
the game 's recent patch has introduced a large amount of issues for the game including 100 cpu utilization for sustained or permanent periods leading to game or system instantly and/or a hard lock .
the survey also includes options to voice opinions on hacking out of region players and general stability among other things .
i hope that everybody here has given them feedback because the game is actually in the worst technical state that it 's been in in a very long time .
tldr survey in game let 's you voice opinions on stability cheating and other issues .
please give feedback so we can make the game better .
please begin all reviews with a letter grade on a scale of a through f with a being highly recommended and f being abandon all hope.
things to include in your review use as many as you can
did you buy directly from the brand or from another retailer ?
did you have any delays in shipping payment issues etc .
personal details your own or those of any company employees .
brand owner controversy please see our rules regarding controversial brands in the sidebar .
please do not submit reviews for any brands or products that you have not personally tried .
i had this song come up on my discover weekly that really caught my attention did n't save it .
it most talks about a bar that the narrator either frequents or owns .
phoenix one bangalore west http phoenixonebangalorewest.biz an unrestrained lead adventure by shapoorji pallonji real estate in central bengaluru 's binnypet neighborhood close rajaji nagar .
one of the greatest lavishness private exercises in bengaluru parkwest is spread across 46 segments of place that is known for development in the center of the city .
the endeavor is igbc affirmed for holding quick to green structure principles .
arranged homebuyers can investigate unrestrained 2 and 3 bhk living plans planned to locate an agreement between rich living spaces and extravagant completed outside .
clubhouse called club uno which is set up to-use and offers top level accommodations for instance the pool practice focus table tennis guest rooms bistro and squash court .
various merriments join tennis court b-ball court amphitheater high effect practice zone spa salon library and youngsters play zone .
the excess endeavor is purposely arranged in central bengaluru and is as such proximate to neighborhoods like chickpet lalbagh cunningham road chamrajpet richmond majestic and okalipuram among others .
parkwest is an excess gated organize cased in extravagant greenery and offers acutely orchestrated residences found close to each piece of city life in bengaluru .
feel free to advertise your club or request a club to contact you .
david reigned for forty years seven years and six months in hebron over judah and thirty-three years in jerusalem over all israel and judah . ''
— 2 samuel 5:4-5 https www.biblegateway.com/passage ? version=nabre interface=print search=2 20samuel 205:4-5
david took his kingship to a higher level when he moved from hebron to jerusalem .
he was told that it was impossible to reach that level but he did the impossible 2 sm 5:6-7 https www.biblegateway.com/passage ? version=nabre interface=print search=2 20sm 205:6-7 .
then he grew steadily more powerful for the lord of hosts was with him '' 2 sm 5:10 https www.biblegateway.com/passage ? version=nabre interface=print search=2 20sm 205:10 .
the lord wants to take your good marriage and turn it into a great one .
just pray with your spouse for a great marriage and watch the lord do a miracle .
you 've chosen to be single for the lord and you serve the lord with love and enthusiasm .
now the lord is calling you to cross over into a new dimension of community life and ministry .
you 're retired by the world 's standards but the lord is ready to move you into the major ministry of your life .
you 've done a good job of raising your children .
yet now you can disciple your children for the lord .
come up higher cross the threshold enter a new dimension .
do n't let the good keep you from the best .
leave the security of hebron for the challenges of jerusalem .
prayer father may i leave behind not only the bad but also the good so as to follow you .
promise '' i have found david my servant with my holy oil i have anointed him that my hand may be always with him and that my arm may make him strong . ''
— ps 89:21-22 https www.biblegateway.com/passage ? version=nabre interface=print search=ps 2089:21-22 praise st. angela gathered a group of lay women to teach girls to be good and holy women wives and mothers .
sanjary kids are the best playschool http www.sanjarykids.com preschool in hyderabad india .
start your playschool preschool in hyderabad with sanjary kids .
sanjary kids provide programs like playgroup nursery junior kg senior kg and teacher training program .
hello i run a retail optician shop in dubai selling prescription eyewear sunglasses and contact lenses .
i need help solving a specific business use case .
the fact is most of my revenue is through tourists from african countries i think they are the upper-class people primarily speaking french .
they visit dubai primarily for shopping for a couple of weeks .
all of them are walk-in customers who contribute greatly to my revenue 80 .
i have tried digital marketing google adwords but it failed to make any impact .
i have been collecting email addresses and phone numbers to plan sms marketing .
i would really love some suggestions on how to increase this footfall what kind of offers i can roll out should i contact marketing agencies that can help read a particular book ?
so i got to see my religious side of the family this saturday after 7 years .
one of my younger cousins and i started talking about games and it evolved into religion .
me yea i like minish cap and i play a bit of classic pokemon .
c dad doesnt let us play pokemon because of this video https youtu.be/7gf1qn-kzbm
m ah i know that video i learned the guy who created pokemon was instead inspired by bug collecting to make the games but it 's ok to have different opinions .
as we talked i noticed his dad inching an ear into our conversation and he did n't look to happy .
i brought up budism and how it teaches that doing good deeds without rewards gives you good karma and good things happen in your life more often and i compaired it to love thy neighbor '' and other christian values i thought sounded similar in budism and i said its ok to have different beliefs and many core religions share similar positive values .
at that point the dad stopped our conversation and said
cd hey c i want you to go sit over here with me ...
cd walked off while flashing a weird glance at me .
c i think he did n't like what we were talking about ...
me it 's ok i usually expect that kind of reaction from various people especialy stricter adults .
it 's ok if he wants to have his family follow certain rules while i follow different ones in my life .
remember it 's not wrong to be different as long as what you do doesnt harm others or yourself .
so i set my filter to go home after a drop off far from home .
i get a pick up for someone going my way and went to pick up .
i waited and wax 30 seconds from leaving when the doorman came to tell me she was coming .
girl jumps in and says go go go ! great .
things calm down and she talks and had a very strong odor of alcohol .
then she 's on the phone with some guy result is she is going to go see him .
she asks me if i can take her to a new destination off the app she never tried to change in app either too drunk or wants no record of it .
it 's 30 miles away so no i did n't even suggest an in app change .
i said i had a scheduled ride after her drop off .
then anything you want which i guess was sexual .
i 'm married same sex so that was less than tempting .
but i was most bothered by the fact she kept telling the person she would drive the long drive to him even with him telling her he 'd pick her up .
i dropped her off at a hotel and told her to get a new uber .
at that point i was done three star fully commenting in case something came of it .
mostly if she got a dui or in an accident and tried to say i should have done as she said .
i thought about calling the police if she got in her car but that would involve stalking to a degree so no .
im getting super bloaty and gassy from it and i 'm wondering if i should continue with it or what ?
edit im also experiencing skin flush and rash shortly after taking it .
also it 's not just milk thisle its a liver support called opti liv extra https shop.optimumhealthvitamins.com/opti-liv-extra-w-ala-selenium .
wondering if anything else in this mix is causing it .
oh man ever since i heard is n't it love ?
from the su movie it has been stuck in my head !
this song in my opinion is the perfect embodiment of how it feels to be in love .
it really resonated with me and this design was the first thing to pop forth from such a strong impact !
i reached out to two super duper amazing people who love su just as much as i do and together we were able to translate my idea into a beautiful enamel pin and sticker idea !
sae is a self-taught 23 year old artist from the big apple !
sae drew the line art design for this pin according to my design request !
they can mainly be found on furaffinity http www.furaffinity.net/user/gavinners !
velloria is a self-taught 25 y/o canada-based artist who was happy and excited to work on this project !
she can be found on instagram https www.instagram.com/velloriaa and twitter https twitter.com/velloriaa primarily and does a mix of commission fan art and original works !
you should definitely check them both out as without their skills i would not have been able to translate this idea into an item loved by all three of us and we hope you love it just as much as we do !
in between goon sessions here so i wanted to get some off the wall gooning ideas from everyone .
hit me with your opinions that you are n't sure most people are in agreement with .
i 'll go first porn trailers are better than the full feature .
they are cut to show the best parts of the scenes and if you collect enough of them it 's like a never ending pmv
edit when i say recoverable i mean a science container with a parachute .
it 's the end of the semester so a teacher work day .
for those of you that have school i am sorry and i will be here on reddit for you
the email i got a few days ago says it takes place in new hall west but the one i got just now says it 's a phone interview
hey guys i recently got a pretty amazing deal for a storm 2 table and i have been slowly replacing things like broken men .
i noticed that the bearings on the inside are chipped .
i want to replace them but i need to know if these from foosgear would work .
just switched from osb to runelite and for the life of me i ca n't find the plugin for farming patch trackers .
the kid 's parents were n't there and so he decided to put on his rain coat and take a little boat and try to find them .
i ca n't remember when it was released or if it was a tv show or a movie but i remember it being cartoon ish possibly anime ?
the kid kind of looked like caillou a little and i remember one vivid part where he 's heading towards/exiting a tunnel and finds other people ?
i 'm looking for a dj cally set from around 1996 maybe 95 i cant even remeber the mc but just after the opening it worked itself in to the cancan does anyone have any ideas ?
have pms running on my macbook and i regularly use my apple tv and the plex app on my sony tv all work fine since switching routers but my other lg tv plex app keeps stating server unavailable this server is offline or unreachable .
my blood has a rare immunity to all forms of cancer and they 've been paid to drain me completely of it ...
i 've been poking around this dating game for a while and find that it 's a tad difficult when you 're looking for something both genuine and kinky so after a hiatus i wanted to give this another try .
forgive me for updating/re-hashing an older post if you check my post history and feel free to ask any questions if you feel any detail is lacking .
as the title states i 'm looking for something genuine .
that used to mean to me that i was looking for something absolutely long term but now i 'm more going with the flow .
i 'd still prefer long term but no pressure on any of that .
i 'm kinda over the whole dating just to date '' thing .
i 'm 5'10 '' 28 white though race does n't matter to me and generally laid back .
as like many people on reddit i 'm a nerd .
i enjoy reading gaming currently playing temtem netflixing last binged bojack horseman and i also enjoy boating kayaking hiking and mountain cabins .
i 'm a thinker and i enjoy a spirited debate but take no joy in actual arguments .
i try to view everything through the lens of compassion but i 'm also quite the sarcastic smart-ass .
a bit of a paradox of course but i think everyone is to an extent .
though they 're not required by any means and i 'm not trying to dive into bed immediately i think sharing in these interests are good in the long run .
to that end i 'm pretty much a chameleon .
i do n't have a ton of experience being a sub but i have some mild experience and would love more .
i 'm used to being more dom and i do enjoy that as well .
either way i can definitely switch as needed/desired and i 'm happy trying a variety of new things .
so if you 're looking for an open minded guy i 'm your man .
as for what i 'm looking for i 'm not looking for perfection again just genuine .
i 'm simply looking for someone i 'm compatible with physical intellectually and emotionally ... and preferably somewhat nearby
physically i 'm not in superb shape and have a few extra pounds i 'm trying to lose but neither am i terribly large .
i do n't expect a partner to be light-pole thin .
that being said i do think attraction is important and i do think it 's important to be in reasonable shape just for the sake of health reasons if nothing else .
i do n't expect an olympic athlete of course just healthy .
beyond that if you 're on here i imagine we already have one interest in common .
i would just hope for a fun kinky partner with a matching high drive to mine .
not saying i 'm looking to hop into bed on day one ...
but i 'm aware of the subreddit i 'm posting on .
intellectually i 'm not one to think of myself as superbly intelligent nor do i go in for arrogance .
here i 'm just looking for someone who enjoys good conversation does n't mind rambling to me about things she enjoys or listening to me ramble about things i enjoy is honest and who believes in open communication .
just ... be able to hold a conversation really .
i just think this like everything else in a relationship should be a partnership .
i 'll leave this off here for now because it really is one of those down the road '' kinda conversations but feel free to ask more if you 'd like .
i just think conversations are more interesting when you get to the meat of them .
hobbies and likes are great but i 'm far more interested in who people are than what they like if that makes sense ...
i also think it 's worth noting that while i 'd prefer agenuine long term relationship i 'm not interested in having children .
so i 'd prefer someone who also is and wants to be child-free or at least someone who is fine with the idea .
i 'll be honest i 'm not holding out high hopes here .
but still if you 're interested please send me a message .
i do n't check this account too frequently but i 'll respond when possible .
and if you see this a little down the line and want to send a message ... give it a shot .
i do n't know how often i 'll check this account beyond the next week or so but i 'm known to log in from time to time .
what are some ideas on ways to repurpose a sp4 m3 4gb ram and 128gb ssd ?
i got the relaxation pretty much down i think ... it 's just getting to the weightlessness that 's tough .
i read before that to separate you have to actually move '' your body it 's not just about imagining floating upwards or your arm detaching .
there was one time it felt like my mind detached as i tried to imagine myself in my mind without a body it caused my mind to shake but my heart rate sped up and i snapped out of it .
i do n't know if that was me getting close or just some weird mental effect .
also do you guys have any suggestions for relaxing music to listen to while attempting an obe ?
i often listen to guided meditations but sometimes prefer to just try it my own way and calming music helps a lot .
i 'm still a skeptic as far as whether or not obes are actually possible but it wo n't keep me from trying .
looking for a long lasting and good quality psu .
which one between these two would you guys recommend ?
so what does stop isis to help virus to spread ?
please excuse me if ive done posting wrongly this is my first post on reddit
so i know draven has no runes but as of right now what runes do you guys use ?
can someone tell what kind of materials and how many of them i need for upgrading weapon enchantments for each level ?
kobe was unquestionably a great basketball player seemed to be a good father etc .
but there 's also the whole rape allegation which he was n't really acquitted of .
how should we talk about people like this after they pass ?
it feels weird that we 're just ignoring the rape allegations .
i 've been working on my application all day today and everything was going smoothly .
every document i uploaded was approved within an hour of submitting it .
however as soon as i submitted the final document i was immediately within 10 minutes hit with a message that said the following
thanks for taking time to complete the lyft driver application process .
unfortunately after a final review of your profile we 've decided not to move forward with an invitation to join our driver community . ''
everything was in order and there was n't even time for them to do the background check .
feeling extremely upset and confused as i was excited to start doing rideshare .
thought it would be fun to read books or other literature in punjabi gurmukhi script – does anyone have any suggestions and/or resources ?
i will list any resources i find from searching through previous posts on this subreddit to have them in one location
m9 bayonet case hardened mw 0.08 very bta blue alot of blue
this might be a tough one because i remember very little about this game .
i remember playing as a knight character and if you jumped in water you would die .
it was a side scroller made either for dos or early windows .
i 'm planning to watch the delayed viewing in my country for 2 days .
i 'm just worrying how many hours will the battery last .
i will have extra batteries in case the battery runs out in the middle of the live .
i keep unchecking the collated '' box when i go to print something but my macbook pro still prints double sided .
i need to print one sided for certain things but ca n't figure out how to get it to stop !
pompeo is an utter piece of shit along with the entire trump administration top to bottom and all of them need to be booted .
pompeo and every other authoritarian piece of garbage needs to be blacklisted after this shitshow is over to never work again in any capacity .
i have no worries about being hot enough to get what i want .
nature blessed me with blonde hair blue eyes and very close to a 36-24-36 body .
i 've grown the hair long and kept the body hard with rigorous work outs .
in addition to the minimal bikinis i 've got a closet full of skin-tight low-cut dresses that barely reach the thigh .
some are more traditionally cut sleeveless backless numbers with a lace-up front .
i see guys ' eyes nearly pop out of their heads when we meet for a date .
over dinner i see those eyes devouring my body .
my plan for post-college sex life took shape my junior year .
i knew i 'd need to be very skilled in bed for the plan to be realized so i practiced moves from tantric yoga and the kamasutra on college boyfriends .
i find i know my way around male erogenous zones better than a lot of men .
that and working toward a taekwondo black belt has given me a very high confidence level which in combination with the clothes makes be very alluring .
i 've been smart enough to use my sexuality to con super-expensive dates out of a lot of men .
the thing that 's holding me back is hang-ups .
i grew up in an extremely traditional community with very traditional parents .
non-marital sex was wrong evil sinful and transactional sex was even worse .
also the successful sugar baby can separate her feelings from sex and have sex with whomever is most advantageous .
i 've had a lot of extravagant dates but so far because i do n't feel comfortable with sex in that situation after dinner a show and dancing i tell the guy he 's been conned and walk off
this is fun but it 's far short of my goals .
at a minimum i want travel and two or three men regularly supplying a variety of luxurious dates .
i 'm hoping i 'll learn to compromise my need to feel self-sufficient enough to be gifted that porsche and get my mortgage paid .
for that to happen i know i 'm going to have to have hot sex with these guys .
those vague offers of being flown to la or nyc and put up in a 5-star hotel wo n't become real propositions otherwise .
once i feel fully comfortable as a no-sex con artist i 'm hoping i can sort of progress to increasingly heated make-out sessions in a dark corner of the clubs .
once i 'm comfortable with that the next step will be going to the guy 's room .
your mentioning bdsm surprised me because you had no way of knowing there 's one element of it that i love .
i 'm definitely not into whips chains spanking paddles and crazy costumes but i get a total thrill from having a blindfolded man tied spread-eagled to a bed .
i use my knowledge of his erogenous zones to hold him quivering at 99 of the way to climax for a very long time .
to have a man be totally helpless and begging pleading desperately for me to give him release is the most fantastic power trip imaginable .
i can definitely see where after your sexual experiences you might crave variety again .
i hope you and your partner can work that out .
i really appreciate all the time and effort you 've put into this exchange .
i have plenty of friends but there are n't many people i can have in-depth discussions with about my plans to turn myself into a callous gold digger who also loves to tease helpless men !
not very well known fact about our boy ikb he had a squirrel that he saved from a fox .
it 's said that the squirrel was so attached to ikb that he had special top hats made so that the squirrel could chill out on top of his head but not be able to escape and interfere with his work .
over time the squirrel burrowed into his brain and connected with his spinal cord .
after the squirrel gained control of his body that 's when he came up with some of his greatest feats of engineering .
it was the squirrel who was the legendary engineer ikb was just his puppet
you might be wondering how i got here ... well it all started with this gorilla ...
there 's a ton of cotton stuffing in my back yard because of it .
but dark souls is often called an action rpg as well but it 's gameplay is entirely different .
not to mention it has nothing to with the perspective of the game .
what information am i trying to spread '' in this post ?
look at the people in the funeral home they are there 24 hours a day
suspected deaths are directly cremated and do not go through the funeral process
you mean i they do n't want to store it ?
it went from illness to death to cremation in 24 hours .
as a nurse since 1997 i was going to post this but this foh lifer already wrote everything i was going to write except one important thing .
do not take too many ibuprofen daily for long periods of time .
it 's recently been found that you can cause cirrhosis of the liver which means scarring .
so take one or two no more often than every 4 or so hours .
some people were being told to take 4 up to 4x/day by their doctors because the studies of long term use at that amount were not done yet .
it is in smaller doses and for shorter use but only just .
almost any drug has side effects if it 's not taken as directed .
the newer directions state one pill every 4-6 hours may take two but no more than 6 in 24 hours .
we 're actually flying into san francisco on the 2nd and taking the train to sj for the game .
jokes puns and off-topic comments are not permitted https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_6 in any comment parent or child .
parent comments that are n't from the target group will be removed along with their child replies .
posts that have few relevant answers within the first hour and posts that are not appropriate for the serious tag will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
your to kind but i 'm still trash compare to other photographers
i 'll take the downvote for not knowing something but what 's shutdown and why ?
riot just needs to buff his health regen and maybe attack speed
id compare the ds9 fighters more to torpedo boats than aircraft fighters .
they often just flew fast into cardassian formations shot their torpedoes then flew away .
if we take torpedoes are manufactured devices then you can imagine a hardened shuttle with high power shields with 6 torpedoes mounted on it in formation to be a somewhat useful tactical element
so are you wanting me to remove the fly while it 's fully submerged in water ?
i find it incredible actually because they are not using their sense of smell here which animals use a lot when navigating and recognising .
he high fived his brother when he called her a prostitute .
dude i ca n't even see where the fouls are anymore
ed putting on that mayo mask reminds me that i need to deep condition my hair
the i-131 and i-765 are listed as 'optional ' but are basically necessary for you to work or to travel outside the us .
with those you receive an ead/ap card work permit travel permission after a few months in the mail .
cnn msnbc nbc news abc news cbs news the list is endless of better sources .
it 's not exactly what you suggested but i think it has the same emotional punch .
first choice would be vandy but only if it came with a big financial aid package .
i think the problem is that while this makes lebron look good he never agreed to share this moment .
when sending spam e-mail just was n't good enough for spammers they are now attacking our calendars whatever next 😂
i wish i had bigger plates so i could organize my food like this more because i do n't like my food to touch so i 'm plate-envious rn .
it 's not just trump if you 're in government you have like fifty government editors reviewing your government experience retelling before your book is cleared .
they just did it and promised to come forward and the publisher said fuck it money talks .
better than hours after it happened but still just edgy and unfunny also still disrespectful and stupid .
and i love offensive humor but it 's not all about shock value there has to be some kind of humor other than just saying lol kobe died .
if it helps you feel better i send a lot of intros messages every week .
the tube has moved but we wo n't check it 's doing the function of breathing for him or address the issue because he 's off it soon 🙄
hopefully countries can hold out until we get trump out of office .
the majority of us do n't want to be in the middle east or even such a large standing military to begin with .
such a waste of money and the only reason we are still there are because of people in a particular party are more concerned with investors than the welfare of the us/globe
the fact that gianna was in that helicopter as well broke my heart .
may she rest in peace and no problem keep doin what you 're doin i ca n't wait to see more pictures !
hey i wrote this guide https old.reddit.com/r/oculusquest/comments/erksrf/oculus_link_troubleshooting_guide_for_nvidia after having this issue with the exact same laptop as you .
after following all the steps if its still not working let me know should be able to figure it out .
ai n't fun getting insta deleted every time you decide to leave your tower either
the two pekkas were trying to destroy the wall for the elixir collector while the single pekka was doing the same
the pekka outside destroyed the elixir collector thus all the pekkas retargeted .
going by the rule of three the single pekka was closest to the gold mine while the duo pekkas was closest to the buildings behind the walls that the golem was trying to destroy .
the pekkas are n't making the choices the game ai is .
thus the game ai is stupid and the targeting should be changed to least amount of time needed instead of what it is now .
though the duo pekkas going to help the golem take out the defenses is a smarter choice than them simply circling around the outside of the base and eventually dying/running out of time
as someone who just bought a house thank you !
our master bath was cheaply done for the sale .
it looks nice but after using it for 6 months i really wish they 'd left the 30 year old bathroom and let us justify the renovation the way we 'd like it.i do n't have the heart to rip out a brand new bathroom so we 'll live with it for now .
this is not going to work in the playoffs .
our defense has the ability to be so nasty and it 's on the bench
from someone who 's taken lithium you do n't want to take lithium
mom said it 's my turn to kill a false prophet
because people who follow trump with alllll the shit he 's done are morons .
did you see bern sanders tweet about the ambulance ?
they were basically like 'you 'll ruin us for your 'radical ' thinking trump would never do this ''
that radicalness being universal healthcare like canada and actually smart countries .
even my german friends say they do n't have to worry about an amb .
i have no idea why this applies but i guess it is an ama
usually the restaurants are already in almost unsavageable condition .
and the episode only airs like 6 months after gordon visits .
yeah pl just shits on drow and viper idk why they tried to shut down nisha while letting matu free farm the whole time .
their only disables could all be broken by manta so i dont understand how they planned to deal with him without ever contesting his laning .
now i have an xl austin and i think i overestimated my abilities .
i had been thinking i had to paint on minis to practice for some reason this gives me a lot of better options .
stopped to say that your baby sure did matter and never let anybody tell you otherwise .
i lost my 4 month old son to hydranencephaly in 2008 and i 've had 3 since him and i still think about him everyday .
still grieving still remembering how it felt to kiss his little nose .
nobody can tell a grieving mother when she should stop grieving a child no matter how old they were .
they can imitate my voice and could open my hidden sex chamber
i 'm looking forward to seeing which set of people they switch the blame to when shit really starts to hit the fan post-brexit back to benefit seekers '' and single mothers as the cause of all problems perhaps ?
after all it could n't possibly be the actual government 's fault .
letní hrušně do sadu i do zahrady výběr odrůd hrušní .
holy crap you dodged flat attack on every roll .
imagine being a rcb fan runners up in 2016 wooden spoon 6th and then wooden spoon
as long as his name is picked in the golden urn it would work .
through history there were 2 modes selection for the dalai lama .
you probably know about the regency tasked with the search of the successor .
it lead to long regencies and if you are a power trying to control tibet you know like the prc nowadays you may prefer the second option .
the second option involves picking a ballot from a golden urn among candidates a process where you have all the steps necessary to pick the ballot you want and select the next dalai lama who would be an adult and probably willing to obey your orders .
this would be the only way chao kung would be able to be picked under the supervision of a foreign power like natpop japan .
especially considering that a reincarnation was already recognized so his nomination would likely be seen as illegitimate .
source all the research i did on tibet for another well known mod .
julian assange 's dead man switch october 2016 or maybe it was september .
2 hours of dead internet 90 of isps in the us pulling that percentage out of my ass all the major ones for sure .
it was right before his switch would 've gone off .
i just remember discussion of the internet being cut checking outage reports .
they had said a grid had been attacked/shut down or something .
if anyone here could back me up/refresh my memory with the details would gladly look through it .
it 's really not it just has some slightly complicated bits .
the smooth bottom will help with reducing the drag coefficient .
ole wants to play the youth and our most talented prospect in do n't know how many years is the one that has has less opportunities .
i ca n't blame him for wanting to leave if at the end he leaves you can say whatever you want but the club has n't done it right with him .
specially when we play a 4231 and our cam positions are pereira lingard and mata without legs like how it 's possible that pereira and lingard have played all the games where they have n't delivered in the 95 of them ?
if i were gomes i would be like wtf ?
even chong a player that it 's clear worse than him has less potential he can become a good player in the future and hope him the best a player that also is not renewing the contract and even it 's clear that he is talkingwithotherclubs has had more chances than gomes .
gomes has been at the club all his life has played in all our academy teams and still the club has n't managed to play him to have a plan for him .
at this point it 's a situation that gomes does n't want to renew because he is not playing and the team is not playing him because who the fucks know .
nta i 'm part asian living in the uk .. it is so hard to grasp for some people you wo n't have shoes in the house ..
i have a nice black and white ikea carpet for a year and because my step daughter does n't think rules apply to her and my husband let 's her do what ever she wants that carpet is now dirty as hell from shoes .
i resent everyone who wears shoes in the house and there 's a special place in hell for them
if there 's no way you can support your car without fuelling it with gasoline acquired by murdering syrians then do n't drive .
doesnt change the fact that barely anyone in this sub actually looks before posting .
i could be missing something here because i do n't understand why this would upset people .
the general public has n't held a grudge against deserters for quite some time .
i actually think making them deserters is better than having the two men separated from their unit as it means they ca n't get help from the army even if they do find them .
play t1 solo ladder or unranked solos that has good endgames you ca n't expect shit discord 's with stupid players to play completely for endgame
use in game tactics to play with whatever 4atb formation you like
to be fair the headline is copy pasted from the article
archaeological evidence suggests that bananas have been cultivated since at least 5,000 bc and possibly since as far back as 8,000 bc .
i guess there was n't very good communication about how communication protocols work .
makes me not only lose interest in someone but actually not want to even be around a person overall .
hey i 'm in community college and i 'm hoping transfer to ucsd .
cogs 17 is one of the classes i wanted to transfer over but i was n't sure if i the amount i learned from my class was enough so i was thinking to go back and relearn the material so i 'd be ready for the upper div cogs classes .
seeing your notes and post i realize i def need to go back and review .
thanks posting your notes and study tips i 'm sure it 'll come in handy for me !
no worries though next time could you add the name of the player and remove things such as 'exclusive ' as you look like a bot or click bait .
i 'm not really conversant with discord so i do n't know where to see the maps .
kukienboks https www.reddit.com/user/kukienboks we should have that in norway too .
much more convenient to get salmon from automation than to fish or fish farming and then given later .
was tired of explaining to my ex why i paid 6000 kroner a month to rent two square meters of water in the local pond .
i always play devils advocate when arguing with vegans .
specifically to find points to research and refute their claims .
i ca n't always do so especially when finding who funds research for and against is so easy .
it 's sad cuz the original posting of this only got 36 likes
i believe you will be able to overcome it and your on your way to become a wiser person .
if you order it as pv it still works .
sometimes you ca n't really do anything to intervene .
words do n't work compromise does n't work people are gon na do what they want despite what you may say to them or what you may report .
it 's tragic and it 's incredibly sad but it is what it is .
i have a similarly sized pouch that i keep lens cleaner and a cleaning cloth in for my sun/glasses when i wear them .
the hardest thing about rollerblading is telling your dad that your gay .
that 'll teach you never to leave home without your sawzall
that 's a good question but unfortunately it can only be answered by experimentalists in the field .
what does that have to do with the discussion ?
who would masvidal beat out of usman colby leon etc ?
there actually is a religious school of thought called pantheism .
i mean it 's horse shit but it 's still a thing .
your post has been removed because it appears you are not the owner of the server you are advertising .
please review and follow the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/feedthebeastservers/wiki/index moving forward .
if you believe this is a mistake please contact the moderators directly through modmail .
depends on the group of people they 're around but in general it does seem to piss people off a great deal .
its generally along the lines of an unattractive quality without being the sole reason to avoid someone in my experience at least .
i 'd be down to help if it was n't 2:30 am for me right now lol
ghai is so over brother ya love to see it .
great start to the season an all time match and two fun characters duking it out .
you could take the nobody off of this post and nothing would change
travis will eventually break down and describe its interior without their involvement .
i was a nerd and have n't really many friends somehow — changed my look starting making music and became good known
i 'm interested but do n't really have anywhere to put it .
in general boxing is the worst for it that 's how they make money though i suppose
do you count preprod staging environments in your cost evaluation ?
does it include multi-dc high availability and disaster recovery ?
because transient staging environments are basically free in the cloud change variable env to preprod terraform apply run tests terraform destroy or something to that effect .
and can be made as similar to prod as you want .
and replicating aurora 's functionality is not trivial and i 've just done it myself .
also trump targets them and here most people that voted for him voted because he promised to build a wall and make mexico pay .
i ask a co worker once and he said well you dont want mexicans to come and steal your job .
even tho im mexican ... and i responded well thats what i did since i wasnt born there .
he said well you know how easy itnis then .
i grew up poor and now im considered middle class .
all i see are people fighting for red vs blue regardless what it offers .
make the colours match or at least go well together .
bad colour combinations in my opinion brown yellow green red blue hot pink
your post was removed because of a title that does n't follow the naming scheme .
please resubmit it with the title of 'discord_irl ' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/discord_irl if you have any questions or concerns .
it has been initiated by her hence the reason we are no longer friends and dont speak whatsoever .
her apologies over a year ago to me about what she did then wasnt even through her ... it was through my friend .
the real kicker here is that i dont know who tried contacting who in the past few days .
and idk why my bf would betray me like that .
she has caused a lot of emotional damage and my bf knows that .
because some y540 models come with the 9300hf with no integrated graphics .
that 's a shame but at least you got to see it .
i absolutely loved scotland bad weather and all although we went in june when there 's less rain .
the best part is seeing random castle ruins or visiting old castles that belonged to my family clan .
did n't the gop try to stop the texas board of education from teaching critical thinking a few years ago because they were worried it would make kids question political and religious authority ?
ada does not require any business to accommodate a service animal other than being allowed on the premises .
no food no water no riding in the cart even with a barrier .
the service animal must be controlled by its owner at all times .
ada requires the owner to comply with local government regulations .
that includes the dog being being leashed and licensed .
licensing is free to service animals so no excuse .
if the animal becomes out of control including bladder and bowels the business is allowed to tell the customer to remove the animal from the store but the customer is allowed to return without the animal .
currently in canada ... hate the weather..winter too long and too cold spring barely exists summer too hot and humid and autumn is over in a blink !
miss the sea the countryside the history the pubs clubs and greggs pasties !
danke schön '' is fine their point was the missing umlaut which changes the meaning .
remember that when you ca n't type ä ö ü ß it 's perfectly okay to replace it with ae oe ue ss .
so schön '' schoen '' but schon '' is a different word .
looks like they mostly do country and swing but they have a ballroom event coming up .
not to mention that literature like sheaksperian plays where not intended to be read but enacted .
the best way to ensure dalit votes would be to ally with azad not ill-treat him and drive dalits and muslims away .
0.55 us💲 or 0.51 € or 0.44 £/100 credits new lower price
you do not have to convert your currency you can transfer in whatever currency you want !
you have to send as g s goods and services no f f in my country you will not be charged extra for it
will use a mm 's help or buyer goes first .
i have traded for about 2 years on this sub please take a look at my rep pages below over 190 confirmed trades worth over 8,000 👍
well yeah but if you 'd tell her to hold a beat at 100 bpm she ca n't
cant help but think pot head is about to die from his buddy shot skills .
anyway all my envy over being able to assemble that many npcs .
quickscoping is way harder than using an smg or ar .
you have to be way more accurate and if you miss your first shot you 're dead to any half competent player .
coming from someone who 's listened to each of his albums at least twice as well as the entire season of dissect on mbdtf i completely disagree .
actual answer for most people neither they get the fuck out of there as fast as they can .
yoongi being so static when watching something is so him .
i say educate their parents it 's the fucking parents who keep buying them junk shit because they do n't have the time or they are lazy or their kids are not independent enough .
instead of spending their money on netflix subscriptions or super expensive smartphones rather invest into some sports or physical activities that will help their child physically be fit and healthy .
and this is coming from an 18 year old .
i know ekta hasnt done anything but that doesnt mean that shit face deserved it either its stupid how things we always thought of as a prestige are now handed out like cold crap .
i cried like a baby on his wife 's shoulder when she broke the news to me .
i still feel sadness for him and his situation but i 'm on my own from here on out .
if and when he passes i will pay my respects to him on my own terms and wo n't involve the others .
the gop tries to say the democrats and their socialism are communist yet the gop are bible thumpers who want to both control your religion and your body those are things a communist government do .
250 rounds is n't even enough to break it in .
i have wraith 's but would love to receive bloodhound 's or lifeline 's heirloom .
also asking the real questions i 'd like to know as well .
its pretty hard to make the case that gun owners who are wary of the registries that they would lead to/make bans and confiscation easier are paranoid crackpots when the government is saying that banning and confiscating hundreds of thousands of guns is one of their highest priorities .
i think a lot of asian countries sell refill packets for different products shampoo lotions face wash etc .
i do n't know who vi is but i hope they have a fast recovery
i 've never followed celebrity news and what have you but as far as i knew kobe was one of the few clean sports celebrities .
stamina is usually better i personally prefer mag though .
you should leave the lever open for juicier fruits like oranges so you do n't get a bunch of pulp through the screen into your juice .
yeah you can shear the entire southwest corner off tennessee there and give it to the cowboys .
your image has been removed because it is a repost or a slight modification to a popular post including same template or same image .
this image has already been posted here https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/comments/ds61ha/lmao_this_wont_make_sense_without_context posted 3 months ago .
did you hereby announce a petition to rename this sub to r/cockandballtorturebuddiesama ?
but the good road is on the qld side .
so far i 've only see this happen when they do n't pick up in time and it gets rtsd .
beyond that our system is a shit show and it 's anyone 's game .
might get more help there than the general pharmacy community that could work in any field or company .
come join us we love to complain about the needless problems the company and software create to keep us busy !
you ca n't build on them but the rent goes to 200 if you get all four .
they are solid purchase especially in the early game .
otherwise your dick gets in weird places and it 's uncomfortable to fix .
now drop it and the next time he complains about his weight remind him briefly that your offer still stands then change the subject .
if anyone ever takes away my right to bear arms i 'm gon na create the 4th reich in america bro
face masks leave enough for other people since they are in demand right now .
most place recommend things like a torch battery powered radio batteries a tarpaulin for covering windows etc if it 's a storm .
rice and beans is great for long time storage stuff but it 's perhaps better to start being 2 weeks ahead on your usual shop and have a bag of milk powder etc for more perishable stuff .
if you 're stuck in your home rice and beans would make the whole thing more unbearable .
i did mine a bit at a time as i have a tight budget .
now it 's done and there it 's a good feeling .
i have things like a 5 kg bag of hard lollies i got for a few bucks at a reduced to clear store .
i know we 'd appreciate it in an emergency .
i do live in a quake prone area so that and a pandemic is what i have prepped for .
r/plantedtank has a section at the top to give plants away
i left ljublijana off because it seemed to be more in the classically beautiful/picturesque category than the quirky/cool/weird urban category i 'm into but do you think it would still be worth it for me ?
for reference on my last trip i was n't super keen on prague old town
made a big deal about pretending to like me only to reject me in front of the entire school on valentine 's day
i 'm regretting not recording a full-length video while it was only judge and jury .
the new guy justice is not great at the idea of taking turns so he tries to interfere and makes judge drop his end
nothing beats a bottle of baby oil and a tea light candle .
i do n't have all the cards that would be good though as of yet .
i 'll wait for the 3 diamond chests before i buy any more cards .
that 's is so fucking gross i legit threw up in my mouth a little
edge browser is not great for reading pdf but installing adobe fixed that problem .
still miss preview from macos i liked to be able to reorganize random pages from multiple pdfs into a single doc via simple drag-and-drop .
i would say i 'm between enthusiastic amateur and aspirkng to be historian .
what i usually do to not devolve into bad history or circlejerking is being polite as long as i 'm getting polite answers not commenting on what i 'm unsure of unless it 's asking to what extent sonething is true and finally keeping myself from making statfments on not easy to access information .
those are my primary rules in most of conversation be it on social media or irl to prevent falling to bad history .
premier rendez-vous hier après-midi au bord du fleuve puis dans un salon de thé .
on a passé trois heures et demie ensemble et je suis sous le charme ☺️ elle a de l'esprit de jolis yeux verts un sourire plein de vie et des cheveux magnifiques .
après je reste très prudent les dernières déceptions ont été dures .
pas forcément le fait de plus voir la fille car on a pas trop le temps de s'attacher en se voyant 3 fois mais la trouille de ne pas retrouver aussi bien quand ça foire .
should have been like if im apparently right outside your house then please come out and collect your order .
i have placed an 8 minute timer for you to be able to collect it .
btw if the timer option is n't available restart the app and itll come up
i mean honestly ... if a match is entertaining/has a good storyline it supersedes the result of the match .
every woman out there put on a good match and let 's be real here nattie winning would have been worse beth is a commentator and the nxt stars were there to get more exposure and look good not win .
i think charlotte winning was the safe choice even if it 's predictable .
i 'm a simple guy i see someone say they like yuno i challenge them to a battle to the death for the honor of serving the yandere goddess .
might be a more cost-effective way that would result in more than 2 drivers off the road .
order ot with a credit card you get from the dark web ... everything is free
this happened to me a while back in a few of my posts
cinematic mode and just slow it down to a near hault at railroad crossings .
cinematic mode has given me plenty of perfect runs .
keeps you right on track and you can make it with the 5 minutes remaining .
ages ago those battles had much more significance in part of your daily rotation these days not so much .
you can take a screenshot and show it off that way .
medals for the most part a much easier to get than in ingress so many people like to try to have all golds .
if you release a medal for agreements i can guarantee that most people wil try to do at least just enough to get a gold medal .
it 's actually supposed to say that it 's just saying that life exists to have short falls
this to a t. came in here to say it but you pretty much summed it up .
you do n't get walking dead if you do n't take lethal damage .
the second i looked at max 's mustache my brain played mariachi music in my head .
i think they are trying to make raids more consistent and more often .
now that they got rid of stash houses they have to hurry up and raid on easy mode before any kind of balancing to checking house records at the courthouse gets in there eventually .
both are so similar that it does n't really matter .
i would suggest ahn might first as they are uniques and are easier to buy .
i have n't touched chest exercises in at least 2 months but i tested my bench max yesterday and it 's about 10 pounds heavier than it used to be without gaining much body weight .
why do you want to go to online high school ?
if it 's to take 2 more aps then that 's not going to look good on your app .
stanford and duke value your ecs and school participation a lot more than 2 additional aps .
questions you will have to ask on your app include why volunteering at the library necessitated online school ?
how did you engage with peers other hs students during senior year ?
fwiw one of my kids did online hs for a year because my spouse took a temporary assignment in another country .
it was easy to explain and most likely a positive .
the quality of the classes was no where near their traditional hs classes though and she had to catch up a bit when she returned to her hs .
its all about your location to the server my friend .
i have 6mb speed and yet never had a problem with lag on battlefront
absolutely but they were also like a high schooler at the time so i do n't really hold it against them too mch .
if this post showcases moral/mental/physical corruption or perversion upvote this comment .
if this post does not belong here downvote this comment .
if this is a meta meme https i.ibb.co/hpvx4dv/metaposting.png reaction image on its own screenshot/video of this sub recursive void post https i.ibb.co/vmkwbmd/void.png begging for upvotes/reposts or traveling meme https i.ibb.co/wgq4mgt/travelers.jpg advertisement or intentionally distracting cute/wholesome https i.ibb.co/nc251gf/awwposting.png post report the post and it will be removed .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/noahgettheboat if you have any questions or concerns .
it was so heartbreaking to see your original post about the goof and i 'm so glad you bounced back and kept working on it !
i like mad lions followed the humanoid/nemesis/selfmade/werlyb/falco era and like to see young hungry rookies .
rogue too to a lesser extent because they are already established as a good team just look at the msf game they won while trolling and playing laid back .
in na i support imt and tsm this year for the snoozefest they granted us yesterday
and this guy has the balls to lecture me about global warming ?
nas is funnier than anton anton is like nas and mike 's personalities fused .
but yes the other days made sense to me .
in my honest opinion i 'd put them on the sdbh banner since
a it 's gfssr so getting shafted on featured units is impossible featured units are usually given once out of every 2 multi 's on average .
usually it takes people more than 2 multis to get a single featured unit .
b every ssr on it is exclusive to that banner that only comes around every 6 months if that since it 's return is n't a guaranteed thing .
the vast majority of other units return in a different form either as another featured unit for dfes or are in the general ssr pool for non-dfes .
they become way harder to pull here but you can pull them on other banners .
c every ssr on that banner ranges from decent '' to fantastic '' .
some of them help struggling categories most notably ss3 of which the dbh banner has 4 brilliant units in it .
d you do n't have any dbh units so regardless of what featured unit you pull in the fgssr it 's gon na be new .
in general this is better than the rising dragon carnival and future banners since you 've got the chance to pull dupes of units you have as opposed to new units .
your proteins might be happy about those temperatures above 57 degrees
my personal favorite is to read the official rails guides .
just curious because i spawned a day after you .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/circlejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
the tank sections really brought the game down in my opinion
other mobile champions do n't get nearly as much hate as her unless they have other annoying mechanics like yasuo .
and it was always something people complained about even when she was garbage .
and pre-rework shroud had an energy cost and a cast delay rather than being instant and restoring energy mind you ... new one also grows and becomes more than twice the size of the old one so while before you could just blow her up with aoe inside the smoke hey counterplay !
it was already annoying and a point of contempt without being half of the spell the current one is
i 'll see if i can find a deal on a blakc locust or something ... .
her being a role model does n't have to be tied to her weight .
in fact i do n't think it is for people who respect her .
captain one i got yami on it with free summon tickets .
yes we are in other terms you might say people who actually question things and do n't just follow every line blindly ''
wait you can go higher on hz with 4k60pro mk2 ?
my monitor is 144hz and 4k60 showing only 120hz wth ?
honestly you can build a blog around any of the ideas you mentioned .
as long as it 's all baseball-related you can add categories to cover the other topics and google will give you the necessary relevancy to rank your stuff .
there might be a copyright issue using the team name in the site name anyway so i 'd name the site broader then just set up categories for that team the other group of teams etc .
used to watch them eat their own shit in the backyard .
what about golden retrivevers ? ? ? ? ? ''
or they think that there is something magical about their own dog and that by meeting them or seeing pictures of them i will be cured .
yes cats are gross too but at least they are n't big enough to maul me to death .
would love to have this view as you sit on my face 😍
i once had tofu that tasted delicious but the texture was so horrible it almost made me throw up .
it felt like meatloaf made out of maggots or something .
i 've used ramda with a large enterprise-scale react application and it worked very well .
i switched over to lodash fp https github.com/lodash/lodash/wiki/fp-guide for my latest apps though just because more dependencies require lodash than ramda and the typescript definitions for ramda were n't great when i used it .
by the end of the video my cock was throbbing hard .
i think that 's the first time i see one without the crappy scope they usually come with
he 's done a heinous crime and is feeding on the resources of the society .
unfortunately we do not allow direct image posts on r/nba .
memes photoshops funny video edits '' pictures that are posted that only serve to show a player/coach/fan/etc .
any such posts should be posted in the daily thread .
if your post is an infographic or stats image please create a self post with your image context and source in the body as outlined in our stats post rules https www.reddit.com/r/nba/wiki/rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nba if you have any questions or concerns .
i hate neo libs not as individuals but as a group .
also not because of their opinions themselves but more how their politicians opinions are self serving or serving of whatever rich person just lined their pockets .
i also hate republicans more as a group than as individuals but i do hate many more of the individuals from this group .
i hate them for the same reason as above but also that a lot of the opinions of republicans are based off of emotional rather than facts .
and i do n't know about you but i 'd rather have laws built on facts .
he could sweep all states not in the south .
would n't be surprised if he wins a southern state .
that server has been a problem for as long as i can remember .
press ctrl shift n in-game to see the server .
there is a limited edition of this seamaster 300 with smaller dimensions .
it 's still an extremely potent ghg with rising concentrations in the atmosphere we 're releasing it much faster than it is naturally removed .
i guess you 'll have to delete gamedata and install all mods you had before without dfr
meesa propose that disney give immediately emergency powers to george lucas
a game that should be enjoyed by people who like it and ignored by people who dont like it .
in your language of being a total idiot that would mean fuck off and leave people to what they like .
personally i think he should 've stayed in žilina for at least half a year .
i do n't know anything about striker situation in feyenoord but i hope he 'll get to play regularly we need a good striker for our national team .
i have a bauer 5100 large and i just purchased a profile 1 large with it but even on the most agressive j clip setting my chin is snug in the chin holder .
furthermore when i just give it a short nudge up my entire chin becomes exposed .
i paid like 60 for the helmet and then 34.99 for this cage and 34.99 for the hardware for it ... ... i feel like i should have just gotten an all-in-one combo .
are there any bigger cages that fit this helmet ?
i do n't have the receipts to return the helmet but possibly i can find the one for the cage .
do we know where this will be shown in canada yet any chance dazn has the rights ?
hi i 21m live in a 2 bedroom apartment with my roommate 21m .
he has severe anger issues and i mean severe screaming banging his head against the floor table etc
he has had an on-and-off relationship with this girl 19f and she has continuously manipulated him .
he lets her stay here for free and he has never asked me if i was cool with it or even given me a heads up she just comes over and does n't leave for months at a time which is a violation of the lease .
she smokes all his weed i do n't smoke but i do n't really mind it too much drinks all his beer all for free and after a month or two she 'll start seeing this other guy who she also manipulates and she 'll go back and forth between the two .
i 've done everything i can to try to help him i 've tried giving him advice dozens of times to convince him to get her out of his life but he keeps letting her back in and she keeps using him and hurting him .
i 've tried every single thing that i can to help him and get him back on track but even though he agrees with me at the time he keeps letting her come back .
i 've tried many times to convince him to see a therapist but he wo n't .
well i 've pretty much had enough of this drama i 'm sick of being involved in it and i 've accepted after dozens of attempts that he will never listen to my advice and accept the help i 'm trying to give him so i 'm done with it .
my question is can i break my lease early if i tell my landlord that he has been in violation of the lease by letting her stay at the apartment for free even after i said on numerous occasions that she was n't welcome in the apartment ?
the current lease is for 6 months until the end of june but i am not willing to stay here until then .
i 'm looking to start learning how to play the keyboard/piano but do n't want to pay for lessons .
are there any good online resources i can use ?
i 'm new to the sport and this might be a dumb question but do they make visors with a glasses prescription inside it ?
i wear glasses and i do n't think i can play with them inside the helmet .
hey there let 's exchange pics of our favorite cunts mounds pussys and vaginas !
let 's include all types from hairy to smooth tight to loose but try to keep it to pics with her whole body or face included too
saggy tits women who do n't shave and bbw are on the menu show me what you love about these women !
i have scrolled past most old suggestions and did n't find any that was incorporated in the game .
i guess this subreddit flair is just for fun ?
the person i envision myself one day being is n't a slave to anything .
i just got back from the gym and the preworkout is still flowing through me i have a lot of pent up sexual frustration from seeing the sights .
girls with nice big toned asses in their vibrant skin tight pants their huge tits bulging out of their victoria 's secret sports bras with push up padding in them daring the guys there to stare i know how you girls work you act like we 're pigs but you want us to look .
i have a very particular story about something i did today i went over the edge the raging erection i had contained inside my compression shorts was finally too much and i had to do something to sate my lust .
so whether its a chat you want to have about the girls i see while at the gym or an rp built around a few different scenarios i have i 'm really hoping that i get a few responses to this as i really am passionate about finding a new person to talk to on here .
open to guys playing as girls just do n't tell me if you are i wo n't question
i strongly recommend listening to this song while reading .
also this is part 1 to a tt i wrote a while back because writing in order is silly .
note i have updated this microfiction since the 22nd incorporating critiques from the tt campfire on wednesday and some other stuff i felt i cut to the detriment to the story .
edith eddy '' vos leaned against the bar and the atmo dome outside reflected off its surface .
the lounge was a dive sure outer dome joint serving cheap swill .
yet despite the impending burn she knocked back the shot of aquamarine fire .
eddy fished out credits and dropped them on the counter .
he poured the drink and moved on but eddy did n't mind all that much .
he was n't the main attraction not tonight and she 'd put up with worse for a job before .
instead eddy turned her eyes to the stage as the lights flicked on and she walked out .
as jobs went layla was n't hard to look at or keep tabs on .
her black curls cascaded over her shoulders her dress practically painted on .
the sparkling powder on her arms reflected the stage lights and her lashes went on for days .
between the high heels and the corset eddy admired layla 's gumption .
not a thing on mars could get eddy to walk in heels that tall .
the story itself was n't unique but layla was .
she had that shine in her eyes the swaying warble to make your knees weak .
the gentle rise of her shoulders into notes as if to whisper secrets .
layla finished her set and the lights dimmed to gentle applause .
with grace she sashayed to a table in the corner .
layla slipped in beside her agent-boyfriend horace wruthers and she pressed her lips to his cheek with a smile .
with the crowd the loudest it 'd been in weeks eddy could n't hear them and their chatter .
layla would ask about some gig in a better joint .
and then layla would smile forgetting it all until the next set .
the cage she 'd come to sing from not noticing the bars .
horace did n't even turn to her not a care for her smiles run ragged like a cheap suit .
layla 's eyes glistened in the lounge lights surrounded by strangers .
without another word she slunk away from horace and the stage .
for a minute she stared hard at horace never liked the look of him. then she made for the back of the lounge weaving between the drunk and lonely a bit of both rubbing off on her .
layla 's tiny tin dressing room should have been warning one but the songbird could n't see it .
through a crack eddy watched layla holding an advertisement for a headline act in dome prima .
no one and done and back of the shop gig either .
find a gal all doe-eyed and dreaming and promise her the stars .
in a few short years he 'd taken what brightness layla had and wrung it dry .
am i any better ? the job was to watch her nothing more .
eddy pulled out a handkerchief and offered it to the songbird .
with a meek smile layla took it and dabbed her eyes .
eddy stepped into the dressing room and closed the door behind her .
like i said above there is a part 2 tt bad ideas https www.reddit.com/r/leebeewilly/comments/cujjow/tt_theme_thursday_bad_ideas_layla
how much does 18mp matter vs lets say 24 ?
it says instrumental '' because i may add lyrics to this one later but i reckon most of the tracks i put up going forward will be instrumentals but who knows !
my band was collective man we played around new jersey and had shows in pa and ny from 2015 through 2018 .
after some creative differences we stopped playing together but i kept recording .
i always felt like nothing i was writing could compare to my band but now i 've decided 'fuck it ' and am going to record and release one song a week for the whole year .
this song has a total of four guitar tracks with a doubled rhythm and doubled lead .
all the tracks are played on a 1996 prs custom 24 through my pedalboard directly into my interface .
the fuzz tone is achieved with a boss fz-2 hyper fuzz something that 's apparently pretty hard to come by it kinda fell in my lap .
i 'd be happy to know what you guys think and answer any questions about production or songwriting etc !
looking for a ha rufflet/braviary any iv/ball/nature as well as some gmax pokemon i am missing .
also taking offers on items mints apriballs or other breedjects you are looking to get rid of too .
4-5 iv synchronise timid ralts in ultra ball/luxury ball lots
4-5 iv timid cottonee no ha in love ball lots
4-5 iv timid charmander ha and blaze in beast ball lots
4-5 iv modest storm drain shellos in luxury ball x5
what was the process of joining your research lab like ?
how did you convince your research advisor to let you join ?
i load up an ion cube press right button and it acts like there is no ion cube in it .
let 's say there are some details that i would prefer to add with a pencil .
i 'm currently running 2 campaign groups through skt but i 'm about a week from having worked and prepped through the whole campaign book and am now about 90 certain i 'll be taking on 'tyranny of dragons ' as my next campaign .
i know this module gets a bad rep for being among the weakest in 5e but i just got the revised re-release edition and finished reading through all the introduction/overview parts and so far it seems cool and i 'm pretty excited to get crackin ' !
in your experience what are the best parts of tod ?
what should a dm know as they begin the process of preparing themselves to take on this campaign ?
my dm style tends to focus on the narrative/world-building elements and i put a lot of focus and energy on making combat encounters shine and remain dynamic .
my players enjoy combat and rp in equal measure and tend to be very goal-driven they struggle a bit with the why are doing this '' elements of the open world section of skt .
knowing this what additional things should i know as i prep tyranny of dragons ?
so long story short how do these types of waterfall fountains work for snakes ?
i 'm going camping for twoish weeks and wondering if they work well so my friend does n't have to come every day or so to refill the water
i recently bought a mandavilla i want to plant it in the ground and have it climb up the railing of my back veranda .
according to the tag it requires 'sandy soil ' .
i 'm assuming it 'll just die if i plant it in my existing garden soil .
do i literally just buy sand and mix it with general purpose garden soil ?
i feel like as if i have no way to defend against it .
the puffer bug pushes the golem a lot pusing and ruining my whole defense .
a friend of mine recently sent me 23m a screenshot of a post from my cousin 's 27m instagram account of him and another man celebrating their 2 year anniversary .
the caption is about them being a happy gay couple .
my cousin has never told me or my family my parents and siblings that he 's gay .
i tried searching my cousin 's instagram account but it seems like i 've been blocked and so have my siblings .
we all definitely used to follow him so this is new .
his siblings and his parents still follow him on instagram so this does n't seem to be a secret for them .
i want to make it clear that my family and i have never made any homophobic remarks that would maybe cause him to shut out my family .
i do n't know if he is embarrassed about this or if his parents are embarrassed and asked him to keep it a secret ?
should i try to let him know that i would never ever judge him for being gay or for having a boyfriend ?
or should i let him come out in his own time ?
i know this is n't about our feelings but my family and i feel slightly shut out and we have no clue why .
any advice is helpful but please know that i have the best intentions and i am just trying to understand
i accidentally found out my cousin has a boyfriend but he is actively keeping it from me and my family .
should i let him know he has nothing to be worried about by telling us ?
so i 'm confused why am i getting more damage on weapons i got earlier in the game ?
beep equipped with 2 hacker meitou grade https preview.redd.it/zq2cj4f4yfd41.jpg ? width=1366 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=5a018d8c7b58a203681bcafc29b0093512acab08
edit yes there is some holy nation outlaw getting eaten alive by fog prince if you notice it
any folks from houston who know how fantastic it 's been without zoning and developmental regulation please make sure to add your comments to these new proposed ordinances around development .
looks to me like the city council seeing how close they can get to zoning without the name .
very abnormal post but i remember i worked with this girl and i thought she was hella cute but knew she wasnt in to me so one day were talking and she said i seemed really cool and i told her something to the effect of no i 'm definitely not cool ...
i love godzilla '' and no lie this girl turned around and said no way me too '' i think that 's the first time i 've felt love for another person xd
thanks for letting me waste your time and remember gojira fans ... nerdy isnt bad anymore
basically i have n't called the petfood truck because i 'm afraid of being sued .
i know this is n't america but what is worst case scenario if i get rid of this horse via the only option i think i have left ?
our signed agreement says after 4 weeks without payment we may remove the horse '' .
over 6 weeks i have reminded her of this via text and given her a deadline to remove her horse .
she has n't paid or removed him because she does n't have the money or a trailer .
he 's not gelded poorly trained and 2 years old .
the owner has assured that he will be gelded but that deadline has come and gone too .
it is increasingly dangerous to get in the paddock to shovel poo shift breaks or do other chores .
he is becoming a bully with the other horses whose grazing is paid for .
local council says animal control is for dogs '' .
citizen 's advice bureau has repeatedly promised to get back to me '' spca understandably does not get involved where there is no welfare concern he 's adequately fed and watered .
it 's not within my moral constitution to starve him so that the spca will get involved .
it 's not a crime to humanely kill an animal as a petfood collector would do .
but it is a crime to destroy someone else 's property .
i could avoid killing him by selling him to someone else who wants a bitey colt ?
but is n't it also a crime to sell somebody else 's property ?
do i really have no choice but to continue feeding this horse ?
does anyone have a fire cutsman that can give me ?
this is the 28005th time i made this shitty comment .
back in november i bought myself a breville barista express .
i 'm a big white mocha drinker and have been working on making myself 16oz mochas since i purchased it .
they taste great but theres a lot of room for improvement i think .
i 'm utilizing setting 6 on the grinder any lower and water would barely make it through the group head .
i bought myself a scale and have been trying 18g for a double shot .
which is hitting the top of the espresso range on the pressure gauge .
my double shot is pulling out around 90g through the portafilter .
i 'm going to start looking at my manual on how to adjust the manual programming to fine tune it but i wanted to know if anyone had any recommendations for this machine to get the best pulls possible .
my prep consists of loading my beans in the grinder after weighing .
i put my cone on my portafilter and hold the manual grind button until all the beans are out .
after this i use a toothpick to get an even distribution in the cone .
i have a coffee distributer as well which i use after i remove the cone .
after this i put my porta filter on my tamping map and try and keep as level as possible while tamping .
at this point i start with my milk i have a pitcher with a thermometer .
i try and stretch the milk til about 90 degrees and keep it in a roll until 145 or so and it usually gets the temp to around 155 when i remove the wand .
i tap the pitcher once and then go back to pulling my shot .
i do a single pull through the group head to warm it up .
then i wipe off any remaining moisture and load my porta filter .
after my shot is finished in about 30-40secs from pressing the double shot button .
now i swirl my milk once or twice and start pouring .
i 'm not sure if i can even do latte art with a tall 16oz cup or not but the only foam i get is at the very end and it 's always larger foam and comes out as clumps instead of a nice stream like when pouring the milk .
also i 'd like to get a bottomless portafilter in the future .
i dont have the tools to make my own and arent ready to buy a pullman for 200 since i got my machine for around 400 .
so i had twrp installed and was rooted and wanted to go back to full stock but somehow screwed things up .
now i 'm stuck at the google logo and ca n't do anything else .
my computer ca n't recognize my device at all .
is there anything that can be done to fix it ?
i tried doing what it said below too same problem .
i think i understand the real reasons why i did but that does n't matter it does n't excuse me walking away and it never will .
all i can do now is wish i had n't and imagine how things would be different if i had n't if we were still talking .
if right now i had the option to make us be on talking terms again i would take it no matter what i have to do but that still does n't change things it still does n't fix things or make us talk again .
there 's so much that 's happened that i have n't gotten to tell you .
if you texted me i 'd tell you about how i just got my first ever new laptop today .
i bought a new desktop once when it was super on sale back around the time we met and before that i was using a hammy-down laptop and the laptop i 've used so far this year has already been through college for someone else .
this is new and its mine and i bought it .
i have a winter coat and winter boots on the way also brand new .
i have n't had a coat or boots in so long and with how cold it gets up here they 're very much necessary .
over break i tried on boots and they felt so weird to walk in .
oh and even weirder i did n't have to buy them my mom bought them for me .
college is really nice despite some mild roommate problems and i 'm running into the problem i think we both knew i 'd run into i need to actually study and be proactive .
i know most people would n't like it but it feels nice to have that need for most of my classes and for it to be up to me if i go to class or not or do homework or study or not .
and all that impact is based off of my choices not my situation .
it 's really freeing and i wish i could tell you just how amazing it is .
despite my thoughts during the adjustment period i think it 's everything we hoped it would be .
there 's probably more stuff that i 'm forgetting but i want you to know i 'm doing well for the most part .
there 's just one problem well actually two really really important ones and some other minor ones that are whatever .
problem one is really easy to explain i miss you .
i 've put in so much work though and i do n't want to throw that away .
i do n't want to lose how things were at the start of the relationship because it was really good for the first few months .
however i do n't know anymore if it was good because it was good or if it was good because i needed it to be good .
now i 'm scared i wo n't let it end because in an extremely twisted way it 's all i have left of you .
i walked away from our friendship for this something i thought i would never do for anyone and had convinced myself was okay because of the circumstances .
i 'm sorry that it took me until november under extreme circumstances to reach out to you because i needed you and i 'm sorry that i did n't have the courage then to tell you i missed you .
i 'm sorry i do n't have the courage to tell you right now that i miss you .
i miss you i miss our dumb jokes our late night calls the few times we hung out in person .
i really hope we meet again and i have the courage to approach you first and tell you that i 'm sorry .
and i hope that you forgive me even though i do not deserve it in the slightest .
i hope one day i can show you this letter that i know i 'm never going to send .
has any expat tried to add facial recognition as a payment method in alipay ?
all i get is a message that it 's only available for real name mainland chinese .
apparently it 's working in wechat pay for foreigners but i do n't use wechat pay .
i 'm 6'0 155lbs what size should i get ?
i usually wear size m shirts and m or l oversized hoodie .
not so sure for jackets especially in this case .
we all know you dont evolve symptoms until everyone 's infected smh my head
i 'm going to be building my first fpv quadcopter in a few months .
do any experienced drone builders have any tips for a newbie ?
does anyone know they seems to have a really good price and really loving how it looks .
side note i live in the continent that is burning rn
i was searching the nintendo switch up game enhancer and came across this listing on ebay called pokemon sword shield enhancer helper for watts breeding 24/7 https www.ebay.com/itm/pokemon-sword-shield-enhancer-helper-for-watts-breeding-24-7/223881775344 '' ... . anyone have any idea if its safe or legal ?
course of data science https www.webcomtechnologiesusa.com/data-science-training-in-delhi is designed by it experts that range from basic to advance level covering all the major topics of data science briefly such as linear algebra programming statistics machine learning data mining and data visualization .
i 'm starting to microdose for the first time tomorrow .
what doses did you try when you first started mding ?
i know that yi discovery is the cheap way to get into action cameras from the yi brand and this has some limitations .
but would like to ask if any of you have seen an underwater dome fitting this camera ?
i 've recently been absolutely loving kingdom something about it is just exciting .
i 'm taking my time reading it but in the mean time is there any similar mangas to kingdom vagabond beserk ?
could have a unique art style historical setting sword fighting .
i 've come across blade of the immortal still do n't know about that one .
it drives me insane and makes me want to dive out my window .
however the key to fixing these problems is understanding them .
the main thing wj never takes into account ... .is dying .
which is ridiculous i do n't know how he could possibly overlook this as a factor .
he states that you can peek and shoot a player and kill him before he even sees you .
not even remotely true ... .yes you can peek and shoot a player before he sees you ... but only in your game ... not in his game and not on the server .
in his game he wo n't get shot until after he sees you step out and fire .
meaning your shots do not count until the server sees them ... which is about when he sees them because his ping is very low .
this means that if he steps out and headshots you 15 times in his game ... .but in your game with low ping you just shoot him in the head when you see him step out .
he will die and you will not take any of those hits .
however if you do not kill him then of course you die ... because you will literally watch him step out and shoot you until you are dead .
you will not however die before you see him step out like wacky jacky says .
that is 100 a lie and it 's proven if you watch his own damn video .
the guy with low ping does n't take any damage until after he sees the guy step out and shoot him .
this is because of one very simple irrefutable fact ... ..data travels in order .
the data of a player shooting you after he steps out can not get to you before the data of him stepping out does .
without any added delay a low ping player will literally step out and kill you before you seem them .
however you have to understand what 's really happening .
on your screen with high ping you will see them step out and then you will die .
what you do n't know however is that on the server you were already dead before you saw yourself die in your game .
this means that everything that you do in your game right before you die gets discarded .
this is why when you shoot someone in the head 5 times and they kill you immediately after it 's because he has better ping and he shot you and the server said you were dead already ... .so now you try to shoot back and the server basically tells you to go f yourself cause dead people ca n't shoot back .
the lag compensation is there to not completely remove this but at least minimize it for players with a bit higher ping .
wj 500ms ping is an extreme and so his examples are extreme ... ..he states this at the beginning of the video ... .then gets super surprized that someone takes damage 8 feet behind a wall ... .well yeah it 's 500ms man ... in normal scenarios it will only ever be a foot or two unless real lag spikes and packet loss show up .
it 's important to also note that no one is shooting through the wall they got shot before the wall it just registers late .
now take into account many players have between 30-100 ping on both sides of these gun fights .
in addition to random packet loss from pubg 's terrible servers .
there are a lot of factors and specific scenarios that come into play for these things .
take into account also not peeking a corner what happens when people are in the open ?
high ping is at a massive disadvantage all day without question .
there are a lot of other things we can talk about and discuss but these are the main two that just grind my gears when people simply do not understand what 's actually happening and spread misleading information about it all which causes massive community backlash in the wrong directions which do not ever help a game and force devs into corners to making bad decisions for the community as a whole .
i do n't have a budget do n't bother wasting your time if you 're a scammer using g s on pp
i am making a new type of post going forward .
i realized i needed to refresh on all index from the very start so i am going to watch all index anime from zero .
that means i will watch all of season 1 2 and 3 .
and actually write my opinions of all the stories .
you know i originally thought it was going to be just fun .
i was going to see something fun and a little goofy with a good spirit and enjoy myself a while .
i had so much fun watching these episodes again ...
but i got wayyyy more than i originally bargain for .
the introductory arc of index is wayyy better than i remembered it to be .
and i did n't remember it to be bad but dammit as a teenager a lot of basic stuff flew over my head .
so let 's explore what these six episodes mean and what they mean for index as a whole and what the spirit of the show has been from day one .
touma trying to save the sleazy asshole from misaka is a good twist and actually serves well in making touma seem caring for the right reasons .
he literally tried to save a dumb guy from being burnt up instead of just trying to appear as a hero in front of the girl .
it is a little disappointing that they changed that in the dub but well sometimes small stuff like that are lost in translation .
i am mostly watching the dub of season 1 .
well i am mostly going to be talking about the overall points of this episodes so i am not going to talk that much about individual scenes .
but in general the humor and characters of the show were funny from day one and the setting is really well made .
touma 's bad luck being a result of his arm negating the good will of god is something interesting and that is going to be relevant in the future .
so ... we get to know index and then she is persued by magicians .
i like the little details like touma destroying the magic of her robe which made kanzaki 's attack to be deadly by accident .
little details like that shows how much though has been put to the narrative .
you were design like a fucking 20 year old .
i do n't know if kamachi got into a fight with the editorial or the designer about his age or something but that guy was n't designed to be 14 dammit .
other than that he is a pretty good character and this is a great introduction .
it used the environment to its advantage and has a great resolution .
the really interesting thing we start to see here is touma 's view on morality .
from day one in the story touma is saying to his opponent ca n't you see the difference between right and wrong '' and that already shows how centered in his messages kamachi was from day one .
also great because we saw how touma was able to surpass stiyl yet he was completely out of his depth against kanzaki .
and we start to learn about the magic system through index curing herself with the help of the teacher and about index herself .
the whole dilemma of index forgetting and how heavy it was on her friends really works great as an initial conflict and actually rises good questions about how far you are willing to go for your friends and what it means to care for somebody in this type of situations .
honestly everybody comes out of it like a three dimensional character .
touma 's discovery about the corruption of the church through using science to see how much they were lying to index 's two friends was actually really well done .
it shows how thinking outside the box in situations like this is important .
also by convincing those two of how people as inmoral to do something as giving index that dangerous information in the first place would n't really care that much about her life or hapiness .
touma forgeting everything that happened in his life was so fucking ironic .
he saved index from that fate yet he suffers it .
and it was a really sad scene when index comes in .
but then it is revealed touma was lying and he actually remembered everything and that fake out got me because i was so invested in the story ...
but then the doctor comes and touma admits he really does n't remembers anything .
he said that because he did n't want to make index sad .
and ... that got me it really got me .
that final line of remembering in the heart even if his whole brain was fried ... felt so honest .
and that 's the reason i wanted to write this in the first place .
there is an innocence in certain properties that we consume as teenagers and such .
a certain immaturity a belief that is hard to explain .
and a lot of times it is because the people writing it are childish .
people in general are expected to develop a certain adult cynicism as a counter balance to that hope and then grow up '' .
to learn about the horrors of the world and then accept the adult world full of corruption and problems .
index ... is a story about a third step of going back to that hope to that belief while understanding that cynicism .
because that belief normally is crushed under the weight of the real world with time and people give up on it ... and index knows that .
this is not a show about believing blindly and hoping everything will be okey because it knows that is n't how it works .
there is a concept i will use here but i want to explore it more deeply in the chapter that actually happens in .
but it was a line that shows me that this was always what index was .
in episode 20 while saving accelerator the female researcher that saved him says that she ended being a reseacher by accident and that actually she would like to be a teacher and that she was seeing accelerator and the misaka clones as her students at the moment .
and that she wanted to just be the type of teacher that cries when she sees her students perform to feel something nice for them .
not because she was soft but because it was right .
and that line ... just remained with me after i listened to it recently .
not because she was soft but because it was right .
she understood the cynical mindset but she knew that those other feelings were important .
it is a show about being right in a real world like ours .
index is a show written under a real neutral perspective .
touma accelerator misaka and everybody else ... have to figure out the world with their own eyes in their own ways .
and all of them will come to different conclusions and solutions and that is fine .
and i am glad i am here again wiser .
smart enough to understand this because index is the most humane show i have ever seen .
other shows can be emotional and deep but there is a humane feeling to index that only index has .
a feeling of mature youth and i am glad i got to experience this because i needed it .
i am having fun and i believe that is the point .
wanted opinions on my deck but do n't know best way to share it here .
strarcon design consultants are the one of the top architects who have spent many years in the architectural and building sectors .
we have always given the best in building technology to our customers .
to meet the increasing requirements we are continually learning and innovating .
our facilities speak about the amount of happy faces of individuals staying in our constructed structures .
majority of our new customers come through referrals from our past customers .
we at strarcon believe architecture plays a huge role in shaping the environment around us .
we are dedicated to the design of high value environment friendly and sustainable architecture .
we give a lot of importance to the nature in all our projects and try to get the right balance between the built and the un-built .
we are passionate about every project that we do irrespective of the context or the scale .
hello i am trying to implement an esp8266 access point with a web page .
how do i create an html string to describe a webpage ?
agreed but i 'll believe it when the vote is for it .
we would n't do that with how long cp3 's contract is .
that 's what i originally thought that she was waiting to see how people would take to the product once they received it so she could include more details in the tutorial like answer questions etc .
i got downvoted to hell for that thought on another post .
i was n't gon na bother watching the video but now you had to go and make me curious
when your wheels decide they want to be guy fieri
there are many cases where having the full set is far stronger than only having 2 so it 's all-or-nothing .
gone are the days when you can go 3rd relic/void blade with miko for enemies you can confidently dodge or blossom for consistent damage .
i unironically think rigno is best beeble peace and love peace and love 😎✌🌟❤🎶🎵🎶🕺🥦🦏☮
i use a 4-2-3-1 wide giegenpress and almost always set it to attacking with get stuck in on .
the biggest thing i change is how wide i attack .
i have a strong midfield so for the most part i try to play through the middle with a narrow attack but against 5 at the back i have to set it to wide to have any shot at winning
they believe themselves to be the pinnacle of wisdom intelligence power and self-control .
but they are deeply flawed but those deep flaws are exasperated by their own hubris and belief they can do no wrong .
so when they do mess up or fail or become stressed they feel these things with a burning intensity unmatched by most humans .
so their stress and anxiety overwhelm them just like other humans would but the sheer intensity and unfamiliarity with these feelings cause them to screw it up a lot more than a mature human .
so in essence just like the greco-romans gods are compared to children due to their action so too are the astartes much like children in the way they handle losing control or becoming stressed .
this is the key to being in a good spot '' .
if we can have our best 11 on the field and playing well we can compete within the top 15 .
problem is the drop in quality is mariana trench levels once someone goes down .
someone posted on twitter france 's cb depth chart .
there were like 9 names on that list and at least 6 of them would start over any of our guys and we have cbs .
i bought n95 but at this point i would get whatever you can get your hands on .
i know there 's a ton of discussion about it but imo it 's better than nothing .
i cant help but feel that danny ric is going to end up being one of the best drivers to never win a championship
as i was reading this i just kept thinking damn the demons must have been hungry '' 😂😂😂
lol yeah you just have a very creative mind .
use events like this for your inspiration it was a fun read .
the argument is that top has low impact on the game overall .
even if they lose lane because of everything you just listed it does n't matter .
they are specifically offering these articles even if you are not subscribed .
this is the opposite of assholedesign if you ask me .
fog is not dangerous unless you are in mountainous terrain which they were n't or do n't have the right equipment which they had .
and they had atc clearance meaning the weather was n't bad enough for the flight to be cancelled .
a helicopter is one of the safest possible modes of transport .
they have no effect on the performance of the aircraft .
this is gameplay of my teammates up in champ 2 gc solo queues ...
it can happen at any rank bronze to gc mis-reads whiffs cause chaos
could have fooled me and no i hate the chinese government .
and m kb make the game much better imo .
my friends and i actually did this to some girl once .
we do have an absolute limit but realistically most of us will be limited by other life factors well before that .
as far as what to do maintain strength set some different fitness goals etc .
as others have said similar but not the same .
i actually like the leo last very slightly better .
take the same size that works for you in barrie .
u/hammertime1995 your submission title is n't right for listentothis !
the ' ' spaces around the dash and the brackets around the genres must be included .
click on the 'delete ' option above to remove this before submitting again .
the submission guidelines are summarized on the submit page for quick reference .
the reasons for these community guidelines are explained in the subreddit introduction .
if reddit displays a message telling you to wait a little while before submitting again moderators are not able to assist with this .
this is a site-wide feature and the message will not appear once your account age and total karma exceed required thresholds .
verifying your email address http reddit.com/verify can help resolve this issue .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/listentothis if you have any questions or concerns .
especially after i went to all the effort of printing a t-shirt that says lol '' with an arrow pointing straight down and slightly to the right ?
oh poor you i really do n't like milkshake but i know how it feels not to be able to get the food you want
one day i will finally understand all of this twitch lingo .
pretty interested in how their new album is gon na sound if rutan joins .
i know alex writes a lot of the songs but erik writes some great stuff .
i love when bmore fans talk shit about our city .
well i 'm starting to realise why she rejected you .
you just take her no '' as an answer and do n't bother her ever again .
i 've had the ford fusion hybrid its good on gas but fill up is 45 and a gallon of gas is 3.20 must be nice to get gas for 5 cents .
they went from depending on pig fart savings for an entire year to light their homes once a year on lunar new year to jet setting with iphones and name brand luggage in only a few decades .
i like how they covered all of this in the house re constitutional grounds and what the framers intended etc .
but the defense ca n't use that because all of the actual constitutional scholars said it was impeachable .
3 multi rolls got robin dupe and new sr ark
i think you misunderstood i 'm not saying that we do n't have anything in common with snakes .
can you also share a zip download for this album ?
everyone believes in something i believe i 'll have another drink
i think elegance is ok but soft spikes ... oh god ... oh no
not being fortunate enough to roll delphi or gleo — what does a good lathna hjp build look like ?
i would n't do sealed at all on arena .
it 's waay higher risk than draft for lower reward .
and you absolutely do not break even on sealed if you lose all your games .
you need to win 6 games in sealed to at least break even on gems .
whereas draft referring to bo3 you only need to win 3 to break even and get 4 packs in top of the cards you drafted .
it actually used to be only 2 wins for that prize but they shoved it back one .
not to mention much much less dependent on luck of cards to win .
you can get crappy packs in sealed and opponent can get jesus christ .
the only benefit to sealed is you get an extra life .
however it 's still very bad in terms of risk/reward relative to draft .
on top of everything else draft is setup as bo3 which gives you even more control over your odds of winning .
it just makes zero sense recommend sealed over draft .
perhaps you break even in terms of packs and such but zero gems you 're completely screwed since you ca n't play again .
you absolutely have to break even on gems at minimum to get back the gems to continue to play .
as long as you focus strictly on breaking even on gems packs and everything else will come along the way .
getting 2000 gems worth of cards/packs is no way better than how much more you can get if you can keep playing .
the only way to even get gems is by playing bo1 draft .
even if you break even '' losing all games in sealed you just lost 2000 gems .
the only way to get gems needed to play again you have to first play constructed events to get at least 10,000 gold .
if you go all the way you will have 1900 gems .
however in order to get enough gems for sealed you will need to raise another 5,000 gold just to get the 100 extra gems needed .
and that is presuming you won all the way in the first two .
if you do n't win enough in bo1 draft to get 1500 gems you will have to raise another 5000 gold a few more times so you can go back in and play for more gems .
therefore when playing in events that require gems as an entry fee you have to completely make sure you 're breaking even on gems .
mastery pass might be something to consider if you think you might not do so well in bo3 draft .
i think if you get all the way you 're getting less than 2000 gems back .
so you 're still losing about 1500 gems no matter what .
however you 're also getting 4,000 gold and 20 packs in addition to cosmetic goodies .
that said 1000 play at a live local sealed pre-release competition .
typical venues in my area have upwards of 60 users show up for those .
the current set just released so you will have to wait a few months for the next one .
in order to get 20 packs in draft you have to win all the way at least 4 times or break even 5 times .
for slot 1/3/5 this is automatically the case which is 50 of the case .
for the remaining slots you are looking at a pool of 23 possible slot/mainstat combinations of which you exclude 9 3 flat stats for each slot 2/4/6 .
also the chance for innate stat but spd 55 surely is wrong but i have not explanation how that figure appeared and what the real figures are .
it was a hacked together system using what we had .
our new system sucks though and it depends on the grid .
op using reliability as a reason to plug into the grid was funny to octranspo so they joined the chat .
i was just poking a little fun at you for your memory .
it was not my intention to shame you in any way and please accept my apology if you took it that way .
all levels of the ccp have reason to lie .
people should take everything they say in the situation with a huge grain of salt .
confronting '' journalists and causing a ruckus in a flight is not going to gain you anything and only going to lose people 's support .
you lot would be screaming for arnab 's head if the roles were reversed .
hes not even on the same level as mac miller
if you tease it apart from the expressive for a new programmer perhaps too ''
return a seq of maps like name '' edward cullen '' glitter-index 10 ''
so the goal is to process a sequence of rows somehow .
sequence based on applying some function to each entry row of the input rows .
the row processing function will interpret the row as a sequence of k v pairs
it builds the map by associating each k in k v
to the converted value of convert k v where convert is unspecified .
transform a sequence of unmapped rows in to a sequence of processed maps
where each unmapped row corresponds to a sequence of k v pairs
and the corresponding processed map is like k convert k v ... .
if you eliminate the fluff and just focus on the data transformation i think an equivalent view is this which
leverags for and the threading macro to make the processing pipeline more staged and declarative
return a seq of maps like name '' edward cullen '' glitter-index 10 ''
turn row into kv pairs by applying vector nth vamp-key n nth row n
i personally found all the pop culture reference stuff and approachable '' writing added a lot of noise for me and is a caveat i have when recommend cftbat to new folks despite it being an excellent overall resource for clojure .
regarding your interpretation of reduce is on the right track .
we can use reduce to build a map by way of reduce conj a b c d there are other ways
where we pass reduce a reducing function conj of the form
fn acc x ... which in the case of assoc is more or less equivalent to
fn acc k v assoc acc k v an optional initial argument and a
reduce will then traverse the sequence of k v pairs invoking assoc acc k v yielding
the next accumulated value for acc when processing the next k v pair .
the end result is a map that 's been computed from repeat assoc calls
yes it will launch on the global server at the same time as jp
i didnt play them only tried 2 for sometime on pc but i guess we can go for it then thanks
with the vue 3 release we will all learn react automatically
why is a rubick casually laning against naix and ww in front t1 top tower 12:40 with somehow stolen infest anyway
esto no es solo de los peronchos lo he visto en licitaciones para el gobierno de la ciudad de buenos aires .
not sure the government has the best track record with helping queer youth with or without tax dollars
but if you eat that taco bell you eventually get a boost
still faster latency on ram is so low due to being connected directly to the memory controller on the cpu .
stuff like the m.2 still has to come through the pci express bus .
his hairline knocks a couple milli off the transfer fee the decline is incoming for him .
i still enjoy the game alot but have turned more into divisions and clan battles for the social aspect of the game .
i have also tried to go down to mid tiers instead of the frequent blowouts at t10 .
physically writing catching the eye with colors and writing things down as you think of it are all known strategies for effective organizing with adhd .
also hyper focus like building out overly complex notes is a symptom of adhd .
i had to move in with the last 25 of my grandparents two years ago .
my gram lives in this nightmare of a southern small town 84 baptist churches in a town of 20k despite being a very new jersey woman .
she 's suffering from dementia and all her little southern lady busybody friends '' kept asking me if i was trying to get her house when she dies these friends were just caretakers who did nothing while they overcharged her .
i was honestly just trying to save some for a few months but even so !
there was no way i was going to endure that backwards racist town for a 3/2 single-story with a backyard .
if that 's what it takes i 'd rather go broke renting which is coincidentally exactly what i 'm doing now .
i 'm just glad my aunt moved in and those busybody friends '' ca n't rip my gram off anymore .
the lime is a nice sweet citrus while the charcoal/magnesium is kinda like fresh laundry .
you 're implying that it 's super deadly and that we ca n't fight it off .
we have plenty of evidence saying that this is extremely genetically similar to sars which was survivable with proper treatment .
hey you never said mods could n't win this !
edit another user selected this date here https www.reddit.com/r/homeimprovement/comments/euhuwq/contest_the_1000000_subscribers_date_guessing_game/ffxg74p if it happens to be this date they win .
good luck getting the people of xios to back down .
the hatred for the turks is massive there they have not forgotten the atrocities the turks unleashed on them for hundreds of years .
he is either very good or in a string of a beginners luck .
l7 is trash due to its unhistorical ammo implementation anyway .
it takes god knows how many shots to kill anything because gaijin has no clue how apds or hesh work .
i disagree this way the feet are scrolling the feed .
you 'd have to turn the character too if you did this and that would lose some of the charm .
so if he bought a furry does that mean hes a furry ?
maybe you 're depressed does birth control make women not want to have sex with you ?
honestly he should just upgrade both but i get that isnt always viable
who do you think is handing out samples at costco ?
i 've gotten absolutely sick and tired of smoking because i was n't getting any pleasure out of it anymore just some chest pain and frustration at the fact that over the fact that the substance controlled me more than i controlled it .
the frustration was strong enough for me to quit cold turkey and not crave cigarettes at all for a few months .
i have quit cold turkey for 3-4 times before that due to the same negative feelings .
because i was getting cravings at about the 4-5 month mark and i was telling myself that one cigarette would not hurt .
last time i quit 2 years ago i told myself i 'd not repeat the same mistake and i 'd resist the urge to smoke that one cigarette whenever it would pop up .
after a while i stopped getting these cravings altogether and i doubt i 'll ever pick up the habit again .
it would give me a huge confidence boost but i 'm leaning towards to just leave it be .
if i do n't attract to a woman on a physical level by any means i think it would be a waste of time on the long and short run too .
but it depends on how desperate you are for them
it is n't too much effort but it can be a bit of a headache sometimes .
i was just a bit concerned seeing as not many other channels were doing it .
i 'm assuming it 's just a bit of luck rather than it being an issue with using translations ?
i 've noticed most of my competitors who are up and coming do n't use it so i was just looking for some correlation i guess .
why play it when you can have in on a wall as i always say
go help communitarian aid centres once in a while be consistent 2. educate yourself something agar from violent stuff maybe art music cooking ... 3. pick up some healthy habits .
nothing is sexier that loving yourself 2-3 and be compassionate to others .
giving your infrastructure to china 's government may not be good leadership though .
trump is a dumb piece of shit but huwei isnt necessarily working for the good of britain .
11 straight division titles ... 8 straight afc championship appearances .
i ca n't believe the level of whining about this season .
any other fan base would give their left arms for the last 2 decades .
do we have a commonly accepted community term for spawn freezing/glitch forcing one to leave the game and hope to rejoin squad mates before another random fills the server ?
i have no idea but if the new system is 499 and i get an elite series 2 controller i 'm covered between what i already have in gift cards and what i can redeem .
the right one is way better than the left one
the thing is about riven is your skill deteriorates on the champ over time without playing her no matter what .
if you do n't practice her or play her frequently i think it 's really easy to trap yourself by thinking she 's a pocket pick but just end up inting when you finally pull her out .
my advice if you want to get her into your champ pool without going full onetrick status just play her in practice tool for like 5 to 10 minutes every day even if you do n't plan on playing her that day .
this way your mechanics on the champ will stay crispy and honestly i think doing harder riven combos in practice tool is a good warmup anyways doing fast combos for a few minutes always gets my mouse dexterity on point before i play .
avoid being scammed and read this wiki about it http www.reddit.com/r/fifautcoins/wiki/avoidscammers .
do not trade unless the person who wants to trade with you comments in this thread and links to their r/futrep profile !
otherwise they are probably banned scammers no matter their excuse .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fifautcoins if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't believe we forgive people one at a time .
we just forgive and until we are at the end in what the course calls the real world '' we will need to forgive over and over .
the whole purpose of this world and of other people is to enable us to feel unfairly treated .
we all have a large bag of grievances which we protect and carry around as if it were a bag of gems .
whenever we feel we may be moving closer to god and to love we quickly reach in the bag and pull out one of those grievances .
what we pull out may be an old problem or a new one it does n't matter .
think of the times you found yourself getting angry at something that happened to you when you were six or seven .
the goal of the course 's forgiveness is to help us gradually step by step to become less afraid of god and less often feel that we need to go into the bag .
i am proud to call u a comrade no not just a comrade but a friend
they can make you feel unsafe for any reason plus homophobia
many tplink routers do n't support tls 1.1 and soon chromium which is chrome and edge now will block 1.1 and below .
who does n't test their own sites with devtools open ?
every quarter we visit our sites with the devtools open to see if chrome complains about anything .
it 's moreso playful bickering but he 's also quite moody .
together it seems like we do n't spend as much happy time together .
so we might be joking about cooking and he 'll poke a little fun at the fact that i do n't cook very well then i 'll joke back that it 's true but at least i 'm a healthy eater with my rabbit food ...
it 's little things that end up with a lot of sarcastic low key digs at each other .
then he often gets moody and silent if i do n't have sex with him if i do n't respond right to certain things .
he often goes from happy affectionate loving to quiet and distant and will rarely communicate why ...
even though i 've told him many times this makes me more anxious and does n't help me change if i 'm doing something that bothers him .
there are a few issues i think i 'll make a separate post and outline them .
i ca n't tell if it 's because we 're spending so much time together/growing pains or if it 's incompatibility showing up .
shep could have chosen to not follow alliance protocol .
the only reason shep does is.. because it 's shepard !
no protocol that needs another protocol running parallel to it is excellent '' .
that just does n't work very well in modern internet .
nat sucks but it is a reality we wo n't escape for at least decades that and shitty firewalls ... .
now rfc5761 https tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5761 would theoretically fix it but then it is back to problem of some firewalls just allowing 80/443 few other known ports and nothing more .
when he 's carving the pole on the lathe .
and you 're laying underneath with you mouth open so the shavings just fall in your mouth !
i 've been sexually assaulted and i would never go back to where it happened .
if she was that worried about him why would she want to even step foot on the property regardless of how many people live there ?
considered taking him out but looked at the fixtures after southampton .
i 'm happy keeping him to get at least part of that good fixture run .
they are there check picture 4 on nexus mod u can even choose which effect u want for critical
and since europe 's also said the 29th it means after 6pm est at the earliest .
i mean we are not deep at te we need bodies .
it was a major weakness for us back half of the season .
let 's not pretend that this was some altruistic benevolent act from a soft-hearted gangster .
this was so he could stay in favor with the people so they would be less inclined to turn against him and go to the police .
trainer tip adding a friend code and your trainer name in the body of your post has several benefits
mobile users will have an easier time selecting copypasting your friend code .
when nearing ultra or best friends redditors can easily find contact you
tip when adding someone save their thread and contact them with the magic of ctrl+f and the https old.reddit.com/user your_username saved page
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemongofriends if you have any questions or concerns .
i have no xuan wu friends to chain with .
when we lose the apple tax case this year we 'll have plenty of money to spend .
and when europe forces us to tax corporations we 'll have plenty more for the rest of the governments term .
we 'll have our scandiwegian services in no time .
if you actually hit the action key to try and hit the ds and you miss you do n't get another .
i seriously have to look away or skip that part it 's so bad !
then eventually get aghs and spawn tunes for cores .
always sit back and use bubble as a save .
someone who did n't do anything wrong who then leaves a review with the facts esh ?
if amzn could go up 100 points that would be ok
brexit will be done ... because the government will stop using the term brexit and their sycophants in the media will follow along .
of course we 'll still be having to come up with international trade deals but that will be treated as a different sort of nasty other to rally against .
very rare to find racers like this.. general rule they jus like to ram everyone out of the road to win .
i commute my late night options are mcdicks on 43 or my fridge .
was the background with that circular light thing done in after effects or on c4d too ?
also any tips on how to get the hair to look like that ?
if you 'd like to make it nice dig it out a little line it with landscape fabric and fill it with rock
i 'm lucky i mostly really like my coworkers besides this one know it all .
i 'm a huge head nodder when trying to tune her out until she 's finished .
with xemnas i just love how epic and fast paced it is with so much of the battle taking place in the air and quickly moving all over the battle area .
it honestly feels like you 're in an anime .
i get a similar feeling with xion 's fight but with xion 's in particular i love the music .
also while it can be really frustrating i like the difficulty added with her lasers that cut down your max hp .
while master xehanort and yozora do it too xion uses it the most .
it really makes you think carefully about when to use formechanges and link summons because you can also use them to reset your health bar .
now i have a few others but only the angels are a full company with lots of deathwing and ravenwing help .
just listened to it on the way to work and all i could think was how good it stands as music for musics sake .
not to suggest video game music is something less '' than other music just that i know few people who casually listen to video game music without already being fans of the game it 's from .
klepacki 's music makes me think of the alan parson 's project .
i can see different tracks being sampled and repurposed well beyond their original context just because it 's that versatile .
he 's not just a good musician tied to great games but the c c series are great games lucky enough to have a great musician involved in the project .
but they should n't if they 're throwing twitter hissy fits about fans listening to their music without paying ...
let 's not forget that for everything great lenny did for comedy the man had issues .
i like their friendship not everyone has to bang .
but i think midge deep down knows he would not be a good mate because of the darkness in his soul .
i wonder if the series will dive in deeper .
i 've been a virginal loser for 20 years now and i could have just raped myself into marriage ?
if you play mw play it with an open mind as it 's not the traditional cod you 're used to .
it can be fun but they need to fix the spawns and other server issues .
it however does not save on money since i have to replace them because they cut them selves
this thing is supposed to fly up in under a week ! !
like a few feet away from geralt 's actual position ?
will this illusion protect him from any horizontal arcing swing from guts ?
i 'm here from the death guard sub to see what you all thought of this glad we 're not the only ones really confused .
yeah it was anarchy all along pratt and president streets .
i thought there must be an accident closing a lane somewhere but there never was .
i checked waze after i got past it all and there were no reports of accidents
it 's to train you into believe in everything you are told and follow all orders .
bide you 're time play it smart and find any and all loopholes to make your life better
while i doubt i use this on my bicycle ... ..i see a huge use for this on our boat .
we usually stream music from the phone to the stereo and there is a huge difference in desired volume between idle cruise and wfo .
green fields yellow river black beaches and the ocean beautiful iceland !
i know that hifiman is a bad example due to their notoriously poor qc but when my driver blew on my sundara they had no problems taking it back only charging me the cost of return shipping about 20 to the us .
what pisses me off about this audeze situation is that the headphones were designed to be the way that they are with air pressure so how the fuck is it the consumers fault when that design causes a failure ?
cis is a neutral term for people who are n't trans .
so transgender people are people who do n't identify with the gender they were assigned at birth .
then cisgender people are people who do identify with the gender they were assigned at birth .
it 's better than normal '' or real woman '' because those terms make it seem like trans people are abnormal or deceptive .
unfortunately my uncle who i used to highly respect is all 3 .
i think we need to see how ccp is fitting the server .
first seen here https redd.it/aef2we on 2019-01-10 95.31 match .
visit r/repostsleuthbot i 'm not perfect but you can help .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post_id '' etusi0 '' meme_template '' null
ah yes because antibiotics are clearly far more of a threat than sars or mers .
only 1 in 10 posts can be self promotional .
this is our last attempt to make money off of it ''
odds are your doctor knows more that the 30 year olds on this subreddit
it 's painful when you hit an ares door 3 times and never get offered the cast or you equip his trinket but never get it offered which i 'm assuming it 's a bug
when you 've had kids and you 're aging no matter how much you work out skin can get a little loose so much so that sometimes it 's better to keep a little weight on you .
danielle was in amazing physical shape for her age but loose skin and plastic surgery show her age .
i saw it 10 years ago and now i 'm getting to that age and it makes me paranoid of how i might actually look though i have a few more pounds on me .
shoot me a message and i 'll shoot the inv or vice versa .
i spent a harrowing night on g40 on monday trying to get into shanghai .
what is normally a 5 hour trip was estimated at 7-8 hours initially which was expected at the end of the cny holiday with everyone returning back to the city to work .
we traveled with my wife our relative driver and 2 small children one of which was 6 months old .
after 10 hours we arrived at the edge of shanghai 60km from the airport and we were at a stand still .
ditu maps said there was an accident and that it would take 2 hours to cross the first 9km bridge .
we played along but after 2 hours we had not traveled even .25k and ditu maps still said it was 2 hours to cross the bridge .
worried our 6 month olds well being and our lack of preparation to be in a car with her overnight we made many calls to police and emergency road services .
no one cared and would lift a finger to do anything .
after 14 hours in the car we were out of food for the baby no one cared to help us and it was beginning to look like we could be stuck there for 10 or 12 more hours .
finally i convinced our driver to take the emergency lane since i felt we had an emergency .
i had to get out many times to ask people to let us pass telling them our situation .
2 hours later we were able to get across the bridge to get to the accident a temperature checking post where they narrowed three lanes of cars down to one lane .
there was no advance warning ditu maps had no true information and misled us about the time by a life threatening degree police and emergency services did not give af you could not uturn we had one choice break the law or have a baby slip away from us .
so maybe the roads into shanghai were not exactly closed but they may as well be unless you think sitting 8 or more hours in a traffic queue is normal .
note i do not have a reddit history and i like to remain as anonymous as possible so some of you may think i am fear mongering but i do n't care .
i can not speak about the actual threat of the virus itself but the country 's reaction to it alone is real and very frightening in itself .
after getting the 58x tho i ca n't help but think so at least incomparision
we require a minimum account age and karma as a spam deterrent .
messaging us to ask what they are will result in a warning .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/theratio if you have any questions or concerns .
crazy the place where i intern actually uses that exact same hardware for their day-to-day operations .
fair in the case of potholes then but how about things like overgrown hedges obstructing road signs ?
we have a decent number of those and it 's prohibited to shear hedges and stuff that are n't yours .
we do anyway because it 's better to be safe ...
they probably just add another jonin to teach them or they 'll just have classes sizes that are multiple of 3 .
multiple times most people where i live are jerks either looking for trouble or being homophobes
so what actually happened he drop his helmet for a rig or he bought the wrong one or what
i put a 1/2 '' fiberglass rod in the fore end and set it in epoxy .
it did n't help that much honestly better off getting a boyd 's blemish to be honest .
you 're walking around in the game looking at the environment etc .
no more sounds then color fades then the picture fades to black .
you do n't even bother to take the headset off .
you do n't have the desire to do anything .
been listening to this a lot since kobe passed so i thought i would post it
perfect size and warmth for those days that turn into cool evenings .
it was black with grey stars and reverse on the other side .
i hunted all fall and winter but plaid and some weird materials i did not like was apparently all the rage this year .
its alright men wo n't find it so they be safe
so you are a libertarian that supports corporate influence in politics ?
i had the same problem in the beginning until i found out that i had to enable it in the controller settings
i heard a girl drew a picture of one of the characters from to show but slightly less fat and posted it to reddit and she tried to kill herself because of all the hate she got
i did n't vote in the referendum or general election since i do n't live in the uk any more and do n't have a personal stake in it 's future .
my rationale was for potentially voting brexit in the context of pressure being put on financial sectokr .
that said what part of my post made you think i would want to vote tory !
tories never wanted brexit either until it was 'popular ' cameron only offered the vote never believing for one moment we 'd vote out it was just to clear the ukip noise .
the proposition of leaving europe itself makes me sad i like europe but despise the grip of the uk establishment aided closely by the financial sector even more .
the tumultuous changes that brexit will bring may be the only political force that could ultimately depose and harm them .
if it 'll fit you workman has inexpensive quality rainwear for bikes/motorcycles .
i 'm wearing a viking rain suit i imported from the states that with shipping and customs was 1man
just a friendly reminder to keep it civil in here .
this is a place for us to share and discuss women in reasonable armour without the overt sexualization and totally unrealistic artistic liberties we normally see in pop culture .
several comment threads have been removed because they were either creepy and sexual or way too political and devolving into pointless flame wars .
let 's keep things positive and constructive going forwards .
looking at a telescopic controller for a rog phone 2 .
i 've been looking at the ipega 9083 but it looks almost too big ?
i also saw the ipega 9167 however this seems to be hard to get hold of in the uk .
innovation '' is typically overvalued at the expense of more plodding maintenance and habitually exaggerated .
originally i ordered then from somewhere else shop in the same country as i but after 10 days it turned out they were out of stock and more would arrive in like a month so i decided to order from dartstore.fi instead .
i thought that too at first but if the buildings were sold cheap enough a property like that could fetch serious rent in dublin city center if it was sold as a commercial unit or something
love to see a vid of it getting some attention
reach out to the teams in your area and express your interest in joining .
if they do n't ask about the past then it is n't your obligation to offer it up .
you also said it yourself that each county has different requirements .
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
for those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit please click here https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist to review our details as to whitelist and outlet criteria .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
honestly you should 've started with the anti-centrism vids know your enemy know your extremist anticentrist praxis etc before throwing him into centricide .
never really done anything with stockx but i put a bid up 2 weeks ago for the first time and i keep getting emails that there 's a new lowest price but the price is always the same .
yeah just have a chat about it it 's probably just not a thing for him x
i dunno in my current project greenfield series of services deployed under k8s and deploying still other services under it maybe the first 4 weeks where framework stuff and almost everything since has been working on our own domain stuff
correct see my comment above for an example of the calculation
i do n't believe there 's a good '' way to do it short of maybe deep frying it again even that might not work well .
i have the best luck in a convection oven an air fryer is basically a small convection oven so you could try one of those if your main oven is not convection .
i was like '' did she hid him with the purse ? ''
it does n't matter if you try just card or paypal from card your bank will block it .
you can try calling your bank and they might unlock your card for shady purchases for 24h otherwise write application where you ask bank not to protect yourself from potential scam transactions at least that 's how it is with mine .
the workaround is to add funds to your paypal balance from bank/card and select payapl balance as preferred payment option .
then paypal should work at least it did for me .
please remember to post a source or artist name for your submission in the comments .
failure to do so may result in your post being removed or you being banned for consitently not crediting artists .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/traphentai if you have any questions or concerns .
using java to hack a game externally pretending stability and performance is no sense .
the large issues about rat poison is a reality .
it 's a great experimentation and a great initiative but is n't the perfection .
you 're definitely gon na get a top prize .
this is my favourite so far since it runs the same conversation multiple times with and without subtitles and it asks a question that requires you to fully understand what has been said .
conversations are very short so i can play the lesson a couple of times to study and attempt to mimic as well .
bernie sanders vows to endanger and impoverish you and your family by making it easier for criminals to unknowingly cross the border ''
lost that shit over 10 years ago and still miss it .
reminds me of a guy who felt betrayed by a girl having a sex life even though he projected purity fantasies on her .
when i was a kid getting in trouble for swearing i was told to clean my mouth out ...
if only the soap was like this i 'd be eating it 24/7
pretty clean but there 's not really anything that stands out to me and says damn that is fire i want to cop/style this '' .
i do n't think there 's a big difference between any 3 of the cards including the blessing but black is just the deepest colour so that 'd be my tiebreaker .
it wo n't happen at all if the mitigations cost more than the benefits .
the only problem is i would laugh when my kid fell and most times he would laugh too .
except of course were those times he was really hurt and i just stood there laughing at him .
first thing i thought when i saw this skill .
one shot is n't enough to be worth it .
maybe would 've been cool on some bl2 snipers or something .
asked to stand in the corner of a round room
saw boobs for the first time so that was cool
as some of you know many users ca n't get it to connect with the last version .
on monday night 's antiques roadshow episode an air force veteran 's 1971 rolex oyster cosmograph was given an appraisal of up to 700,000 .
after literally falling over the man replied you got ta be sh g me .
unbelievable. he had paid 345.97 for it back in 1974 while stationed overseas in thailand .
according to the appraiser that type of watch is in demand from collectors because paul newman wore a similar one in the movie winning. it did n't hurt that the unidentified veteran rarely touched the watch in the forty-plus years that he 's owned it .
as well his version is further elevated in value because it has oyster '' printed on the face referring to the screw-down buttons on the side of the watch .
i strain my raw kombucha as i bottle it for f2 but within a day there are scobys and yeast stands all though my kombucha .
it 's really gross and it can be time consuming to strain each bottle indivually again .
i just did such a deep cut and i 'm freaking out .
my mum is probably going to make me show her my wrists and then she 'll take my other blade but i need to cut i ca n't cope without it .
i 'm new to amd cpus and am not sure what these settings do .
right now c-state control is disabled and cool n quiet is set to auto but i 've been told that i should enable them both .
what exactly do they do and why should i enable them ?
i 'm looking for a poem about love or partnership .
slice-of-life more modern pieces is what seems to fit the best .
this is gon na be a long post with too much info .
i want to set the stage and provide as much info as possible so i can get the best advice .
i made a throwaway for this topic for obvious reasons .
i am a fairly new baby gay only 14 months of gay sex .
i did a grindr experimented '' to see if i would like bottoming as much as the fantasies in my head .
found a nice guy after 2 days or so on grindr that understood i had no experience was a virgin and wanted to be topped one that turned out to be very attractive to me i have a type what can i say .
anyways needless to say the experiment went well and he seemed into me and was willing to break me in and train me .
this quickly turned into a fwb situation where we were exclusive and eventually we became committed boyfriends .
so i got as boyfriend out of grindr in 1 try shocking i know .
i tell you this to illustrate my pure lack of experience with different men and ultimately different dicks .
i also have no gay friends and no one to talk to about this hence why i turn to you gaybros .
my inexperience also means i do n't really know what is normal '' or average '' when it comes to various aspects of sex .
i learned quickly how to douche thanks to this sub and the always posted how-to image .
out of fear of accidents i always opted to do the more thorough methods using the shower hose most of the time .
it usually takes 45 minutes to 1.5 hours to do this and is very draining uncomfortable makes me sore and nauseous and probably bad for me since we have sex about 2-4 times per week .
despite this accidents occur far more often than i think they should especially considering what i 've read on this sub .
i fill myself up with water until it becomes uncomfortable over and over until the water is clear .
i 've tried the enema bulb method as well .
i 've come to realize my bf is pretty long winded or at least that 's what i gather from reading this sub .
he is usually fucking me for 30 minutes to 1.5 hours total per session .
he is 8.5 '' and pretty thick for reference if it matters .
even after extreme douching sessions sometimes my body fails me and an accident occurs .
it 's extremely embarrassing and obviously ruins the mood and ends the session .
to be clear he is 100 cool about it and insists over and over it does n't bother him at all .
in fact he takes the blame for not cumming quicker .
this does n't change the fact that it really bothers me and makes me feel like i failed him or i 'm incompetent at cleaning myself .
barring accidents he has always cums inside me and we both love it .
he finishes in missionary 95 of the time as it 's our favorite .
i never want to ruin his pleasure or tap out .
i want to know what is causing these accidents .
i 'm at my wits end and already over-douche as is .
i do n't know why it happens more frequently than this sub claims it should .
is the prolonged pounding just loosening my guts up ?
i need to get better about fiber intake i know that .
but even if i was 100 regular about it i still would be very wary to have sex without the extreme '' douching method .
i have tried taking psyllium husk supplements which work but accidents have still occurred .
i feel like using my enema bulb to get rid of only the first chamber '' wo n't be enough considering accidents are occurring with the much more extreme method .
most of my accidents are watery with particles in them .
my bf can feel when they occur and we 've both noticed warning signs from my body that it 's gon na occur .
usually farts '' which i suspect is air that has been pushed in there not normal gas occur and within 20 minutes an accident occurs .
i suspect the thorough douching is getting too much water in me and it eventually gets shaken loose/moved through my system during intercourse .
i just do n't have enough experience with different men and have no one to talk to about this and really want to find some method that works for me .
the constant anxiety of an accident occurring definitely takes away from my enjoyment of it .
i would love to be able to not have to worry constantly .
i 'll gladly provide more information if it will help .
share your knowledge and experience with me so i can be a better bottom for the man i love .
am i trolling someone/messing with someone i 'll never see again ?
yes very easy i can approach them and do the most embarrassing thing possible .
speak to that girl you like that approached you ?
i struggle with headaches and migraines and i 'm super picky about pillows and the boppy is my favorite ever .
i think i need to find a more neutral cover for it though now that i 'm definitely not breastfeeding anymore .
the whimsical circus animal print does n't really match my bedroom decor .
so what 's the significance to 20 or 10 and 10 ?
i have been stuck with both the pacific standard and the doomsday heists .
i 'm thinking about eventually getting a phd in church history .
can you guys recommend any good reformed presbyterian seminaries ?
when computers were somewhat expensive and smart phones that were capable of using the internet with any effectiveness were rare the internet was better .
investment in a pc that also needed an internet connection kept a lot of the riffraff out .
having a real barrier to entry meant that not every idiot who can afford a payment plan on a 300 phone with a data plan shared their opinions with the world .
i miss it and wish i could go back as i did n't realize how good i had it .
did you know that the chances of you winning a game increase by 50 if you ban akali ?
been finding some really great books lately but they have all been shorter than i would like .
i read pretty fast so decent sized books take me just a couple days however the books i 've found only take me maybe half a day .
looking for something new and exciting that would hopefully take at least a couple days if not longer for me to enjoy .
also looking for longer books/series that i have n't read before .
i made a post here probably around 2 weeks ago .
i did n't go through with it because i chickened out at the last minute .
but honestly this is just a cry for help .
i just hate myself so much and i wish that i did n't sometimes .
i swear any little thing could be the reason i just give up at this point .
i do n't want to do this but i feel like i have to .
flightslogic will design develop host and deliver automation systems to the flight and travel industries including the latest flight reservation systems https www.flightslogic.com/flight-reservation-system.php which provide modern flexible reservations and inventory management solutions for flights which including call centers travel agencies and the internet ticket sales and real-time bookings .
our standard solution provides an integrated departure control system with a very easy to use interface for rapid passenger check-in and real-time access to reservations .
inventory schedule fares and agent control modules provide a complete solution for flights to manage their bookings and ticket reservations .
please visit https flightslogic.com https flightslogic.com and email us at contact flightslogic.com mailto contact flightslogic.com
sports360az https www.sports360az.com is a platform of sports news shows stories in arizona usa .
listen to the brad cesmat show weekday from 10 am 12 pm talking arizona sports news more national featuring guests like michael fabiano peter king and more .
at least i think i can interprete their face with an open mouth and ? ! ''
edelgard then tells byleth that they 're allies now as if that 's new information .
but edelgard already told them that she was the flame emporer and as the flame emporer she called the death knight her subordinate in chapter 8 and gave him orders in chapter 6 .
so byleth should 've been already aware that they 're now fighting on the same side as the death knight .
according to the merriam-webster dictionary and excluding the ecclesiastical definitions
1a someone or something intensely disliked or loathed —usually used as a predicate nominative ... this notion was anathema to most of his countrymen.— stephen jay gould
... these writers use the word in ways that do n't correspond to its conventional definition
b eing feminine in the workplace was anathema an obstacle ? to getting ahead .
officialdom has always seemed anathema to to oppose ? contemporary art which seems to thrive in adversity .
but to deny one class of citizens the freedom to marry based on their sexual orientation is discriminatory – anathema in opposition to ? to the great tradition of freedom and equal opportunity ... new york daily news http www.nydailynews.com/opinion/conservative-case-gay-marriage-gop-party-intolerance-article-1.128826
while they may be correct that they are not used to the exact meaning of the word all of these seem to be quite logical and correct to me the grammarist article claims they are incorrect .
with all the examples it only requires the personification of the subject at hand in the first one
the act of getting ahead detests those who are women
suppression of gay rights is vehemently hated by the personification of freedom and equal opportunity .
anybody have a read on this i ca n't be the only one who disagrees ?
ruling a road with a neat and clean car is an amazing feeling .
you can enhance your driving experience by providing it the service of exppress car wash. we are proud to open a new outlet of exppress car wash in madurai https www.exppresscarwash.com/locateouroutlets.aspx with all advanced technologies and eco-friendly products .
you can avail of various service opportunities like complete exterior cleaning detailing services interior cleaning and vacuuming car coating and others .
visit us today for the best offers and services .
i like the content but then can never post bc it 's like spam but i see spam on here still despite the big brothers of reddit .
having worked in many different roles within the company linson enjoys helping customers find flooring that fits their needs and specifications .
as a sales manager linson ensures that communcation and project delivery is on time within budget and also completed to a very high quality standard finish .
linson manages the power dekor team and so if you need any help or advice for a seasoned professional you can contact him or the team by visiting our website .
i like a good laugh at others ' misfortune on this sub just as much as the next redditor but i want to take a moment to appreciate the occasional bright spots in duty finder .
just ran as blm in doma castle so of course the aoe marker from the final boss had to fall on me rip leylines .
i ran to the opposite corner from my team to drop the marker .
as i was running back the healer actually rescue d me back to the group so i could get back to casting just a bit earlier .
that 's it really and i 'm still smiling about it 20 minutes later .
i only wish he had n't left so quickly i could n't give him my commendation .
thank you for being the healer i did n't even know needed .
today time is very competition in a bussiness and sales .
so company adapting diffrent diffrent type stratigis for advertise.ppc sevices http gorgeoustip.com/run-your-paid-ads-with-best-ppc-services-company-in-delhi is the one of them .
hair replacement in bangalore http hairfixingbangalore.com now a days is becoming a famous in young generation as it incorporates taking out little bits of hair-bearing head joins from a benefactor site and moving them to a bare or misfortune region .
on the off chance that you and your primary care physician have distinguished that hair trade are the best alternative for you you can have a sense of security understanding that board-guaranteed corrective doctors have been productively executing this sort of procedure for over three decades .
baldness is frequently considered capable on poor stream to the head nutrient deficiencies dry skin and even outrageous hair wearing .
these ideas have been demonstrated to not be right .
it 's additionally off base that locks misfortune can be distinguished by taking a gander at your hopeful moms grandpa or that 40-year-elderly people men who have not lost their locks will never lose it .
hair replacement in bangalore https preview.redd.it/4ydzylt5tnd41.jpg ? width=1024 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=2076109ec274a20e3fef1c25378d175ee97032bd
this is the 28286th time i made this shitty comment .
hello i am currently a college student working part-time and through internships and want to contribute to a roth ira with spare money after emergency funds .
i was just a bit confused about irs 's wording on taxable income '' .
is roth ira 's contribution limit dependent on taxable income or adjusted gross income ?
due to deductions as a student my taxable income is 0 so does that mean i ca n't contribute to a roth ira ?
i 've got a dexamphetamine script for adhd which works really well .
in 4 years of psychiatry counselling and the lot this has been the only thing that 's helped .
however it 's made me lose a ton of weight 15 kilos and i 'm now really underweight to the point where my health is terrible .
my psych 's already halved the dose is supplementing with intuniv er guanfacine which does nothing apparently has some mediocre withdrawals .
i do occasionally use it 'recreationally ' but more so to stay awake for classes ca n't wake up but that 's another thing .
i wo n't lie to myself i think i 've developed a bit of a psychological addiction .
i need to gain weight asap but eating is really .. uncomfortable i 'm sort 've stuck in a cycle of not eating from being queasy and being queasy from not eating .
the thought of food is unpleasant for lack of a better word and eating just feels bad .
are there any foods you guys have found easy to eat ?
i was thinking on the bus mashed potatoes or more soft food sounds nice but have n't trialed it yet .
i do n't really care too much about being healthy i know i should but i just need a quick fix in the meantime .
tl dr dexamphetamine lost way too much weight need quick weight gain tips 'easy ' foods asap .
jungling in league of legends holy fuck talk about a thankless job .
downy bot lane constantly overextends with no wards and keeps getting ganked ?
nah it 's my fault because i 'm not ganking for them constantly .
as if i 'm their fucking babysitter who needs to keep a constant eye on them at all times .
you know not like there 's 2 other lanes i need to worry about .
top keeps dying 1v1 but swears he can win if he just got one gank ?
oh yeah because i 'm totally going to gank a fucking 5/0/1 mundo with no cc and you have n't bought executioner 's blade yet .
i 'm sure that 'll go perfectly fine as if i wo n't just waste my fucking time while noct is eat bot lane 's asses while we 're up there wailing on an unkillable wall of flesh and drool .
mastery 9 yasuo main in the mid lane holy fuuuuuuuuck do n't get me started .
the fuckhead feeds katarina of all champions and why does he do this why does he keep pushing and trying to fight her when he keeps failing ?
haha it 's more fun when it 's a hard lane '' hahahaha i honestly hope your computer explodes in your fucking face .
games like that are not fun for anybody a fed katarina can easily 1v5 the entire team and you feed her 4 kills plus do n't ping your lane when she 's missing so she helps noct rip bot lane a new seventh asshole ?
and yet despite all of this despite all of them pushing their lanes and dying constantly feeding the enemy laners so hard there is 0 chance i can even kill them if i gank for them it is still my fucking fault because fuck me i guess .
literally any fucking reason these mouth breathing morons can think of to pin on me as the reason they 're 0/7 at 15 minutes they will swear it to the ends of the earth .
i 'm ganking lanes like crazy getting people kills not pushing their waves too much or taking too many minions ?
i 'll hardly hear a thank you '' or anything like that i might get an emote and that 's about it .
end of the game everyone is honoring the fucking support for pressing r or for dying the least .
honestly jungling is the most thankless job in all of league of legends if people are losing lane it 's your fault and if they 're winning lane they take all the credit .
but i climbed to plat 4 jungling it 's what i 'm best at and i 'm not letting some fucking twits get me down .
come to my downtown hotel get on your knees suck my cock until i cum go .
what 's the way you pumped when you started with bm ?
once plugged in do you do small pumps or deep pumps ?
is the idea that bm can hangs without hands or is n't it really possible because of the weight of the device+water .
looking at heading to birch lake this fall spending about a week paddling around .
from what i can see on google earth the majority of the shoreline looks open to camping .
anyone have some knowledge they can drop on me about the area ?
thank you for taking the time to look at my situation !
i would like your help changing my plan as follows downgrade the tv/movie plan to the basic/minimum possible .
i would like to keep my internet plan right where it is with the possibility of upgrading it to the next tier if the overall savings is sufficient .
if you look at our payment history you will note quite a few late payment notices .
it has become increasingly difficult for us to keep up with the payments and we simply ca n't continue like this .
we would very much like to remain comcast\_xfinity customers however if we ca n't reduce our plan to an affordable level our only remaining option would be to cancel services and make a call to verizon .
any assistance you can offer in this matter will be greatly appreciated !
thank you again for your time i look forward to your response .
i.e the two people found in hawaii recently were on the news does the police just send info to news sites ?
if you want early access please fill out the form on https peterhacedj2019.wixsite.com/website-2/blog https peterhacedj2019.wixsite.com/website-2/blog
i used the turkish cast on and it 's a simple stockinette sock .
i realized the purl bumps are on the outside and not the v 's so know i 'm not sure what to do .
a little background up until last september i was on continuous birth control skipping the placebo pills at my doctors recommendation for about 6 years .
stopped bcp in september and have been trying for 4 full cycles just started cycle 5 .
my question/concern is that while my period came back right away and is very regular in terms of my ovulation timing and cycle length it only lasts about 2 days and it 's very light .
i also reached out to my ob but wanted to see if anyone had experiences with short/light periods .
there are 3 things that hold an importance above all else to me and in my life my family friends my study/clerkship and basketball .
about 4 years ago when i was 18 i poured my heart into a scholarship piece about the culture of basketball and whether it had become more important than the game .
this piece discussed much more than just the game – the clothing tattoos music and shoes – that i 'm sure many of us fans also find ourselves consumed by .
i started this piece by recounting myself as a young 8 year old boy sprinting home from school to watch my idol kobe bryant leave everything he had out on the floor each and every night .
as someone from a family where basketball was not a big thing i was tasked with learning and immersing myself into its culture from this young age with little guidance .
the purple and gold introduced me to magic who had me in absolute awe .
and then of course like most young children my age lebron .
i did n't understand what it was to be a laker fan i was just a little boy who was a basketball fan .
i knew of laker history but i did n't understand what it meant .
as i grew with my fandom – which has since become an obsession i began to idolize each player for different reasons .
magic is charisma and smiles lebron is pure selflessness ai not being afraid to be yourself timmy is simplicity and understanding the little things dirk is ingenuity but kobe he is something else .
kobe is saying the truth even when it hurts even when it means people are n't going to like you .
young me saw this but did n't understand what it is meant .
the way he embraced the last few years of his career and seamlessly eased into retirement kobe became so much more to me .
kobe is an unmatched love for the game of basketball where he wants nothing more but to celebrate it its talents and the unity it brings .
he is the shoes the tattoos the swag the music its all him .
he embodied basketball culture like no other and for that i thank you .
thank you for giving me a sport to play with my friends to compete with my brothers to go to war at with my family to feel love passion and pain for a franchise that welcomed you and a city that made you their own .
thank you for showing me that hard work and dedication is what will separate me from others regardless if its on or of the court .
but most of all the 8 year old boy who sprinted home from school every day thanks you for introducing me to a sport that has dictated almost every facet of my life as a 21 year old today .
i hope with whatever i end up doing ill make you proud .
so i 'm having somewhat of an issue i was hoping you guys could help me with .
i 'm currently writing this incredible novel it 's like objectively really good which is going to be an instant classic .
my writing style is unmatched the plot is amazing and the plot twist at the end is just ... wow !
but my problem is that with my current job i 'm between jobs right now and have been for the last two years and my extremely time-consuming hobby i 'm a cloudwatcher i lay on my back staring at the clouds and write down in a notebook what i think the clouds look like i just do n't have enough free time to work on my novel .
to be honest i have n't even started writing it yet .
if everyone who reads this post could write just one chapter for me you are of course welcome to write more than one chapter and mail them to me i 'd be very very grateful .
i might even mention you in my award speech when i win the nobel prize in literature no promises though .
so i want my novel to be about a man named paul and his family .
his dog 's name should be bert but it died before my novel starts something paul is really sad about .
i 'd appreciate if the one writing the first chapter includes a couple of paragraphs about the death of bert and how it feels to lose a beloved pet .
please use a lot of adjectives and write in a way that makes the reader emotionally invested in paul .
other than that feel free to add your own ideas as long as i can say that they 're my ideas .
if you could have the chapters ready within a week i 'd appreciate it .
i have about 7 weeks left and i am so uncomfortable .
i know i should be grateful that the baby is doing fine is healthy and all .
i have n't enjoyed the pregnancy at all really .
but at this point i dont want to feel him anymore .
i 'm tired of feeling the constant kicks the heart burn the hip pain the restless sleep .
i just want it to be over and i still have a little under 2 months left .
i love my baby fiercely and i get the sacrifice i had to make to have it but i 've just had enough .
if there is anyone else who feels remotely the same it would be nice to know .
i hate that i feel this way but i do .
i was n't sure whether to ask in r/communism or here but i 'm wondering if someone can direct me to a good history of thomas sankara and burkina faso .
i have studied a lot of communist history and theory but have found much of the african story missing in my readings .
sources do n't have to be academic but something serious .
i ask because it can be hard to find good quality research that is n't heavily biased by the politics of bourgeois academia .
i would also greatly appreciate any tips on a good place to start for a broader understanding of communist movements throughout africa .
has anyone worked to make their scooter water resiatnt or even water proof ?
i want to do so with mine but i have no idea how to .
i super glued a few patches here and there so far that tells you how much i know about it .
i just want to be able to ride my scooter to class on rainy days .
currently when it rains a little i just ride my bike instead .
it does n't say anything about wheat or being at the same place as other allergens .
that 's right i 'm saying it 's better now that you ca n't launch smashers in the sky that propane 's suicide and gas traps got nerfed .
i hope the stall jail build is next oh i ca n't wait for the day when i see the river of tears coming from all those power base knox and ice king .
why did you ruin the game goes the trash can as a laugh my caboose off killing things the entire time .
it takes more skill and that 's what the game was lacking some sense of skill in setting up .
i put over 8000 down and i 'm paying by the 15th of every month .
they are threatening me that the rent is late .
my lease reads that i should have the keys the day i signed the lease .
hypothetical you graduate do a federal clerkship for a year and then get hired at a private public interest firm with a starting salary of 75-80k .
would this generally be considered a unicorn pi outcome or just a really good but not incredible pi outcome ?
if my luck is super low like 9 or 10 then are carthus rouge and poison even that useful ?
i went to a doctor in korea today about the tingling and sensation in my lips and a small blister on my lip and my concerns for herpes .
he recommended i take a pcr blood test for herpes and that it was possible to test for hpv .
i chose not to take the tests as ive read that there is no reliable test in men for hpv and that a pcr test should be used on active lesions not for blood .
i walked out after the consultation rather than take the tests .
is he misinformed or should i have taken them ?
i didnt want to waste more money on tests that would come out negative if they dont work .
edit i know i should take the word of a doctor over random internet people but it seems like herpes is not very well understood in korea as i have gone to 2 different doctors .
1 said that since there is no cure and no actice lesions to test no point in worrying .
2nd was under the impression that active sores define herpes amd should do a pcr blood test .
seems like its a get it and forget it kind of thing here .
i got one 39 amazon balance via prime trick looking for 34 paypal i prefer f f over g s because the conversion to euros plus paypal g s fees takes a lot from the trading cash not in us so fees will be on me
i 'm willing to go first if the other trader has reputable trading history .
been looking for a few weeks now to find a full version of club q 's scissor goddess 120 there 's a specific part i want to see but it 's not worth the 100 sale price .
if anyone has found a full verison free somewhere hit me up .
there 's a thin white bar at the bottom of my chrome canary really think but it annoys me anyways .
it 's not there when i use regular chrome .
do you think they add flavor to the game or do you think they are just a waste of time ?
do you think it 's fair to run them in the deck ?
do you think it 's bad to run them in the deck ?
i am working on finding new creative ways to build edh decks i 'm trying to get out of my comfort zone i 've just tribal creature decks .
i just started building a new edh deck based on shenanigans the commander is currently ramos i am open for suggestions on additional commanders it will be a 5 color deck unless i decide to remove a color
so i 'm building an edh deck centered around wincons mazes end biovisionary happily ever after test of endurance epic struggle laboratory manic hellkite tyrant ... .. and so on and so forth and i was curious what silly cards or combos players would add to this deck .
i 'm looking for easy combos or silly combos ...
i 'm looking for auto win or auto lose cards/combos ... favorite creatures or spells .. a friend of mine suggested warpworld or even sanguine bond and exquisite blood combo ...
im looking to make a new build for a friend and was thinking about giving him 16gb 3000mhz ram but then i was curios if i cpuld fit another stick in .
i dont know if there is such thing as 4gb ram wich is 3000mhz but thats why im here .
think about it maybe sakurai was so mad that the teaser for byleth had so much negative responses that he made sure to make her really strong .
we as the community created this monster and now we suffer .
so 21f ive had a pretty bad and traumatic childhood thats been affecting my life since i moved out at 18. i was the oldest amongst 3 that my mom had with my stepdad .
he molested me for years mom knew she was codependent so decided my siblings were more important theyre really hispanic .
i now at 21 still have 0 friends besides 33m my boyfriend and 29 pseudo father figure/best friend brother who helped me move in to his moms house .
i work in a restaurant and i get along with my coworkers 100 ive opened up more lately and im even called funny sometimes something i lacked since i was so fucked and traumatized .
the catch is im pretty sure its all the adderall i take that helps me be more not give a fuck .
im abusing adderall and ive now added ecstasy which is mixed with coke .
everyone at work had their own actual relationships with each other that i am obviously excludes on .
i probably also have to break up with my boyfriend .
ive been really abusive and toxic also he supplies my adderall and hes probably actually addicted to it because his job basically betrayed him hes depressed and a gamer and also kinda rich soooo .
i think about everything so much since i was forced to do so growing up and when no one else cares about me half as much as i open up my self to care about them really dug deep today .
probably because i took two xo and im like 100 pounds .
i took my vitamins smoked weed and my body feels great but im so sad so terribly afraid and sad .
im kinda hiding my sobs from my boyfriend as hes in his room with a bong to my mouth so cheers .
i would really appreciate help from fellow psychonauts on recommendations for solid texts on therapeutic dosing for mdma and in combo with lsd .
we have done a lot of reading and research on psychedelics and have a great trip journal built up now including microdosing large dosing and mdma plus an amazing candy flipping experience .
it 's hard to find good science on the latter maybe there is n't much but would value any pointers to good sources .
owner restric means that the owner can only use it
i am planning to attend rl in miami for 2020 .
as i live in europe and our festivals here are crazy the rage is real i was wondering how the rage would be at rolling loud miami .
the look on his face when he came out made me tear up
do you know needing love is as much of a need as needing food ?
they do n't have it worse they have it different .
there is a 70 chance for any car accident you have to happen within 10 miles of your home ''
incorrect advice there is legislation protecting the buyer it is not caveat emptor nor has it been for an extended number of years .
i got silverash from siege banner so its really rng .
those who have favored lower taxes by virtue of economic reasoning see more efficient taxation on ostentatious wealth as opposed to barriers on growing a middle class and upper middle class household .
you can still believe in economic freedom for the vast majority of americans while believing that the ultra-rich can afford to pay heavy fees for an ostentatious lifestyle
was good friends with my first girlfriend for many years before asking her out .
we dated for like 3 years obviously that did n't work out in the end but i 'm really glad i did it regardless .
better to ask her out rather than always ask yourself what if imo
not every problem demands professional attention and it 's your job as their significant other to be their first line of support in any matter .
honestly all this sub does is make me question how deeply other men commit to the idea of truly sharing your life with someone else .
and the kids that did n't get tv were the ones that would rather watch it than play outside .
my kid does n't get any tv and would rather play/run around than watch it even when he does have the chance so ...
the entire midwest has lost almost every manufacturing job from furniture manufacturing to textiles to cars to steel etc. but on top of that coal mining and every other major industry as well .
yeah he 's actually a big friend of her husband she 's one of the most acclaimed portuguese singers of the last decade i think .
2 games without scoring is not poor form '' .
he 's still our main creative force and best finisher
this could have so many good applications but also so many naughty ones .
can you guys stop fucking reposting this everyday like fucking chill man wait more than 30 days atleast
ah well tbh i do n't really care how old she is..
other countries in europe tax more than 50 of gdp
i ca n't find a single european country in which taxes account for more than 46 of their gdp .
that is essentially government replacing the free market as the primary distributor of capital when it consumes that much in taxes .
that 's like saying replacing half a bucket of dirt with water is essentially replacing the dirt with water .
nobody 's going to say that 's a bucket of water .
socializing some parts of the market is nowhere near the same as socializing all of it .
and either way it 's working for those european countries .
i have a product that needs video but you cant find any nice video clips in supllier shop .
want to try to see if u can make a decent video ?
last thing to try is maybe a factory reset .
just to confirm you ca n't see any bluetooth devices at all yeah ?
yeah man water pumps are another known failure point so you might consider replacing that as well .
i 'm currently fixing an 02 wrx wagon and i 'm going to do all my preventative maintenance when i pull the engine out .
if you do n't know what needs to be changed nasioc or asking a mechanic should give you a good place to start .
if individuals were to have to prepare their food from where it begins or even just view the process many more of us would be vegetarians if not vegans .
we do not want to be vegetarian or vegan .
i like it that it 's more about creating your own look for a pet now with customizations .
i do miss some of the unique poses of ucs that had so much character like the royal girl poogle but i do not miss the days when royal and plushie pets and krawks/draiks were just status symbols for rich neopians to show off .
i 've listened to that one myself back when luminary had free trials .
we need another tech or int unit on fusions .
search for miksrebelius 's gctrep https www.reddit.com/r/gctrep/search ? q=author 3amiksrebelius restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all
u/miksrebelius history on trading subs https www.reddit.com/r/cash4cash+gctrade+gamesale+gcxrep+c4crep+slrep+bitmarket+loans+steamgameswap+trade+barter+borrow+gameswap+giftcardexchange+hardwareswap+gctrading+gctrep+redditbay+dogemarket/search ? q=title 3amiksrebelius+or+author 3amiksrebelius restrict_sr=on include_over_18=on sort=new t=all
remember to check out op https reddit.com/user/miksrebelius before trading to keep everyone safe !
do not trade with any trader if their username appears on a search at the universal scammer list https universalscammerlist.com/search.php .
if you fail to search the name of the trader on the usl before trading with them you will receive a 3 day ban .
these are known scammers who will steal your money .
you will definitely receive messages from them scaredsweeper https www.reddit.com/user/scaredsweeper was sacredyear https www.reddit.com/user/sacredyear was superyear https www.reddit.com/user/superyear now samehome https www.reddit.com/user/samehome squarehour https www.reddit.com/user/squarehour yoshinozai https www.reddit.com/u/yoshinozai ciganih https www.reddit.com/user/ciganih drome5 https www.reddit.com/user/drome5 apprehensivecarrot5 https www.reddit.com/user/apprehensivecarrot5 traderguy2 https www.reddit.com/user/traderguy2 alem420 https www.reddit.com/user/alem420 poetryandnafta https reddit.com/u/poetryandnafta huntercosts1cent https www.reddit.com/user/huntercosts1cent malialek https www.reddit.com/user/malialek rufus40444 https www.reddit.com/user/rufus40444 7inj3ct3d https www.reddit.com/user/7inj3ct3d never trade with these known scammers this is not a comprehensive list of scammers !
these are only a few of the most common remember a user must comment on this post then you must search the user on the usl this will not guarantee a safe trade but it will lower the risk of you being scammed by a thousand times .
if you have a question about any user 's authenticity message modmail .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gctrading if you have any questions or concerns .
geek squad over charges and if they ca n't fix it immediately they 'll send it over to a facility who may or may not know what is happening .
it 's better to know what is wrong with it and fix the issue yourself and go to a local repair shop than to send it to geek squad .
if they say it 'll cost 200 or more it 's probably not worth the fix since you can get a new laptop and not have to deal with the repair cost and process .
i 'm 24 and the only time i get anywhere near 11 hour or longer is when i crash after my insomnia gets bad .
i understand that there is unused space depending on configuration but the more efficient storage of raid6 makes up for it in my current configuration 's case or at least it appears to at first glance .
plugging the drive sizes into the btrfs disk usage calculator gives me
not a huge gain but it 's somewhat better .
but then this got me looking closer and now i see something that has me a bit confused .
i know from past mdadm experience raid6 minimum drives is typically 4 and the btrfs wiki agrees making me think the same is true for btrfs
but if you go to the btrfs disk usage calculator https carfax.org.uk/btrfs-usage and plug in raid6 4 disks and make their sizes all different ie 100 200 300 400 then it goes through allocate 4 chunks at a time '' and then allocate 3 chunks at a time '' and only stops allocating space once it hits 2 drives being available .
the calculator seems to think btrfs is willing to allocate 3-disk raid6 chunks when i thought the minimum would be 4 .
i 'm not sure if it really does that or not and i do n't have any btrfs raid6 filesystems running to look at .
if btrfs raid6 does n't really do that then the calculator is overestimating usable space .
if btrfs raid6 does actually do this then the statement changes to your largest 2 drives will only be usable up to the size of the 3rd largest . ''
i tried to look at the code i 'm not a developer and it does indeed appear that btrfs raid6 uses a minimum stripe width of 3 not 4
so i guess the calculator appears to be right .
i do like how it comes from the post.com https post.com domain ... that 's just funny .
it 's pretty funny when i met my wife she thought i looked like bradley cooper and did a face swap app and it 's just weird to see .
that and i get called irish jimmy g out here since i moved to the bay .
i 'd take it as a compliment but i 'm from kc lol
you run them over with jinx darius aggro so i 'm happy free wins until masters for me
in which case the only possible explanation is that he is being intentionally disingenuous .
i like that the first wheel went off into the carpark to chill .
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
next time there 's a void league i hope it 's endless ledge .
everybody is jumping on the when in doubt blame pakistan '' bandwagon because they see how much the bjp weaponised and gained from it .
tim horton is a name so i 'm pretty sure it passes without issue .
it is the introduction of an apostrophe indicating a possessive and thus english grammar that they had an issue with .
i wonder if that applies to cows here in austria too .
so that like the rest of us austrians don´t understand the people from there neither noone understands cows from vorarlberg .
my point was this is n't exclusive to old guys .
i thought this meant cut it open with a champagne sabre .
for that kind of cash you are going to get problems do n't know what else you expected ?
just drive it to it dies who cares about error codes unless it 's making the car not work .
guys i 'd like to watch this movie soon but i do n't understand if it is divided in 2 chapters or what .
i play almost exclusively tr because it 's the most casual mode and almost all my other friends stopped playing .
sbmm showed up a couple months ago and it almost ruined the game for me .
not because the enemies were harder/fewer but because the queue times became insane often sitting 15 minutes in the queue without a match found .
i did n't realize it was sbmm at first i thought it was maybe so many people were quitting fn that no one was playing tr .
i searched reddit for posts about tr queue times and discovered sbmm was in fact implemented .
armed with that info i started paying attention to how well i played and how fast i would find new games .
there is some sort of time decay so if you do n't play for a day or 2 you can get the instant queue .
however if i went 15-0 or 15-1 a couple games in a row i was right back in the super long queue .
going deathless is probably the worst thing you can do to your sbmm level .
i started to die on purpose towards the end of games to get my kda down and it did help my queue times .
it helps to have a specific niche when growing a channel .
you can rope in people who like that content and then they stay for your personality .
it 's harder to grow as a variety channel that does n't have one specific focus or one person to point to .
i think a lot of the stagnation from channels is settling into the variety type content which is awesome for fans but presents a much higher barrier to entry than this guy breaks games and is funny doing it . ''
the one sentence pitch for the main channel or hat films is basically this group of people plays some games and does some stuff and they are funny '' which is harder to sell because so much of the content that we fans enjoy is so entrenched in the personalities we already know .
idk but i was thinking they should feed it themselves ...
well that 's sensible and i know i say ‘ages ' but i 've ben streaming for 6 months
yeah but you should have a ton of ppl who are your buddies .
i friended most of my guildmates who are active around the same time i was so trading was a breeze .
i only disliked the limit we had on receiving puzzle pieces .
yeah i have n't listened to music in forever actually .
i got the new tool album and despite them being my favorite band i have n't touched it .
i find the same thing with video games i 'll buy one that i 'd normally want to play and then i just wo n't and it 's not a lack of motivation or even a feeling of depression/being down..i just do n't feel anything at all .
i was prescribed some for 2 months after an achilles tendon injury and while i was taking it i did n't feel like i even needed my suboxone so i was considering talking to my dr and seeing if i can get on that for a month 600mg 3x a day after i taper down some more .
i actually did try zoloft a few years ago for this issue and it did absolutely nothing .
i just wan na be able to get excited for things again and feel some damn emotions instead of this constant nothing .
zombie ish is a pretty good way to put it .
but it does n't seem that way to the naked eye and my memory .
and my brief googling just now seems to indicate that their burgers have gotten larger not smaller .
https www.businessinsider.com/mcdonalds-just-made-a-major-change-to-its-burgers-2015-6 i could n't confirm the smaller patty size increase but the 1/4 pounder went up a fraction .
just take the panties off and smash that ass !
i sometimes do it i consider distance enemy accuracy count the chances and well it pays off most of the times .
i 'm also very nervous to talk to women .
i usually am too afraid that i do n't talk to them .
this is something i 'm wrestling with though because i do n't want to jeopardize our friendship you know ?
i already know she 's not interested and telling her seems like it would just over-complicate things .
i totally understand that that 's probably selfish on my part though .
uhh ... no you wo n't you 're suspended lol .
i think if cves had unit tests it could help prevent regressions .
not all would be simple of course but at a minimum the validation logic could have basic unit testing .
i still remember nearly all of my raiding guild names back from tbc and wootlk since 2006/2007
i got some pretty bad stuff in the one on the left but i got 4 gold 4 iron 6 pumpkin seeds and a golden apple in the one on the right
i do n't remember the name of the program but there was definitely something with rivaling microsoft office back in the day before office became the industry standard
i think this was a hard sitting so it could have been hard for the people grading as well .
if you 're not at a loss for 250 i would go for it but do n't expect much .
i would imagine that as an organization they would really try to limit scenarios where they would change grades and probably mark you harder the second time around
damn you created an alt for something as brain dead as that ?
there is a nice series of books where the dalai lhama talks to sientists about these things .
its super interresting and pretty much answers your question .
in short we have no clue why manyof these ancient techniques work but they do and have surprising similarities to modern findings ...
question why the living hell do you want to ?
count your lucky stars that the truth came out before you signed the marriage contract .
i 'm a football fan so i grabbed 11 to 5 .
i love it and the movie that inspired it 'whisper of the heart '
the scientific orientation of the syllabus will also develop students ' critical thinking skills lol such as their ability to evaluate evidence provide sources for arguments understand experimental research and grasp basic statistics .
would they not develop all these skills in a technical/business related industrial field ?
this is uncontroversial to anybody who 's not a woke moron .
a child raised on testosterone has a skeletal structure that will always be far superior to one raised on estrogen no amount of cross hormone therapy will change that .
making them compete with each other is utterly retarded and you do n't need a degree to know that .
they are literally just letting them go and telling them to avoid contact with others and stay at home .
they oopsied '' it into the grand canyon and then drove a truck off to land on top of it .
i 've done acid and shrooms dozens of times .
nah sometimes i just like looking through memory dumps and packet captures for fun .
we get the short end of the stick in the dating department .
i was having a serious panic attack last night/this morning and honestly at a certain point i had to give up on caring about disturbing other people .
so where do you get your internet and where do you think they 'll go once they ca n't get anymore money from tv users ?
um exemplo sem o protecionismo ninguém iria comprar os notebooks da positivo porque as empresas estrangeiras tem acordos muito melhores na aquisição das peças por já serem maiores e teriam acesso a peças melhores e mais baratas .
mesmo que a gente tivesse uns notebooks bem melhores e por 1/3 do preço a positivo iria a falência e todo mundo que trabalha nela iria perder o emprego o que seria algo muito muito ruim e bem pior que só ter notebooks ruins e caros .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/circlejerk if you have any questions or concerns .
is it your position that all people who were fired and write books are liars when they make statements on the individual who fired them ?
i 've been having the same internal debate as you .
i 've been using a very large stick burner for years and really want something less hands on that does n't require me cooking a whole case of ribs to justify firing it up .
once i have the money saved i 'm going to go with the rectec for these reasons build quality proven customer support wifi ceramic igniter and a larger hopper .
the rock on instagram hard work and commitment is the only way to succeed .
that 's why we made my new underarmor rockthong i 'm up every morning at 3am clanging and banging with an underarmor rockthong keeping me pushing forward .
you 've got ta want to make the change just like i make the change to my new johnson 's tequila a pure and refined drink for the modern man .
speaking of modern men my new clothing line was made with modernity and men in mind available at macy 's this fall dwayne 's threads .
just remember success comes from hard work and what you put into it does n't come from amazing genetics famous parents or connections to famous organizations ''
ive noticed lots of posts lately featuring dr. crimmy 's juice so seeing this made me finally take the plunge and buy their combo pack for the first time !
also purchased with an extra shot fingers crossed for flavor lol .
question the third gear is noticeably closer to the main gear on ship born helicopters is this because of the limited deck space and because the tail folds ?
he is written like a villain since day 1 .
well would n't a villain who thinks he 's the hero fit the definition of a false protagonist ?
what matters is that stannis and people around him like melisandre believe him to be the chosen one .
the blabber of stannis about heroism and duty is as fake as mel 's tits .
stannis is motivated by ambition for the it and vindication for his imagined slights .
acok stannis is very much someone who looks forward to rule but the stannis that saves the wall at the end of asos is a truly changed man .
still bitter and unpleasant yes but now his caring side is almost breaking out sadly it wo n't last .
yeah this would be perfect for those 980s but the lack of champion mods takes it out of the running
after shaman being everywhere for the entire year of the dragon i 'm very okay with this
why ca n't suicide be reduced by legislation to provide mental healthcare and red flag laws ?
if you redeem it for membership yes the membership is shared .
yes the nilfgaardian invasion in the witcher games is the third nilfgaardian invasion and as far as i know was invented just for the games .
the thronebreaker storyline includes events that happen in the books during the second nilfgaardian invasion .
nah you 're allowed to back out of plans especially since it seems like there will be more than enough for a team without you .
just send a nice message and say you look forward to joining them next time .
the only reason i could see any other angle is if you were the only common link between some or all of these friends and there 's some reason to think they would n't be happy going out together without you .
come on you ca n't start a story like that and not finish it !
imagine butchering a group of people for thousands of years over idiotic religious beliefs and then accusing them of being home wreckers and murderers know what i mean comrade ?
i would go out to confront him get an anxiety attack and run back home trip and fall in a pile of mud and just then my crush would be leaving a coffee shop she would look at me ... look away ... and keep walking
yea like half the top 10 of my school last year wejt there .
im pretty sure he was lying bc he got rejected .
yeah i really like the way they did this one and the interchangeability is nice
she is so hot even a colorblind person would hit that
⬆️**upvote**⬆️ this comment if this is a good post .
⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if this is a bad post .
⚠**report**⚠ ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ the post and ⬇️**downvote**⬇️ this comment if the post breaks the rules !
i 'd be curious to know how much of this statewide increase is attributable to southern maine particularly portland .
we can already see from this post that it would be too strong in sealed .
adding it but taking a card away would favour the starting player too much because sealed depends heavily on how many cards you have access to .
balancing all the formats at once particularly the ones with tens of thousands of cards designed under the old rules is n't easy .
the tail came off when her grandma caught it .
she currently has a leopard gecko so she has some stuff to house it separately .
i personally do n't believe it 's a leopard gecko because of its eyes and feet but i could be wrong .
i missed my reading comprehension class in 2nd grade .
yeah neither could i. kenny actually did an ama that you could watch he talks about it at the beginning .
i dont upload them but what about it tho .
if a girl wants to twerk then let her be💞 i do n't really think we 'd care about that
the lack of refine in your preview threw me off .
it seems you have to pick between galeforce or no galeforce then .
i thought hi-rez and goblin studios worked on it ?
your submission https www.reddit.com/r/fortnitebr/comments/evmtm2/no_scoooop in r/fortnitebr was automatically removed because you posted in all caps .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fortnitebr if you have any questions or concerns .
i assume that they start the unit with a geography re-cap or even a quiz .
it looks like you tried to copy one of the miraclous arts but thats a fail
it 's not fun anymore she 's been dead to long and is now cold .
i was told that you could have a splitter to display an extended desktop ?
so that you could drag an application from one screen to the other ?
if not what should i do if i only have one hdmi port and i want to have an extended desktop ?
if you read the link the hospital that opened today was originally a vacant building .
they went in and revamped it to meet the requirements to treat patients
i just do n't know how i missed that one .
for one scientists use creative thinking and artists have methods .
you could identify a number of shared qualities like this .
like your favorite filmmaker or the theoretical physics that engages the imagination and excites .
the quotes on campbell this week were a little cautious .
it 's a big jump and in level of play and the staff clearly wants to bring him along slowly if possible .
would n't be surprised if we go sign a cheaper veteran mls domestic backup late in the window just in case .
i do n't live near campus but i had to return a 25lb weighted blanket to amazon .
my options were to pay 20 and return to a ups or drop off at an amazon locker .
the lockers at whole foods on lane were n't an option it had to be an amazon hub locker '' ..and this is the only one in the city .
so i did have to drive here and lug a large box with a 25lb blanket in it inside .
it 's honestly why i got tired of that sub .
never said where they belong just that there should be a limit how many store one company can setup within 3-4 mile radius .
it 's never a good idea to allow one company to corner a market it 's bad for consumers when that happens .
i should own all my data and anyone who wants to sell it should pay me royalties .
they had a signed and valid contract saying that in the event of a divorce she could only use these embryos which are half his with mutual consent .
if women want to be treated as equal adults then they ca n't simply cry to get out of contracts .
i know a few beautiful women that need it ?
i did not watch the last episode of constantine on my dvr for about a year because then it would be over
not sure how long this article has been there but is this not correct ?
either way a yay or nay would be nice agreed .
now that you say it i realise you are right
it 's a push-your-luck dice game where each player takes control of a neighbourhood in a larger city .
they 're trying to build up the economy in their neighborhood and complete goals from the mayor to win but to do so requires helping each other complete building contracts by rolling dice for resources brick glass steel and wood the different coloured dice in the green bowls .
i 'm holding 20 bitcoin at all times now .
i 'm not firm believer in bitcoin but i 've been burned many times when i was n't owning any .
it just creates a better day when you see bitcoin pump and eth dump because of that .
this way i 'm happy whatever pumps and i do n't have any wish to follow trends .
then how shall i proceed if being self-employed does not meet the description of my job according to the options of the canada official website ?
as i asked to another user i can visit canada and post a video about it.. like going to a mountain.. and still earn money by doing that .
or have you forgotten how many people are under or unemployed ?
also what are the rich if not our ruling class ?
i just walked downstairs and he wont leave me alone .
i am literally one out of like 10 billion people .
that 's the most batshit stupid thing i have ever heard .
why because you did n't think about the possibility of looking further into the problem ?
what you had was a choice and the choice you made was to do something destructive that would significantly decrease your recoverability on the advice of someone that is quite obviously a total idiot and you can quote me on that .
you can send them a link to this post for all i care .
in fact where were you getting your data recovery advice a restaurant waiter ?
first take some time to think about the value if your data .
remember that a diy attempt is less likely to succeed than a professional service .
every diy attempt is likely to decrease what can eventually be recovered .
the second thing assuming you do n't care enough to go to a pro service is that you need to do is clone all of these into image files on other drives by using ddrescue instructions are in right margin here .
third you scan that recovered image with a good data recovery program like getdataback by runtime software www.runtime.org r-studio by r-tools tech www.r-tt.com or reclaime www.reclaime.com .
fourth you save the data those utilities find onto another drive .
if this drive makes roaring moaning or grinding noise it needs professional help and you should not try further yourself .
these drives had spindle motor issues though that was more common in earlier units .
that usb adapter is absolutely worthless except with healthy drives .
you can use it to attach a target drive but do not use it to attach the drive whose content you want to recover .
in fact if that 's still wrapped up take it back to the store .
sorry i 'm looking for mbs i 'm combo with gmax mons ... .
is it too early to discuss how the lunge mine works ?
is it a suicide weapon or can you just run up behind a tank and safely poke it like in the initial war in the pacific trailer ?
there was some news that a 9 month old was infected but i ca n't say if it was verified .
well that 's the only option because vendors use botanacor as well as other similar labs .
once you do improve and you start racing wheel to wheel and keeping up with the other guys it 's 100 worth all the practice you put in .
i problaby have 400-500 hours sim racing i started a year ago and i 'm midfield usually but i mess around a lot and have fun i 'm sure you can watch some guides like driver61 '' and emptybox '' on youtube to get quick a lot faster
so far up his own ass with his classist bullshit .
i do n't hope he gets career fucked up but at the same time i wouldnt be upset either .
yes this is very cool/bad ass but all i can think is when the power is out and he needs a gun ... ... oooh shit !
i hear the new boss owns fifa get ready for battle cards and microtransactions up the ass !
i can genuinely picture that rising from the depths to stomp all over tokyo .
sounds like either a scam or someone who bought debt for pennies on the dollar and is just seeing who they can get to bite .
if it 's 10 years old there should have been notifications by now .
telling people its your birthday again just so you have an excuse to eat more cake huh ?
sheamus never actually won the wwe championship that 's next to the penny tag right ?
funny because the people in the picture are women or are they ?
one old person who clicked the wrong button on the poll
please remember we are here as a representation of andrew yang .
do your part by being kind respectful and considerate of the humanity of your fellow users .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
how to help donate https secure.actblue.com/donate/redditforandrewyang • events https www.mobilize.us/yang2020 • slack server https yang2020.com/join-volunteer-slack • r/yang2020volunteers https www.reddit.com/r/yang2020volunteers • state subreddits https www.reddit.com/user/better_call_salsa/m/americaforyang • yangnearme.com https yangnearme.com • online training https www.mobilize.us/yang2020 ? event_type=11 is_virtual=true • voter registration https www.vote.org/register-to-vote
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/yangforpresidenthq if you have any questions or concerns .
as long as it 's not human youre cooking .
sometimes it seems there is n't enough to talk about and the episode is n't great but it can be really great as well .
like the episode right after they had a kid was very good .
it was just ethan talking about the process for an hour but i found out incredibly interesting because he was so honest and did n't leave anything out .
and the one where they debuted the gatsby scooter .
i watch it on the regula because i feel like part of the community i 've had sound byte suggestions actually be acted on and now they 're used in the show .
along with ymh this is the only other podcast that feels just like hanging out with friends .
haha not the only reason but i see your point .
it 's based on an ornithopther it should flap its wings at least a little
tbf on any given sunday i would stick my weiner in my mouth before my fingers ...
i often times pre-wash. my weiner is like the break room donuts .
nobody wants grubby fingers all over it before it goes in their mouth ...
princess and the frog because tiana still inspires me even though i 'm not a kid anymore and hello 💁🏾‍♀️ the soundtrack
well the top rated aggro-deck at the moment eats elusive with ease and it 's very f2p-friendly .
sure but patenting style can really fuck your life up
er is in amsterdam zat te krijgen voor 2k in de maand .
er is zelfs opzettelijke leegstand om de krapte te vergroten .
powermadd mirrors off amazon took a little massaging with a heat gun but they work great now !
unfortunately new and low karma accounts can not create submissions in r/vive
1 sidebar guidelines describing the naure of this subreddit and expectations https www.reddit.com/r/vive/wiki/config/sidebar .
hi everyone i am indie game developer from kukrgame our vr game silicon rising will be release on steam at feb 2020 .
now we have a free steam key gives away event to invite people join our game beta test .
all you need is going to one of the reddit post
and follow the rules you will have chance to win a silicon rising steam key .
also you can go to our steam page for more information
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/vive if you have any questions or concerns .
actually i like a handy every now and then but i cum hard and it shoots out pretty far and my wife freaks out because its out of her control not inside her .
is there any way to delay a pending update ?
i 'm not on 3.18.0 yet but my system says it 's going to apply it in 24 hours .
i have a video interview with a client tomorrow and this will cost me income if my wi-fi shits the bed .
i would love if they add the possibility of moving the cards in hand so i can organize them accordingly .
also another improvement i would like to have as many other players is the ability to see shards wildcards coins and other currencies everywhere .
i 'm against cu but this has absolutely nothing to do with it .
the positive side is that you can replay to save them and enjoy the book again .
is it possible to give him his own space ?
we converted a room into a lounge for husband 's use long ago because he loves sports with the volume up .
he does n't drink much but the same concept could apply here if you just add a little fridge for his beer or a cabinet for his liquor .
if he wants to drink he can go in there and do it .
if you do it right you 'll hardly see the man !
😁 but yeah think about a space of his own .
the definition of a gentleman is someone who makes other people feel as comfortable as possible but these other people also got ta know that it is normal for people to forget names and they should n't take it personally .
esse cara detesta mais o flamengo do que eu o palmeiras ahhhhhhhhhhh .
hello guys recently i tried to repair tds 1002 power supply because backlight of the screen was malfunctioning .
i swaped electrolitic cap near d5 and accidentally managed to split it apart .
i made a picture of other scope same model i had nearby power supply board but i could not read the name of it .
i 'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos !
man superman turns into a real asshole when he gets drunk ''
i just thought it would be another flavored one hurr hurr '' .
also we had to google what fluffernutter meant so now i am glad to have a new bit of knowledge !
he was voluntarily following us law and got raided in new zealand .
edit as far as i know he was never convicted they just wanted to take his site with substantial non-infringing uses down .
edit2 the main complaint was that they only blocked access to the url when getting a dmca us law take-down notice .
the problem with deleting the actual file is that the service used deduplication .
they had no way to know how many of those copies were fair dealing '' copying for private study criticism research etc .
megaupload was also marketing itself as a way for studios to manage their files in the cloud or promotional releases forget which .
d u n c a c c i n o
great idea for visible intervals but a nice clear plate would n't hurt .
but the xp you lose way to high to make it work .
at that point playing a normal 1-1-1-2 style would just give more sadly
most countries have cops carry guns for protection and for them it 's a practical tool .
difference is most countries fail your application to have and/or carry a gun due to you not having a good reason self defense rarely counts .
also most countries say that the government is the only entity allowed to use force in non-emergencies gun in hand fear of death emergency
please remind me of something trump has done that has n't backfired .
it 's a pretty safe bet to take the other side of whatever he does .
playstation spain just likes to troll people they did it before with a spyro pic months ago .
kayla 's mom wants to move with them ? !
or are you talking about like parking ticket machines ?
oh man the military does used tinned wire in certain applications i still have a few scrap pieces somewhere with teflon insulation .
well they have to offer something to the higher tiers ...
i hate when big companies do pre-order bonuses like that but i think it 's acceptable when it 's the question of the game being made in the first place .
besides these things are usually not hard to mod back in ...
german army was on meth and alcohol and weed have existed since forever .
paid vacation is n't a right it 's a benefit .
if two company offers are equal except one has more paid vacation i 'm going to take that one .
some people find mindlessly killing bots fun specially when you 're drunk .
not to be a dick difficult for me but this is the first reply of yours i 'd consider as an actual reply to my opinion not some desperate tactics to discredit me .
we disagree that 's fine we both love the club .
you 're reading that i 've said only wait for world class players which is not quite what i meant what i mean is wait for the right player which van dijk and maybe salah were for liverpool and i dont see that player available to us in january .
i appreciate you replying to my point i get that i did not put it across very well or very politely .
guess i need to go review what resets the timer
i was a cashier at a big chain gas station and carded two black women asking for cigarettes who obviously looked 16 and they called me a white piece of shit and then started throwing shit
i find that my battery only lasts 2-3 months instead of 12 .
my intention is not to take advantage of the system i 'd be happy to consult with a new company at the same rate .
i suppose my problem is more personal in that it feels i am being forced to come back in and do the job duties that were mine before i was let go without receiving any benefit it 's not like it 's a new company that may consider hiring me full-time .
she 'd legit jump on us which signaled carry me home . ''
at 10 months old now we can finally say walks are enjoyable .
we walked by parked objects garbage cans cars etc with lots of encouragement and treats .
then it was the large objects rvs cars with car covers parked trailers .
then it was the noisy things cars that drove by lawn service vehicles big rigs .
if noisy things occurred across the street i would get her into a sit and watch it for a few minutes until she calmed down .
i pet her and gave treats through it all .
as she got used to more things we 'd take her out at different times in different weather different routes so it forced her to grow each time .
please do n't assume that a loving mother that wants to recognize signs that could prevent her child from suicide as flippant as gawking .
i 'm probably just being paranoid but shouldnt the tails os have an os signature when i boot into it ?
it required me to disable uefi secureboot in order to use it otherwise it boots straight into windows .
when i have secureboot on the bios just says unable to boot no operating system has no signature .
are you guys able to use tails with secureboot on ?
so i am currently working on a 2d title with graphics like some bit older zelda titles .
i chose 2d despite wanting 3d for a simple reason i wanted the world to feel more real and to do that i wanted the angle as well as color and brightness changing according to the real world daytime .
in 3d that would be very easy just a rotating directional light for the sun that changes color .
but how would i go about that in 2d ?
i know how to simulate depth on a sprite with normal maps but how would you make the shadows change direction ? do i have to write a shader for that and if so how ?
i 've been playing skyrim for years but have recently picked it up again .
my current play through is a breton mage that is very wholesome and tries not to hurt people .
are there any wholesome quests that i should do before inevitably losing it and joining the dark brotherhood ?
i had it before but had to rest my laptop .
now i dont get full screen and it is windowed .
im really stupid at computers btw so talk to me like im 5 which probably is better than me at puters..lol
i am running a server a small server for only a couple people and want to get something like mcmmo but do n't want to have to pay for it .
though i can only speak for myself i can say for a fact that compelling is subjective .
my goal is to not convince anyone but explain my perspective .
out of all the characters in mha i find bakugo and endeavor the most interesting to watch .
it 's not everyday you see a bully character expertly command a team to victory not just in the sports festival arc but the joint trait arc too .
we 're used to bully characters losing because of their anger and naivety .
this is what monoma thought before his team lost .
or what everyone thought when he declared victory over all the students and actually ended up winning .
his fight with all might displaying the sheer lengths he 'll go to win .
his fight with deku in s3 showing that he needed to constantly attack him in fear of deku coming up with a strategy .
or even his fight with shoto as he pushes his opponent to fight him at 100 .
and especially when he did n't go all out on meatball guy in fear of hurting the immobilized students around him .
his lack of social skills caused him to lose the opportunity to gain a license .
his loss to deku puts him in a mental breakdown .
and his capture led him to bottle up guilt to an unhealthy amount .
hori writes him an asshole but has went on record saying he 's a good kid at heart .
i saw this when instead lashing out against deku after his first loss he cries .
he repays kiri for his camera checks on his classmates after they returned from the overhaul arc joins their band and is currently helping deku master his power .
i love the the relationship between deku and him .
someone who 's never been on a even playing field is now just as strong if not better .
and instead of this consuming him ... he just trains to get better .
he does n't become a villain like viewers predicted vowing revenge on deku .
he sticks to his morals and simply trains to get even stronger .
and not just physically but slowly ... and surely ... letting the people around him in .
matt riddle ve pete dunne'dan oluşan broserweights takımı finalde grizzled young veterans'ı yenerek dusty rhodes tag team classic 2020 turnuvasını kazandılar .
i̇kili 2 hafta sonra takeover portland'da şampiyonlar undisputed era ile unvan maçına çıkacak .
upvc sliding window and doors are helpful to remove the mosquito bugs and insects from the house and organization .
if you are searching a upvc sliding window and door suppliers http insectdefence.com/insectscreen-upvc_casement_door_system.php then call us 9643551551 .
go to basically any video or article or a protest or demonstration and the comments section is filled with '' these kids need to grow up and get jobs ' or 'i wish i could go out and play in the street but i 'm a productive adult with a real job .
i do n't have time for these games . '
you can basically kick most americans in the nuts and the most they 'll do is complain on facebook or maybe contact their representative .
i 'm not saying every protest is for a good cause or reasonable or led by adults but bragging '' i 'm too busy slaving away at my low paying job to make ends meet to stand up for what 's important to me yada yada yada '' is pathetic .
no disrespect to those hard working people out there especially if they have to work their butts off to make ends meet .
but seriously this 'proud corporate slave ' mentality needs to stop .
edit i 'm not defending the pitiful marches we see put on by unemployed college students and the like .
i 'm saying we have real issues that need dealt with but they are n't being dealt with .
since when and why is it okay for 'corrupt politicians ' to be the norm and we just accept it ? ?
they work for us and that should n't be just accepted as business as usual .
does anybody know what type of license do i need in malta to drive scooter that is under 50cc ?
many dogs prefer to circle round a spot before sitting down .
though we might not really tell why most dogs act this way but there is certainly a reason for that .
it is believed that dogs do this to create a smooth surface where they can relax and stay safe .
ancestral dogs usually sleep outside and running around a circle for them might mean stamping down grasses or leaves to make the ground soft for relaxation .
many dogs prefer to circle round a spot before sitting down .
though we might not really tell why most dogs act this way there is certainly a reason for that .
it is believed that dogs do this to create a smooth surface where they can relax and stay safe .
ancestral dogs usually sleep outside and running around a circle for them might mean stamping down grasses or leaves to make the ground soft for relaxation .
i 'm a legal permanent resident looking to enlist .
i went to a recruiter who seemed all over the place .
one of the things he told me was that he 'd need my birth certificate translated officially by the county clerk office here in the small town az i live in .
i 'm fairly certain no one in the courthouse speaks the south asian language my birth certificate is in .
moreover the county clerk website does not provide any such information either .
when i was seeing the national guard recruiter all i needed was my permanent resident card .
do i need a translated birth certificate to join the navy ?
hello everyone hephbot has recently created there official discord and you can select which roles you want to be notified when events are happening .
buy aliaxin gp 1ml is also ideal for the treatment of localized beauty flaws and increasing the localized volume of those areas of the face which characterize its three dimensional nature .
i show signs of a lot of mental things bipolar depression anxiety ocd ect .
i fantasize about killing everyone i hate then myself .
when i go into an episode it 's normally 30-60 minutes of me crying hyperventilating being depressed and i get visions of cutting myself .
i 'm receiving counseling once a week in school but i have n't lately .
aside from anxiety my mom thinks i 'm fine .
i just lost some of my online friends the only people that new everything wrong with me .
i have really bad anger issues and i take my anger out on myself to avoid hurting others/things around me .
i told my mom i wanted a punching bag but she said it would n't to anything .
i feel pressured to live but i do n't want to die .
i just want to sit in a dark room with music and my favorite foods/drinks .
i have been doing minor things scratching biting my lip digging my nails into my skin i did n't know were self harm till now .
should i be scared for the people around me.. ?
i 've been really into sonic youth lately and i just want to know if he 's ever talked about them in a let 's argue or something else before .
if anyone knows can they tell me what videos please
employndeploy is india 's leading government jobs portal search apply the latest upcoming central government jobs for graduates https o.ello.co/https www.employndeploy.com/government-jobs 20 20 engineers railway for computer engineers and get free job alert .
doom have tweeted that doom 64 is a free pre-order bonus with doom eternal .
bethesdauk has answered questions regarding availability on consoles but have n't said anything about stadia .
it 's a weird situation because there really is no need to pre-order on stadia but if bonuses get left out because we ca n't pre-order there 's gon na be some bad taste left in people 's mouths .
it 'd be great to get some level of confirmation from google or bethesda about whether or not this bonus is available to us .
anyone got any ideas on where to find out ?
so i 'm building my first pc in a few months and i 've mocked up these parts and was just wondering if they 'd work i 'm looking to mainly use it for gaming and maybe just general work the games i 'll be looking to play are probably destiny 2 rainbow 6 minecraft and maybe escape from tarkov all preferably at high settings
and two quick questions i was wondering for my specific parts
does my case have a headphone jack that can receive audio and let me speak at once or will i need something like a y cable ?
i am trying to make a launch vehicle tracker that would use a raspberry pi and a camera attached to it and attached to a motor to track my rocket as it flies up .
i was thinking of using a high gain directional receiver and transmitter but i ca n't seem to know where to start .
i want to start off with a small scale receiver and transmitter and then move up to a high gain so what is a nice and cheap one that i can use ?
i am not an expert on any of this so thank you !
hello i am at crossroads on what to include on a current application .
my issue is that i have a 2.85 gpa from a school that i went to for 6 semesters but recently during this past fall semester i had transferred to a new school out of state .
at this out of state school i ended up have a very hard time mentally with a suicide attempt and depression being a big factor unrelated to the schoolwork just the new environment .
needless to say i ended up getting a .58 gpa for that semester .
my question is i am applying to a school in my original state for the next fall semester and do i even bother mentioning the out of state school from last semester since none of it would transfer anyway ?
im loving my t440p i got three different 2.5 ssds for it each one for running macos mojave linux mint and win 10 .
1 is it possible to have a 2242 m.2 a 2.5 ssd in the drive bay and a another 2.5 ssd in the dvd drive all with a different a os ?
i 'm tired of hot swapping my three drives .
2 i bought the smart card reader but am struggling to find the plastic shield for it here the elusive plastic shield https www.notebookcheck.net/fileadmin/_processed_/csm_14_kopie_e4bec62f01.jpg
i got my eyes on a x230 next thanks yall for the awesome posts !
based on the price i would guess some city goon is being buttered to accept a certain deal .
is there a way to have niagara city hall take over st catharines ?
the good ol boys patting themselves on the back is getting old .
i 'm pan/bi nearly 20 years old cis woman .
i have n't really had any dating experience and i would really love some advice on how to initiate flirt and just getting the ball rolling .
cause i love women so much i just dont know how to appropriately express that .
i work two jobs and 3 days out of the week they overlap with about 30 minutes in between .
i work as a substitute teacher in the morning and i deliver pizza at night for a chain that do n't sell stuffed crust so stop asking please .
i usually get to my first job by 7:45 and i never have time to stop and get that sweet bean juice we all call coffee .
a little backstory about the school i work in this school has a high turnover rate since it is an inner city elementary school and is the main reason that i do n't feel i am ready to have little monsters running around .
so by the time my next jobs comes around i am a grumpy person deprived of that roasted bean juice .
as many americans i get my fix at the chain coffee house starstruck .
on this particular day i feel that i deserved better than a grande i deserved better than a venti i deserve a trenta .
if you have never seen one this is 31 ounces of caffeine .
it does n't matter which since it is irrelevant .
i down it all before i get to my second job .
as i am in a large city as soon as i pull up the pies are flying out of the door .
before i know it i am on my first delivery feeling great with a bellyful of dark ichor .
when i return back to home base i start to feel it .
if you have ever drank a little too much coffee it sometimes accelerates your bowel movements .
i was n't worried though since i have been gassy lately .
you may already know where this is going but read on if you are still interested .
for my next delivery i had to take two since they were in the same block .
after delivering the first of the two i happily sat in my car since i got a decent tip .
i chanced a fart but it was n't a fart .
my mind reminded to the day before where i had a venti cold brew and thought uh oh .
combined with the trenta my bowels gurgled in protest .
i had one more delivery in the car with chocolate rain in my pants .
my mind ran quickly and thought there 's a gas station around the corner .
i made my way to 8/12 and parked in the back thinking i could hide .
luckily for me i always keep an extra change of clothes in my car for post workouts .
i shove my extra underwear into my pocket and make my way to the door .
i open it and notice that there are very few people in the store one customer and two cashiers .
i look around for the bathroom and when i spot it i waddle over to it as to not spread my disappointment even more .
i sighed a breath of relief once i locked the bathroom .
when i was doing my business i noticed that there was n't that much in my underwear and i overreacted a bit .
it was so minimal that my underwear was salvageable. but i was n't about to put soiled underwear in my pocket so i tossed it in the trash can .
you would think it was finished there but alas my night of terror is not over yet .
i reached for the toilet paper to wipe only to realize it .
an image flashed through my head of me opening the door and calling out to the cashiers for a roll of tp .
i almost put away my pride and did it when an idea popped into my head .
so i fished out my underwear from this gas station trash can and proceeded to wipe myself with it .
once finished i buried that unsalvageable garment so it would n't get found .
after cleaning up i exited that place so fast and without making eye contact with anybody .
from then on i have been careful with my consumption of that sweet bean juice .
a gas station that was out of to now has soiled underwear in their trashcan .
i 20f have never asked anyone out before and in my boring life no one ever asked me out either .
but i really liked this guy at the place i work .
after weeks of struggling i finally asked him out today .
considering i am introverted it was very hard for me .
now i do n't know how i feel about it .
i am happy that he straight up told me that he does n't feel the same way but at the same time i feel like i should be sad and i kinda have this emptiness inside that feels like nothing .
i do n't know how should i deal with this .
also i will be seeing him every other day .
so i learned the the last eat update made me unable to play civ with my nonmac friends .
i found a solution to use ineedlegacyaccess beta code so we can revert to an older version to play together .
it worked for awhile but now my game keeps crashing .
come to find out that the version we reverted to seems like it had problems with crashing on mac after getting to a certain point in the game .
does anyone know of a way to fix this ?
i 'm tired of seeing downvotes in every single post i made after my first meme .
i 'm just a youngster playing this game and giving my opinion on things that i hate .
every post i make gets downvoted at least 3 times .
i 'm sick of the controversy and the hate .
if i ever offended you i 'm sorry i just hate vips so much that i wish vip never existed .
also i do n't like grinding because that makes the game boring .
every time i see the comments in my posts there is always the dude that says you have to grind '' yes i know i have to grind to get good but it removes the fun from the game .
if you were one of those who actually supported me in my posts thank you .
you guys are amazing as i get a lot of hate in every post i make .
if i ever come back i will keep doing vip discrimination .
i will hate on you yes i 'm talking to you pros .
you just make me lose hope of winning an se and getting any better .
and yes it is hard for me to tolerate negative feedback .
i woke up this morning and feel like my boobs are smaller and less firm .
my maternal grandmother was just past her 95th birthday .
her dementia was advancing and it was often hard for her to remember who she was with .
we were playing cards and she started telling me about her daughter and asked if i 'd met her .
i said of course grandma she 's my mom ! she gasped and looked at me .
i have a granddaughter ? i said yep that 's me grandma ! she started sobbing and said but you 're so nice !
oh i 'm so happy ! we hugged and she cried a little more and then got back to the business of beating me at cribbage .
that was one of my last visits with her and it makes me so glad that i could make her happy with my existence .
that 's what you get for too much obedience following orders despite of what is right .
my co-worker just updated our production database to the latest version and then boom all apps that are connected in the production database are now down because of incompatibility issues we are using marklogic by the way .
i asked him why did he updated first the production database despite of having a staging environment ?
he reasoned out that he updated first the production database because the staging environment has many users boss 's orders '' .
and i also asked if they have a backup yes they have a backup the lastest backup dated back may 2019 .
i 'm just frustrated because i 'm the one cleaning up their mess .
hey i 'm just a junior sysad here it 's above my pay grade ! .
well i was playing some mario kart and i quit mario kart to the wii menu but it had a black screen on open gl help me this is creepy
it does n't matter if i prime moisturize or use eye cream i 'm always getting these little crinkles in the corner of my eye and kind of below it .
it shows up in my makeup and makes me look older than i actually am .
and just four days after making my last post ...
quite a massive slip than the previous ones took down some barriers and visited an old website .
did n't watch anything though the thumbnails and guilt did turn me away not long after .
i have enough safe websites open on my laptop to be entertained for hours mostly just youtube reddit all wikis tumblr amazon thegamecrafter a tokusatsu livestream etc .
if i come across a site that 's safe but it 's blocked i set an add-on to block anything not on my whitelist i can just use the downstairs computer .
so with that in mind i 've had it with urges to disable my barriers .
i 've edited my laptop 's group policy and disabled access to the registry this is of course after a year of throwing in changes to disable access to about addons private browsing and some things regarding windows automatic update .
whenever i try to access the registry it just says it 's been disabled by my administrator '' .
it is just after nine on an exhausting sunday night .
susan and i had a long and unusual weekend .
she is going to bed early do some reading and turn in for the night .
a moment later she returned and left me with a quick comment .
to understand the significance of this comment i must tell you about our weekend .
we bought our little three-bedroom brick ranch within a month of being married .
within two years we had our first son peter .
paul was born a little more than two years after him .
he graduated top in his class and was valedictorian .
he is on a partial scholarship and working his way through college in the southern part of the state .
he tries to come home as much as possible but we only see him four or five times a year .
paul is the athletic type who could have had better grades if he applied himself more .
paul got a full ride through football at a nearby college .
they named him all state for linebackers for schools in our division .
it is the last weekend in july and susan said we had to take him to school .
football practice starts next week and the school is offering orientation this weekend for the freshman players .
we left the house yesterday with both my car and paul 's car full of stuff he just had to have .
it is a forty-minute drive to the college where the dorm monitors and a student affairs assistant met us .
after settling paul in his new home for the next four years we had lunch and a tour of the campus .
it was nearly four o'clock before we were done .
it was a quiet drive as susan lamented the loss of her baby .
we stopped by our favorite restaurant for a quick meal .
we ended up sitting and talking for two hours .
we decided to go dancing to celebrate our newfound freedom .
i know the club we used to attend before having kids is still open .
it has changed considerably in the last twenty years .
everything is in black with mystic colored lights all over .
the bartender has a red mohawk haircut and a skull crossbones coming out of his nose .
the third had indescribable loud music and neither of us knew how to dance to it .
we got home just before 10:00 and my ears were still ringing from the last club .
i know what my father meant when he told me to turn down that loud crap. we watched the last of an old movie and went to bed .
it was five years ago when the doctor told me i had high cholesterol .
after several weeks of arguing susan allowed me to keep my sunday morning breakfast if i would stay on her diet the rest of the week .
two eggs over lightly two sausage links and two pieces of rye toast lightly buttered with strawberry jam is what we agreed .
i always make a third link of sausage for susan when she does not eat it i have to eat it for her .
after five years you would think i would have learned not to make a link for her .
she likes a three-egg omelet with one yolk removed .
top it with sliced ham and some grated cheese .
she will shower as i cook on sunday mornings .
we have been doing this so long it is perfectly timed that when her breakfast hits the table she is coming out for it .
i grabbed the morning paper and sat down to my breakfast .
when i finished eating i notice susan 's omelet was hardly touched and she was poking it with her fork .
she would yell at the boys when they were young for doing what she is doing now .
we started talking about being empty nesters as i ran the water for the dishes .
i washed the dishes the first few sundays we were married .
everyone has a quirk and susan 's quirk is she must wash the dishes .
even when her mother visits susan will rewash after her mother goes to bed .
susan questioned me one time about not washing dishes on sunday mornings .
after the sinks were full i went over and started massaging her back .
i pointed out there is an advantage to having the kids out of the house .
if we wanted we could clear everything off the table and do it right here .
at my age with bad knees this thought was not appealing but it did achieve my goal by susan giving me a chuckle .
when my massaging had gotten down to her upper arms she sprung up and kissed me .
first a little peck on the lips and then a major lip-lock .
she held me tight and i could feel every part of her pressing upon me .
it was if she was trying to squeeze us in to one .
as things became heated i remember thinking to myself this will be a very special sunday morning.
the knob to the back door which leads into the kitchen jiggled .
it jiggled again and then we could hear a key going into the slot .
susan ran for the bedroom and i hid myself in front of the sink and started washing dishes .
there was paul who could not stay away for 24 hours coming through the door .
i need to change the locks. paul had a strange look on his face to see dad washing dishes and mom nowhere in sight .
both boys knew there was only one person who washed dishes in this house .
with a startled stare he asked where 's mom ? i replied she is getting dressed for church .
susan appeared in the kitchen still in her robe with the lie still wet upon my lips .
would you like some breakfast ? he missed breakfast i begrudged him .
well he forgot something and wanted to get it .
she fussed over him for about a half hour before he left .
she went over and started washing the dishes as i read the morning paper .
after a while i did not hear the dishes rattling and wanted to see if i could pick where when rudely interrupted .
she was almost completely dressed when i peered into the bedroom .
before i could say anything she pointed out we needed to get to church early this morning .
after service susan had a function with the women in the church .
i was watching the game on tv when peter called during the third inning .
he related to me the call he got earlier this morning from paul .
paul called him just after nine to explain our strange behavior .
peter told paul that we were probably getting romantically involved when he stopped home unannounced .
susan called at 4:30 saying she was held up and would i get dinner started ?
there is a parlor which started making low fat pizzas .
i called and ordered one with mushrooms onions and peppers .
i showed her the box with low fat in big red letters before she had a chance to chastise me .
she did needle me about half way through the pizza when she said you should have ordered it with italian sausage.
right after dinner i went to the church for a deacon 's meeting .
on the way back home i thought about the events of the day and realized that susan had not said one word about what almost happened this morning .
not knowing made me feel a little anxious whether she was mad or glad about this morning events .
i sat with my arm around her until she announced her intentions to go to bed .
she started down the hall came back and made the comment that reminded me why i love her so i thought you were going to change the locks today.
this is the 28717th time i made this shitty comment .
so i tried logging into the game lite version but whenever i try i keep getting the error listed in the title followed by a failed account verification qimj\_0010\_0 .
never had this happen to me before so any tip is appreciated
what do you guys attach all of the individual armor plates too ?
i 've been clicking my teeth in elaborate rhythms for longer than i can remember starting sometime in child hood .
i have been a drummer since ‘94 which has helped me perfect my silent art .
drumming my teeth is my mantra my way of clearing out unhealthy thought patterns .
nobody knows i 'm doing it but in my world i 'm experiencing something extraordinary and it 's just for me .
i picked up a meditation practice about 10 years ago which melded perfectly with my teeth drumming .
now i can use it as a way into trance which allows me to contact a better part of myself leaving behind unnecessary fears and doubts and all of the garbage that the world seems to push on us .
here 's to you you silent drummers of your own universes i 'm grateful to be a part of your tribe .
look i 'm sorry if this is a stupid question but i genuinely do n't know what the fuck i 'm doing .
i 've only had sex 3 times with this girl i 've been seeing .
she 's told me she wants me to initiate because she likes it when guys do it .
i do n't know how and i know how stupid that sounds .
but i do n't know how you go from just talking to someone to sex .
i just had an interview for an iso consultant position .
i wanted to sell myself and casually stated my company had zero non conformities and 7 strength points to showcase my resume skills .
of course i never stated the negative aspects of the audit .
i will definitely not state the strengths next time just mention multiple strengths points .
the interviewer asked me about it again and kinda giggled when i said we were very proud of our work .
should i be worried i did a negative thing ?
as far as i know iso is n't that confidential thing nor did i take a sump on my current company ...
i managed to catch the beginning of today 's impeachment proceedings before i had to head to classes and i saw that the chief justice called upon a chaplain to lead a prayer .
this was n't even a nondenominational prayer it was a full on christian prayer .
i realized we had next to no separation of church and state but i did n't realize we were an actual theocracy .
for example the cutoff varies by state from 212 or so to 223 .
what would each of those numbers be on the 1520 scale ?
i 'm almost finished with accutane and have heard from dermatologists it 's important to get on a retinoid to maintain clear skin and prevent relapse after treatment .
when can i start and what is the best retinoid for this ?
so i 'm on the the quest explore gyldenhul barrow '' and i entered and it looks like i need the ancient pick axe .
i remember getting it from mallory but i think i got rid of it somewhere .
i 've read posts here from about a year ago but i have n't seen anything recent does anyone regularly take the commuter 380 express https www.380express.com/faresandpasses.php bus to iowa city ?
on their website tickets are listed at 125 per month for unlimited use but i 'd have to get on the bus at the station downtown or at kirkwood so when you tack on driving and parking downtown that adds time and money .
and honestly i 'm not in a high-paying field .
the concept seems really good and i 'm thinking of applying for jobs at the university in the future but i would n't want to drive the commute because i 've heard nothing but horror stories .
but at that price i do n't see any benefits other than not having to drive myself and not adding wear and tear to my vehicle .
just wondering now that it 's been in service for a while if the experience is worth it .
with more than nearby towns independence has 106 houses for sale coffeyville 90 parsons 61 and chanute 41 .
at least 8.5 of the houses for sale in indy are foreclosures even though the housing bust is over in the rest of the country .
no question but that the mc appraiser needs to include foreclosure sales in the appraised value/tax rolls these are currently allowed to be excluded though state law but in markets like this they need to be included .
foreclosure prices very often are half of prior listing price or sales price of the houses .
there may be even more but the following are foreclosed houses currently listed
4177 w myrtle priced at 115,000 previously listed at 159,000
509 s 2nd pending at 15,900 likely sold for less
404 s park now 54,900 prior history deleted from records
many of these have been for sale by their pre-foreclosure owners who apparently owed more than their outstanding mortgage balances .
no question the trend on indy houses is down .
hello everyone ! i 've a gaming channel which got demonetized on december 23rd due to reused content '' so i deleted all of those videos which i felt fall under reused content '' policy then on 23rd january i reapplied but got rejected they did n't even mention about any concrete reason this time i can see there are plenty of channels that does n't have commentry in there videos but still monetized .
i would appreciate if anyone can help me finding out what 's wrong with the content in my channel so that i can make appropriate changes .
i do upload my original gaming video with editing like providing methods to complete hard mission some useful tips high level pvp etc .
i just received my yamaha as-801 last night and i set it up with my apple airport express with airplay last night .
this morning i noticed they with some music there was a noticeable crackling sound on the highs speakers are a pair of pioneer andrew jones floor standing speakers .
at some point i noticed that if i plugged the amp directly into my phone there was no crackle .
i 've never heard this sound when using the airport on any other cheaper amps .
anyone have an idea why i 'm hearing it here ?
i may get an amazon echo as my input or maybe just try the optical port instead .
i know saladin gives high level gear with season of dawn mod slots but what about obelisks ?
sundial dropped few 58 items for me can dawn gear that i get from giving in fractaline give me high stats as well ?
i do n't know how many boys play but if we are enough we could rent a server and have some fun .
and by we '' i mean someone else because i 'm poor .
i am an aunt to a really lovely nephew .
he means a lot to me and i want to of course see him do well in life .
he has expressed interest in joining a boxing club for the past while and i have arranged with a local club for him to begin this saturday .
he is 9 years old and has a serious lack of drive for his school work .
so much so that he pulls many stunts on his mam she has her hands full with other younger and older kids so it 's difficult for her to win these battles and therefore results in missing a lot of schooldays .
as he struggles so much in school i have tried to help all i can .
as he has attention difficulties and behaviour difficulties we all feel it 's best that he stays physically active away from the playstation where possible and gain an interest in boxing which has been something i have also always been fond of and trained in for a long time on and off .
i feel i could be the person to really get his interest and efforts on the road as much as possible at the current age he is which may play a knock on effect in his schooling and other interests becoming better .
the creation of routine i feel would help him a lot and the discipline of a sport such as boxing often sharpens up some characteristics .
like self confidence self presentation as well as physical health and well being and understanding .
he is a very hands on type of kid .
primarily his school studies drifting to the side is the biggest concern but i have some questions for those boxers out there that may have these similarities or parents of these type of children .
1 what 's your best advice for me as an aunt with him now at the start of this boxing experience ?
what other things do you recommend for him during the week ?
such as good videos for him to understand boxing techniques as a child
3 what was your biggest difficulty as a boxer with these similarities ?
4 what 's your best supportive advice that i could pass on to him as the child ?
what main aspect of your training could you have done better with more guidance ?
sorry if this is not a good sub to post in .
guide me to a kore appropriate sub if needs be please.i look forward to reading your replies .
i will take all info on board to my best ability to help my nephews experience .
was wondering is there any database or anything i could look i to to find out information ?
im pricing to rescrew the roof on local council water tank 27 million litres .
i climbed up top and it stank of chlorine the old screws were fairly well corroded but the metal decking was in great condition .
would i be correct in assuming the roof on this kind of infrastructure would be aluminium ?
i 've asked the council guy who contacted me but nobody seems to know if it 's aluminium i need a special screw to allow for expansion is all .
they take the form of ores which is dependent on its axis .
for example mimics spawning below y16 will be disguised as diamond ores .
mimics drop 0-1 of the ore they are taking form .
they attack by throwing pebbles at the player quite rapidly which causes nausea for 5 seconds head trauma .
every few attacks mimics will shoot their special attack which is dependent on their ore form .
must fit into a 1x1 hole with one air block adjacent .
i am looking for a game that was an mmorpg it had a lot of copyrighted materiel .
it was preteen demographic a lot of social aspects like room decorating dancing i think ... etc .
there was a minigame that was an rpg type game where you could earn currency and if you died it played do n't fear the reaper .
i also remember the avatar costumes were fan created i had a gir costume where he was in his dog costume from the show .
i keep thinking of spirals or vortex had something to do with the name .
it was a pretty fun game at the time looking back now the art stealing was n't cool .
it reminded me of like habbo and stuff like that .
edit this is now redundant after the latest changes to the priviliged identity management changes
i made a script to activate pim roles would love some input for just the script
we check the roles again to make sure roles got activated for whatever reason
write-host notice activation can take up to 15 minutes before all pim-required services are updated ''
write-host could not find the pim service module microsoft.azure.activedirectory.pim.psmodule ''
installnow read-host would you like to install the pim service now ?
while installnow.tolower ne y '' or installnow ne n ''
just to make sure we exit at the right time
installnow read-host would you like to install the pim service now ?
write-output this powershell instance is not elvated can not install pim service .
start a new elivated powershell instance and run the command install-module name microsoft.azure.activedirectory.pim.psmodule ''
the central bank umbrella group the bank for international settlements bis has called on more players in the global foreign exchange market with 6.6 trillion to accept the global fx code as some major participants have not yet done so .
the code is a set of good market practices for the global forex market .
a growing number of market participants have already published statements of commitment by signing them .
however large buyer-side participants such as asset management firms did not accept the code launched in 2017 by the foreign currency committee gfxc a global association of currency committees that includes central banks as well as private sector participants .
according to jacqueline loh chairman of the bis market committee for the code to be successful market participants from all segments must realize that code compliance is an implicit part of their participation in the global foreign exchange market .
almost three years after its launch the code will be submitted for consideration this year due to the rapid growth of algorithmic trading the basis of the generally opaque foreign exchange market which currently accounts for more than 80 of transactions on some platforms .
bis also called for the code itself to promote greater transparency and require greater disclosure of trading practices on anonymous trading and algorithmic trading platforms .
be aware of the latest news about european countries with oinvest.com https oinvest.com
prosím dejte do komentářů zde fotky dan krále ať mám nějaký memes templates
hi readers reading this as my title may suggest i am looking for a sub to get to know first then be there master i knew what i am doing and i know what i want
read the script that started the story https www.shorescripts.com/downloadscreenplays\_1980s https www.shorescripts.com/downloadscreenplays_1980s
the thomas brothers brought us a modern monster worthy of classical mythology .
a creature made in the mind that touches the last vestiges of primeval darkness within our modern lives .
little known fact after sylvester stallone 's rocky iv proved to be a huge box office hit back in 1985 earning more than 300 million dollars on a 28-million investment a funny joke started circulating around hollywood that rocky now has to fight a certain kind of an extraterrestrial fighter since he had run out of any real human opposition .
screenwriters jim and john thomas however chose not to giggle at the benevolent joke but instead turned it into the premise of their new project .
the script was entitled the hunter and according to john mctiernan the filmmaker who later directed it it was first envisioned as a rocky meets alien sort of spectacle .
the hunter slowly transformed into predator and what was initially fashioned as a comical and outrageous response to one rocky fan 's witty commentary became one of the staples of the 1980s action filmmaking .
those two are vastly different ... one was pretty great and one is heisman trophy winning backup ...
well it looks like it 's time to leave earth for mars after all .
bill clinton must be hoarse from screaming at the tv by now .
yeah i 've heard a lot of the stuff you 've mentioned .
my point is tywin is good at inspiring fear .
i 've been slowly realizing that kobe got better at pretty much everything he was criticized for .
kobe accused of rape and cheats on his wife ?
goes on to be by all accounts a great family man and becomes a vocal supporter of women 's basketball .
kobe starts calling players up like he 's a life coach and is extremely motivating and engaging .
i assumed it was that one based on the description but wanted to make sure .
i found that when that happens the core of the food actually still has water .
i do an extended dry of 24 hours and then the problem goes away .
i think gdocs is a great option for writing feedback .
if you change the sharing options to anyone with the link can comment '' other people are able to make suggestions on individual sentences words .
it might turn some readers away .. .. .. maybe the best practice would be to do both ?
paste the story into a reddit post also include a link to the gdoc version ?
the shit wo n't hit the fan in the senate .
mcconnell has the votes to deny any witnesses and then vote to acquit trump in friday and that 's what he will do .
the state of the union address will be two solid hours of trump ranting about how he is totally innocent and all his crimes are fantasies invented by a witch hunt .
the absolute soonest trump leaves office is jan 21 2021 .
and much as it really pains me to say it he 's got a fairly good chance of winning a second term .
they asked for references after the phone interview and within an hour they had reached out to my supervisor .
i ended up getting a tentative offer ... 3 months later .
luckily my supervisor is really cool and already knew i was looking for other opportunities .
that should fix the lack of power but what could be the reason for the rattle ?
filing fees service costs deposition costs cost of printing/copying mail and post expert witness costs exhibit preparation costs .
basically anything that you pay your attorney outside his hourly fee .
wtf does being homeless have to do with rights ?
odds are you are a few bad months away from being homeless yourself .
i believe in the 2a but i have been homeless am a veteran have a college degree and have never used a hard drug .
do n't treat the homeless like they are shit because you cant buy the gun you want .
how dare you threaten me with such a great time ... bring on the choking and organ torture😉
or not ordering another one while you 're waiting ?
lol you can see the curb that the wheels are behind .
well i lost about 30 gained it back and now am losing it again .
also i 'm very self conscious about my weight and how i look in public so it motivates me more to lose it again .
posts that are cute funny unique or otherwise tasteful will be removed .
taste is highly subjective so use your best judgement.do not post something you made or own .
please message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/atbge if you have any questions .
because it 's ignorant to make such general and absolute restrictions on diet based on completely unreliable observational research .
what kind of data exists that can distinguish the health benefits from the fact that vegans are more likely to drink less smoke less eat less and exercise more ?
not to mention how veganism so fundamentally contradicts the diets of our ancestors .
we hardly even understand the underlying mechanisms but still we know better than millions of years of evolution .
same applies to all that processed crap we eat .
problems today are a result of the excess and quality of the foods we choose to consume ⁠— not because we eat meat and dairy .
the fact that this is right under the original post in my feed is truly something
and brexit was also never supposed to happen the way it did .
the majority of the eu has clearly stated that scotland could be allowed into the eu as a unique case .
what are your dreams do u hav an idea where u wan na be in the future it can be anything im opened to hearing wat they are
this is a sport i actually would want to watch .
at half time doggy treats can be dropped on the field .
are you even aware which subreddit you 're in right now muppet ?
tfw you have n't played since pokémon red and you hear the kids taking about how hard it is to come back
my problem with john is that he 's a hypocrite .
he says that those with the most power are responsible yet he has the most power but hands his responsibility to others .
if anyone has the power to tear down a hierarchy it 's a king and he is one one that does n't use his power to fix anything .
his way of fixing '' things is to create anarchy a power vacuum with him at the center .
he could end everything in a moment but refuses to do that .
i think a good tip for vibrato and crazy soul bending is to use more than one finger .
you can definitely do them with a single finger but if you watch people like b.b king or john mayer play you 'll notice a lot of times they just grip the fretboard with all 4 fingers and their thumb around the back .
they 're using all of their fingers at once on the strings so they can really just freely bend with no reservations .
of course they often pull off and use a single finger for bending too but the multi-finger trick just makes it way easier .
b.b king the thrill is gone https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4fk2prknyni
in this video you can see how he uses both a single finger and a 4-finger grip .
awesome i ca n't wait to try this out !
damn les claypool superjam who did he invite to jam with him ?
you 're just eating less i 'm confused and think you
except biden also told a voter to go vote for trump '' .
i 've mentioned this band at shows before to people who 've never heard of them and the look of horror i get when they do n't know the band and just hear the title are insane
saw your video today man good job your buddy did well too even if his landing was on his back !
fish is just as good just expires and requires you to do the dagon dungeon .
that and some potions buff stats that fish doesnt numbing ingestion etc .
hey while we 're talking about interactions during the game one of the feature i loved in hs were all the different element on the board i could interact with i loved to discover new boards and i think it would be amazing to have something like that here
yeah bringing attention to this is more likely gon na end up with blizzard fixing it by closing the loophole .
the arguments get dumber and more shrill and the proponent even less self-aware each time they try to defend their hobbesian mental vomit .
like literally it could still very much be the case that even a less-than-optimal government is welfare-enhancing on net anarchy may be the worst idea ever but that doesnt change the fact that your arguments and the entirety of social contract theory are the most baseless and farcical of ideologies in existence .
you 'd think on an econ sub where there 's no shortage of good empirical and theoretical arguments for all sorts of government interventions that the world could be free of this statist autism for at least a short while .
they say it only works when cbg cbc are manufactured in a fucking lab .
when i read a formal poem i look for things that are beautiful words rhythms precision atmosphere mood images and you might call all of this heightened language .
the ability for verbal relish to me is the sweetness of the poem .
that moment of a kiss when the world disappears is appropriate for iambic pentameter .
what i wished i was there are unique and specific words or simple flourishes like antithesis or a list or onomatopoeic words .
for me the sound and feel in the lips is one of the true pleasures of poetry .
something that a lot of poets miss is a developing of a narrative .
sometimes we must construct the world before the embrace so we might experience as the reader that which slips away .
these simple yet effective techniques i believe will elevate your poetry to a more thoughtful state .
hunter renfrow just keeps grinding and finishes in wr 15-20 range in ppr
i agree with you i 'm not believing china is giving us the real numbers .
i 've only been looking at the numbers other countries are publishing and although the infection rates are growing the death toll has n't yet as of today .
kobe is largely despised in colorado because the rape occurred in vail .
but reveals the kind of man you are when you lie about an alleged crime to shame someone days after his death .
even his wiki page has kobe 's pubic apology to the 19 year old he had sex with admitting that the girl did not consent to the acts .
it is interesting how many people know this and still call kobe a great man '' .
it 's interesting how many fucks like you get their highs moonlighting as celebrity griefing trolls .
if you ever choose to move out of your mother 's basement the washingtonpost has an opening for libelous fucks who speak ill of the dead for political purposes .
so on the station after first meeting nexus correct ?
so you 're definitely going to have to go off book and you 'll have a bit of prepwork to do .
you 're gon na need to design a luos aven ship interior as the party will be escaping .
it should be made clear to the party that despite any attempts to negotiate or any attempt to give up nexus they 're up for execution in about 24 hours .
they have knowledge of nexus even if it is n't a lot and thus they are an extreme liability .
now statwise the ship they are on is an oculus-class pioneer vessel but due to some inconsistencies in sizing and amount of party fielded it would be safe to assume this uses those stats but is actually a larger vessel than medium sized .
if that 's the case it 's likely the aia impounded their ship in the hangar bay so they have a way out .
if you do n't like that the party also has the option of stealing fighters .
ya move on to a homebrew campaign where they are now on the run as fugitives .
as long as they bring nexus along you can continue the campaign .
so you 'll want to give them some opportunity to start their escape .
let them try to slip bonds let them observe guards and look for an opportunity but they should know they do n't have much time .
they probably have an idea of the layout at least from the hangar to the brig .
they are probably also interrogated at some point so that is a bit more moving about the ship .
it 's not gon na be easy but you should definitely give them a fighting chance .
a scrappy crew will be able to overpower and take someone .
also it should be noted that while aia members are probably lightly armed on the ship especially guards it 's doubtable they stay in full space-ready combat gear with individual comms so you might adjust the stats to account for that !
hopefully this gets you off to a great start and if you have any more questions let me know !
im not up set about anything dude literally just got into the game lol all ima is this ive played wow from classic all the way through battle for azeroth an one thing i see in the wow community that i also have seen in the for honor community is that tiger heart loyalty for the game that takes it to ten years plus this playerbase has that spark all that blah blah '' your saying im talking about isnt bullshit its facts that im basing my conclusions on an the success of the game is relevant to that .
no you are for calling me one second look at the dudes cake day if you would have said for honor will get 3 more years back in seasons 1-3 they 'd say you had a dreamers view too lol .
im out yall killing my hype for the den tomorrow .
my parents live in a nicer suburb and there 's a lot of restaurants that charge gastropub prices and very clearly get their menu from sysco .
he looks like the crazy uncle who comes over on a tuesday drinks a whole bottle of whisky wrestles your kids for an hour and then passes out on your living room floor
he was one of the stronger support options in the guardian class at the end of season 6 !
thank you for taking the time to post this .
one of my docs has one he lent me .
it 's ridiculous how many slots are wasted on it .
considering he paid them quite a bit i wonder if bbb they 'll also teach mjf how to swim .
she has the whole package fluffy ears great gameplay jiggle physics sparkly eyes when talking about money etc .
her interlude is also one of the funniest i 've played .
if the guess is right messina needs to give that card lol
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/nukedmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
like i 'm not hating or anything i 'm just wondering .
as long as the character is fun to play i do n't character if they 're straight gay lesbian bi or trans
i need to know how big the turtle is .
what your basking and water temps are and what uv bulb you are using exactly and how far away from the turtle it is .
unfortunately your post has been removed due to having a short undescriptive title .
post titles in r/oddlysatisfying must describe the content shown in the image/gif/video .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/oddlysatisfying if you have any questions or concerns .
evee bene knocked down by your own shitty teammates .
i was once knocked on purpose and so was the whole team by this one iraqian .
guy becaus ei was american which he said this i was knocked and killed .
the_zookrew is having an auction on their page right now til tomorow 5pm for a complete with a bunch of extras💪🏼🙌
and exactly 2 combinations of the first 2 numbers he chose .
and how many combinations of the pattern with 3 digits ?
the chimp did n't start with all the digits .
this task clearly requires higher order understanding of numerals and memory skills we can not imagine .
the chimp knows nothing about numbers in any way shape or form .
these people go to hell like the boiler rooms of hell
there are an entire array of after sex smells .
watch out the uppity up 's will definitely let you know about what you just asked
ur gon na wan na stay with haja andreani is not the best
bernie occasionally bends the knee just to keep them from smearing him .
but you can tell his heart 's not in it and the fact he has to defend himself from their smears in the first place is telling in terms of what sjws think of him .
remember when they flipped out on aoc for endorsing bernie because he 's the og of everything she believes rather than warren because vagina ?
bernie will probably pivot away from wokeness in the general .
yeah sjws would try to take credit for it retroactively but it would ring completely hollow and the party leaders are n't stupid .
you do n't get where they are without being a brilliant cutthroat political chessmaster .
i mean pro-bernie breadtubers https pbs.twimg.com/media/epo5oxgu8amrgb9.png are starting to get redpilled on gg because they 're watching the same tactics be used against them now .
when that starts spreading i think identity politics is fucked .
not instantly but the handwriting will be on the wall .
but seriously go on r/wayofthebern and say something pro-economic left but anti-pc you 'll get upvoted .
or just look at how they respond to people who try to pull woke garbage there .
yeah there 's no need to word it they way they are .
i have a small business i 've developed a few products for and if i want a friend to test something i would message something like hey i have a new x can i send you some to try ? '' .
the only reason to beat around the bush is if you 're doing something shady .
however at the same time i gave myself the jeebs while reading and thinking about touching down there .
i wo n't let that stop me tho and i 'll practice ! !
also was n't it clear from melissa 's tone that she was n't actually calling everyone losers ?
like how can these women not pick up on tone/phrases .
and they keep saying they have thick skin '' ...
yeah it also explains akaza 's response to koku during the upper moon gathering .
actually rereading that chapter akaza specifically asks if koku has arrived .
they were transformed into demons both during the same era and probably because the first two demon moons .
we know douma joined much later than akaza and seeing how he was upper moon 6 in daki/gyutaro 's flashback he somehow jumped from number 6 to number 2 .
considering that the upper moons have n't changed numbers/ranks in a century douma might have defeated akaza in a blood battle .
we never did get to see douma 's full power .
that 's all pretty much head cannon i might be reading way too much into it though .
no worries you can have it back new code 6420
hey my generic workplace harassment training yesterday had the exact same scenario except for the gender of the client .
i assume it means it arrived in switzerland but i 'm not 100 sure .
was going to say it looks like a school photo when i saw your comment .
not up to hancho 's usual standard this is just ... gossip ... from years ago .
we should try to tell infinity ward this as well .
well shit another upgrade i need to do ... ugh i think i will have to circle back to this one though .
never heard of cases like that me entire life .
it might 've happen somewhere i dont know but its extremely rare .
naomi is arguably the most athletic woman on the roster with bianca
and asuka and kairi are the best at math .
those are hookie numbers you got ta pump those numbers up
we work hard to keep this a supportive community .
our sidebar and wiki https www.reddit.com/r/abortion/wiki/index include links to many good resources .
you may also wish to download the euki app https womenhelp.org/en/page/1082/euki-app for ios or android phones .
if you are seeking abortion in the usa you can find clinics at i need an a https ineedana.com and funding at the national network of abortion funds https abortionfunds.org/need-abortion .
if you are outside of the usa and in a country where abortion is illegal women on web https www.womenonweb.org may be able to help you access the abortion pill .
the moderators ca n't stop people from sending you private messages and there are jerks who are going to send you unwanted messages .
please go here https www.reddit.com/prefs/blocked and select only trusted users '' or whitelisted '' as your message preference in order to avoid these .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/abortion if you have any questions or concerns .
cant even describe how amazing these are and ive been a subscriber for a while but never commented on the great stuff so ima say thank you so much for these ! !
actually i think texas did do that a few times .
they habe a really defiant and interesting state history .
i mean it was part of mexico not that long ago ...
so if israel can make claims on ancestral land 3000 years in the past .
anything with our modern lines may very well change .
especially something as britain not being a united kingdom in an age when every trace of the empire and monarchy are symbolic at best .
i mean quebec is culturaly distinct enough and if it wanted to be an independent soverinty it could maybe offer enough to the us to get recognition like hong kong .
it would still be part of canada but if the citizens overwhelming pushed for removal through democratic means the us would be able to use that as justification for recognition and stop any real candian response .
after that the citizen adopt the usd and the country could be like peurto rico where it 's maintains special independence .
of course canada would need to have some major diplomatic fumbles for a ridiculous idea like this to exist .
i would love to ! but i am 13 and most importantly i dont use discord .
the courage to publicly ask for a little push is proof that you 're growing .
you finally got out of your own way and took a chance .
can we talk and maybe you could give me some pointers and insider info ?
average sentence his sheer brilliance brought in 3d shankar to the 22 yarns podcast on wicketkeepers with deep dasgupta as the keeper and kallis at the same xi or would we have any all rounders who can get in the house !
https www.reddit.com/user/bot4bot/comments/aecodj/welcome_to_ubot4bot remove this comment https www.reddit.com/user/bot4bot/comments/aecx9n/remove_this_comment contact the owner https www.reddit.com/user/shimmyjimmy97
their historic context is kill the unbelievers '' and they 're literally still doing it .
you think america hates muslims for any reason other than religious ideology ?
we 've been invading their countries for centuries for exactly that reason and even in the modern world we force religion on people in the form of laws .
the judeo-christian religions are inherently violent inflexible and hateful .
the day they die off is the day humanity will be immeasurably improved .
2. run usr/bin/ruby e curl fssl https raw.githubusercontent.com/homebrew/install/master/install and press return/enter
3. it may ask for a password its the one for your user account
6. once its done open a new terminal window by pressing command+n
7. plug your device into the pc and enter iproxy 4444 44 in the new window
9. in the first window type ssh root localhost p 4444
10. respond with yes to any questions it asks when it asks for a password it will be alpine
the anti skate issues was fixed a few years ago and the new x version last year lp120**x has some improvements .
i 've been talking about all-girls schools just like the comment i was replying to not racial segregation or schools that ban children of gay parents .
as long as there are public schools available and all students ' rights to an education can be met there 's no good reason to ban students from using voucher money to attend an all-girls school a school that requires a statement of faith etc .
your allowing tax-payer money to be funneled into organization that discriminate against the public .
why should i be forced to give some of my money to an organization that refuses to serve me ?
i 've clearly stated that our goal should be to serve the best interest of the students rather than uphold non-discrimination '' as an end in itself without consideration for what actually helps people flourish .
do you know what helps lgbt youth and drops their suicide rate ?
black people can not have a hard time finding work and also have a historically low unemployment rate not dissimilar to whites while also being regularly discriminated against .
maybe they 're working harder putting forth more effort to gain employment in order to overcome regular discrimination and achieve that similar employment rate to whites .
they absolutely can have a harder time while still achieving the same results .
i 've no sources or studies to back that idea up .
babamın bir atasözü vardır sağlığınız için yeni rakı için .
en sevdiğim araba murat 131. tekno ve kemençeye bayılırım .
dayak yemeyi severim en uyuz olduğum şey tek sıgaramın istenmesi .
i know this is n't a popular opinion but i really enjoyed zero hour .
and perhaps they either rented a car and drove into san francisco or they took the train and rented from there to do a bay arear tour .
i was n't really watching beauty youtube when marlena was big and as someone who never knew of her until about 1.5 years ago i only hear of her when she is involved with drama .
first it was the 60k to influencers and granted it seemed extreme for an influencer to demand that but it was also a bit ... iffy to make this huge video just to shade one person !
then it was her inserting herself into the drama surrounding jaclyn hill and the vault collection something that had nothing to do with her .
and that has been a pattern of hers she seems to insert herself into everything and i 'd argue that every time she is spoken off it 's because she did n't stay in her lane !
i wish you a successful search lawes said rising up from the unfortunate chair that had to sustain his weight making him curiously wonder if the man 's bottom was just as red and sweaty as his face ''
yeah most people do n't play killer how they should .
but they 'll likely stay that rank if they 're only camping anyways lol .
probably going to be some sort of film about the early life of napoleon .
definitively only get involved with a parent if you are prepared to deal with the issues .
i do n't get why so many people like pizza .
like it 's okay if i 'm feeling really lazy and do n't want to cook but it 's never great .
i feel like often the ingredients are better outside the pizza .
i would much have have some fresh mozzerella basil tomatoes and sourdough then i would a pizza .
the cheese goes from being good to being a greasy mess .
looks a bit like jelly lmao but still looks great
i 'm gon na have to drink this over and get back to you later .
roger if you have reddit we love you man !
one b is not going to automatically ding you most likely .
halep or mugu is nightmare matchup for kenin has not really faced baseline swingers like this all tournament coco gauff being the exception .
whoever wins here also comes in high form i would be surprised if kenin trumps any of these two .
he made some big saves in clutch moments i do n't think he was that bad
tv really isnt the best place for information '' anymore
use essence interrupter+rakham 's field boots ability on yourself before starting a fight .
having a priest casting salvation of time can help you keep the buff longer .
elon has said that currently engineering talent is going towards crew dragon with less that 10 going towards starship .
let the roads lead you to warm sands kind traveler ''
i 've been wanting more insight on the boneworks world and this would be a great bridge to that
if you want to go around in jimbaran or the other main tourist attraction it is better to go around with a motorbike .
check out melalie it is a motorbike rental application that has been working with many motorbike vendors in bali !
it is fast easy delivery always use a new motorbike and the price is fixed !
you can use website or application to book your favorite motorbike
that was the times i remember mastika coverage on black metal goat head and what not lmao .
at 40 we prefer to be wined and dined .
i 've died to sweaty players 4 raids in a row on labs .
in a fifth raid a hacker killed me thru the walls of the weapons testing room which is entirely bullet proof and i 'm pretty much done with labs .
inside weapons testing i had killed a 3 man with altyns/blackjacks/gen4s and the hacker came for me as soon as i had all that shit in my backpack/person .
we are the ones who chooses salvation or not .
you could use that point against a calvinist tho .
you made a broad statement about alberta having abysmal results pisa results are a relevant counterexample .
please do provide that data that you are referencing though i 'm very curious as to how you deduced that alberta was beat '' by other countries in the education at a glance report when the province was not mentioned and the report largely focuses on metrics surrounding participation in various levels of education worldwide not on achievement .
i do n't understand what you mean by separate grids .
do you mean that teachers need to be qualified exclusively to teach only junior or senior ?
the only context for grids '' in alberta education is the teacher salary grid and i do n't see how separating junior from senior salaries would change anything .
and you said that alberta has abysmal results for the money spent '' implying that our spending on education is too high whereas it is in line with the rest of canada .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
also applies to any posts on our banned reposts https imgur.com/a/0xbwbm3 album .
yes this is a bait and switch manoeuvre but this gets posted here 10 times a day and we 're sick of it .
many people have posted their own version of this topic and there 's just too many so it counts as a reposted topic .
if you feel this was done in error or would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the mods .
https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/assholedesign if you send a message please include a link to your post .
in my experience iphone actually lasts longer if you use your phone very intermittently .
my samsung used to lose charge while in my pocket .
mate such a good idea i really do n't enjoy the suppressor models these are a brilliant alternative
i believe that i just heard today that the full house of representatives did n't authorize the house committee to issue subpoenas .
so any subpoenas they purportedly issued were invalid from the beginning .
so it sounds like the comment above attributed above to justin amash is false or misleading .
so that everyone is clear trump 's team is simultaneously arguing that the house should enforce its subpoenas in court and that it is unconstitutional for a court to enforce the house 's subpoenas . ''
a subpoena which is resisted can be addressed in a court .
but if that entity issuing such a subpoena was n't authorized to issue that subpoena then any court considering the issue will simply reject the idea that a valid subpoena was ever issued .
slip opinion 1 house committees ' authority to investigate for impeachment the house of representatives must expressly authorize a committee to conduct an impeachment investigation and to use compulsory process in that investigation before the committee may compel the production of documents or testimony in support of the house 's power of impeachment .
the house had not authorized an impeachment investigation in connection with impeachment-related subpoenas issued by house committees before october 31 2019 and the subpoenas therefore had no compulsory effect .
the house 's adoption of resolution 660 on october 31 2019 did not alter the legal status of those subpoenas because the resolution did not ratify or otherwise address their terms .
please refrain from spamming and/or otherwise gaming the system .
yeah i 'll probably be here until the end of march
watch it eventually be renamed dream ark or something similar in the next year or so
just a ton of chorus and reverb on the vocals !
after he starts sacc-ing his food tokens using 2 mana to prevent massacre girl 's effect ?
if they sacrifice food for mana with goose you ca n't stop that but you can just counter the massacre girl herself .
it may prepare you better for the future but i would n't say that it is easier .
is this why i have that thought every day while driving ?
i could just veer left or jerk the wheel and crash the car right now . ''
shit is terrifying especially if it happens when i 'm driving with someone in the car .
right now it is hard for me to decide especially since i am the kind of guy who likes to keep things open .
so far i have compromised so each character starts off kind of basic then chooses a class rather than players choosing a class day 1
life felt much better back then just me and my friends playing custom championship .
i 'll piss when you expect it the least .
i think a lot of people start with an ob gyn .
i started with ob gyn and then went to an endocrinologist .
i had more complicated questions about gender issues and hormones in relation to treating pmdd so i found an endocrinologist that specialized in gender services .
so what are you hoping for as far as treatment ?
birth control ssris iuds are generally the first things to try .
this time it 's definitely real believe me folks we have the best projections .
you ca n't actually damage the titan without destroying the tower or the phoenix .
so i did n't get a chance to watch the third .
the addiction existed before prices were raised that high ?
you might not want to smoke but somebody should n't have to be wealthy if they want to .
i assumed that because i included myself in the reminder that it would come across matter of fact or instructional ... but i guess in the future i might say consider/be aware of your position of privilege '' ... do you think that comes across better ?
being fat all my life helps you know.. im now going 6times a week the past 6 months .
after awhile its not hard anymore and you look foward to it and start enjoying it after u see progres sorry for my bad english
fucking lol they 've made not giving them abuse .
lol that would probably work actually cause i spend my money on helping people and looking after people and generally rich people do n't help until they have an extreme surplus .
i can tell you one thing i 've found is that there 's no team commands on bedrock .
found that out the hard way when i wanted to create a battle arena where you could team up with mobs you summoned .
it was the whole visual point with versus xiii .
other ff games are either medieval or steampunk at most diesel in the case of vii early 20th century in the case of viii or decidedly more sci-fi like xiii .
vs xiii on the other hand was set in the most obvious parallel of our modern times with lucis being very clearly based on shinjuku .
this stood in contrast to both xiii and type-0 also fnc games where neither is super modern .
type-0 hems closer to viii in terms of what 's presented .
xv 's problem however is completely taking us out of the city and throwing us into what is basically a national park in the american midwest .
which is not what most of us who were interested in what vs presented were as interested in .
of course even as vs it had very clear outdoor segments as shown off in 2011 .
but the main thing was the increased presence of modern cities .
as a whole the end game fails to really play around with the fantasy aesthetic against a modern realistic backdrop .
largely because we 're rarely in situations where it can be in focus and civilization and the world is rarely given real focus .
lucis is just a wasted dungeon lestallum is tiny and unimportant and altissia gralea and tenebrae are all under underutilized .
really the only things that really get any real focus is having to push your car buying gas and showing off cooked foods .
there 's hardly a point where modern conveniences or hassles play any role .
it 's a shame because i was looking forward to the modern elements as a further exploration of the relationship between fantasy/reality as presented in viii .
de unde dintr-o simpla poza cu o femeie cu propriul deget bagat in ciocolata ai scos tu o tipa care sa iti suga cucu pentru o cioco '' ?
te doare capu cata prostie si imbecilitate in threadul asta .
credeam ca doar in vest sunt idioti sjw dinastia care mananca orice rahat le baga media pe gat .
thailand does n't require malaysians to have six months left on their passports .
and the player has to be quicksold within the last 7 days
have to agree they use physics and interactions to the right parts of the game .
the only thing i wish they had was jumping .
a significant part of the private sector is on strike though .
oil refineries for example which is a crucial part of the strike as they 're impact on the economy can potentially be huge .
a reason why the public sector is over represented is probably because more of them are unionised for example .
a lot of the mainstream news media portrays this as a public sector-only strike and accuse the strikers to only want to keep the « special regimes » that public servants have for they 're retirement which consider the different disadvantages their jobs offer that this pension plans to eliminate .
teachers get a better pay during the last 6 months of their career while getting small wages throughout their career .
their retirement pension is calculated on the last 6 months of their career which will compensate the inequalities within the population after they retire .
this make people want to be teachers more which we desperately needs .
macron 's pension reform is not only about universalising the pensions even though it is what the media talks about the most .
this strikes are not about a bunch of public servants wanting to keep their privileges as the media once again portrays it .
it is planning on changing the whole system for a point system and a full pension retirement age which will be able to move throughout the years according to the budget available .
and macron capped the expenses for pensions a couple years ago to 14 of the gdp .
people are therefore bound to retire later and later every year .
the point system disadvantages the whole population those born after 1975
our system used to base your allowance on the 24 best years of your career while this new system will take into account the whole career .
france has one of the best pension system in the world it does need negotiations and reforming but we do not need to change systems .
this reform is a mistake and my generation will suffer the most from it .
i 'd gladly take a heart attack match over the more likely outcome .
fat is n't healthy per se but that 's not our problem .
if people are fat they 're still people and we dont have to comment on their weight ever .
that 's what body positivity with fat people is really about i believe .
i 'm so over 'salamence is a type lol ' posts .
you might not give many thought to that until you yourself lose dominant hand fingers and have to come to terms with living rest of your life with stubs only for them to regrow like nothing happened .
without immediate action to halt deforestation and start replacing lost trees half of the entire amazon rainforest could become savannah within 15 years ''
we have zero years to save the amazon rainforest .
these vague just over the horizon timetables do not help ... especially when they blatantly distort facts .
climate change deniers throw bs at the wall like spaghetti to see what sticks without concern for facts .
scotland might not even fit the fiscal prudence criteria lol
a lot of large corporations use donations to offset payable taxes
the american team started berating the ref and counting the seconds '' out loud .
they were not seconds and this hardly ever gets called .
at 6 the ref called it as she was releasing the ball .
the ref allowed themselves to get bullied by a team that thinks they should win every game .
there are disabled folks on food stamps people that for whatever reason ca n't work .
if they 're bigoted and dont work to change it they 're just co-opting the vocabulary of feminism to camouflage their prejudice and justify their lack of introspection .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions you can message the mod team here https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes replies to this removal comment may not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
i know on my post most of what he was saying boiled down to '' yeah rwby is bad but fma b is also not perfect !
so the point he was arguing was entirely moot anyway .
i just find it stupid to cater to a vocal minority instead of ...
i do n't know banning the guy everyone collectively downvotes repeatedly ?
sorry i could n't find any clue about how to read in a brief search .
and also i do n't even know if it 's japanese or chinese because the font shape of 虎 looks like simplified chinese .
of course it maybe have been caused by some variations in handcarving though .
ref 虎 on wiktionay in japanese https ja.wiktionary.org/wiki e8 99 8e in chinese https zh.wiktionary.org/wiki e8 99 8e these maybe not shown accurately depend on browser though .
judging by the picture he 's talking about the fight from the next year https youtu.be/xxmswsz44wi where they fought off the opening faceoff .
lemieux had to save face after turtling in the fight you mentioned
and ist there more bedding than we see on the picture ?
ive seen some really really bad cages for hamsters so sorry for being sceptical .
hi auditioneers please be informed that our server maintenance will proceed today january 29 2020 at 9:30 pm pst 12:30 am est 6:30 am cet.thank you for your continuous support .
server will be closed by then until further notice.update we would like to inform everyone that our server maintenance today has been postponed and will be on friday.you can keep on playing d thank you and see you in-game !
bot created to announce steam news automatically powered by steamkiwi.com http steamkiwi.com .
if you are a moderator and wish to request this bot to post news to your subreddit or stop posting to your subreddit please pm u/etaew .
but to be fair most of the unplayed games in my library are from old humble bundles i played one or two of the games i was interested and the rest got added just to see if i ever wanted to test them ... that never happened
personally i feel that this is n't the correct solution as it does n't really tackle the actual deficit just makes it less relevant .
alliance cities will still be empty chat channels barren .
we need to give people a reason to play the alliance and get those cities popular again on horde servers .
no a dark lamp is n't literally a dim light but a lamp with a light filter that makes most stuff look purple but colours or shades like white will appear brighter .
i do n't think a dark lamp would work with black ink but it 's a good way of explaining the principle of using a different kind of light to make the ink appear more clearly .
as i said i 'm no expert on this so i would n't know exactly what specific light to use if it would work at all but i wanted to throw the idea in the air .
i just think guild palace should 've been layered only to begin with .
while i was in the navy a duffelblog article came out saying the navy would hire psychics so leadership could implement njp 365 .
a program that punishes sailors before they commit a crime .
they would use the team of psychics to determine if a sailor was going to commit a crime in the future and then they would punish the sailor now so the sailor could n't commit the crime later .
this would put sailors on restriction reduce them in rank and take away their money .
no lots of seaman on the ship i was on were freaking out and claiming it was bullshit the navy was going to implement njp 365 .
to this day that article is the best satire i have ever seen because it so obviously satire yet had so much panic because it was published .
people walk into bars/clubs perfectly normal but they come out complete arseholes once they 've hit the beer and drugs a little too hard .
then theres the rival door firms which would attack clubs in order to take the contracts from them .
but that was more of a 90 's thing when violence dominated the scene .
i 'm a little confused if starfleet and the romulans are cooperating to investigate the borg cube .
neither that nor crashing at it with another car will help lol
i 'm a skeptic but this is n't a good argument to me .
the science is settled on whether large amounts of drugs and alcohol negatively affect the function of the liver but we continue to study it to refine our understanding further and discover incrementally better methods of treating it .
but it 's not like we 're continuing to study it because we are n't yet sure whether large amounts of alcohol are actually good for liver function or not .
i dont believe that the science is settled '' on a large portion of the debate on climate trends or policy recommendations .
however simply because they continue to fund studies on climate is n't a hypocritical gotcha '' indicator that we actually do n't know anything .
the rule is if we do n't see the banging it 's not a hentai
but none of them are censored ... they literally have 4 stand up comedy contracts with netflix .
and a large part of them are usually just angry their jokes are n't being laughed at so instead of doing self reflection and trying to write better material they blame the audience .
https hackinformer.com/2018/05/09/snickerstream-screen-sharing-capture-application-for-3ds-2ds needs homebrew but this laptop to tv is the closest you will get really i have heard of a hard mod but not finding anything on it at the moment for some reason
because they do n't have the anatomical requirements to develop into a civilization .
a malfunctioning light switch is a literal light switch for a nightmare for me .
it 's especially odd because when i dream of zombies or some other monster whatever i 'm always so willing to fight .
i can fight a zombie but i shut down when i ca n't get the lights to work ?
i 'd prefer my house pitch black if it were n't for my wife and kids .
ready to have night sweats lose lots of sleep and maybe throw up
all books are either never read or only flipped through .
all books will be well padded and shipped in a box not bubble mailers !
all prices include shipping and paypal fees price listed is what you pay .
batman by snyder and capullo omnibus vol 1 flipped through like brand new !
https imgur.com/a/o7kkho6 https imgur.com/a/o7kkho6 70 shipped all fees included sold ! !
green lantern by johns omnibus vols 1-3 all 3 opened and flipped through but like new https imgur.com/a/poyvnfb https imgur.com/a/poyvnfb 200 shipped all fees included sold ! !
do not want to break up the 3 books .
new teen titans omnibus vols 1-4 vol 1 opened and flipped through vols 2-4 still sealed . https imgur.com/a/9bpgcvm https imgur.com/a/9bpgcvm 190 shipped all fees included
do not want to break up the 4 books. sold ! !
star wars by jason aaron omnibus sealed https imgur.com/a/chky7la https imgur.com/a/chky7la 70 shipped all fees included sold ! !
with them being alive very important moments and motivations never happened for laurel and thea .
and arrow reverted these characters development and erased black canary in a way .
in the future dinah said there is no record of black canary existing which means that laurel never became black canary before she died so dinah never took her mantle .
big reason for laurel 's ascend into darkness and drinking which lead to her taking the mask from her dead sister was tommy 's dead .
if he was alive and they were married then why would laurel decide to fight crime like a masked vigilante when her sister dies and not by the law .
she would not have the addiction and the darkness that pushed her into the vigilante mentality .
big reason for thea to join malcolm and allow him to train her was because she saw how her mother was brutally killed .
she was not an orphan any more and she had her mother to still advice her so why would she join merlyn ?
the other point that should be considered is that tommy sacrificed himself so laurel to live but by bringing him back to live he ends up the one to see how she dies .
moira sacrificed herself so her kids to live but by bringing her back they made her watch how her son dies .
his dead was the one that made siren turn into the good side but if he never died then siren did n't had a reason for her redemption .
so arrow did n't really gave us happy endings .
they just erased all the plot lines they created all the developments and all the motivations for the mere fact that they can have all the characters back for oliver 's funeral .
i 'm looking at the dr. berg gallbladder support currently but is very expensive to ship it to canada .
as of now i have centurion 20 with gaius marius 13 for farming both upgraded in the gathering tree .
for barbs and most other combat i have lohar 20 upgraded in peacekeeping and minamoto 10 upgraded in cavalry with a cav army of 20,000 strong atm .
but because i started as china i also have sun tzu but i have no clue as where to use him and what tree to level/who to use him with .
i am in a active alliance and they have been pretty helpfull but i wanted to ask some of you who have been playing a little longer .
i 've been thinking about a new weapon idea for red dead .
i feel that a revolving rifle would be a good edition to the world of red dead .
it would be a middle ground between the rifles and repeaters .
it would work well for those like me that dont like the more modern feel of the bolt action but want more punch and accuracy than the lancaster and litchfield respectively .
this would give it a 63.8 overall rating being on par with the aforementioned weapons .
6 shots and 45 fire rate being better than the bolt action but not quite the mid range superiority the repeaters have with their ammo capacity .
i see this weapon being released alongside a cowboy or ranch hand role .
let me know if you can think of any balance or overall improvements that you think could be made .
never dated before never had a relationship.. i get catcalled sometimes but i just feel like i 'm not attractive enough to actually get someone 's real attention .
tho sometimes i find myself so beautiful but i just do n't know why no one is approching me .
im not the type of girl who go after boys cause iv already been rejected by a guy he sisterzoned me lmao so i do n't make the first step anymore and now i think that men should do that they are n't the chasers for nothing .
with the 174hz from the solfeggio scale acting as a natural anesthetic .
youtube video https youtu.be/gvsi2xayy9a 🎵174hz natural anesthetic anticipating harmony with god 7th energy center 🧠 delta to gamma
so i 've been playing cs for 3 years now and it started to really annoy me because of cheaters griefers etc .
i came to level 30 in siege but for some reason i still dont want to play ranked since i get wrecked in 3/5 matches .
i got myself iq ash and twitch for attackers and castle and jager for defenders .
my playstyle is aggresive but i also can play slowly .
i have one question tho whats with the recoil patterns ?
so do you have any advices for new player to get better atleast a bit ?
i live in england in a small village so a pretty rural area .
just an hour ago i was waking up upstairs and heard my mum talking to a man in a strangely sounding situation .
once he left my mum came upstairs and broke down in tears explaining that the man just stripped on her in the kitchen and asked her to feel his penis .
she 's now absolutely terrified and i 'm worried for her .
we live in a house that we ca n't move out from and we 're both disabled .
he knows where we live and the security on our house is n't very secure .
we 're worried that if we report him to the police then he will come back here and do something as he clearly lacks impulse control .
he first came to to the house on wednesday asking if he could go upstairs and he touched my mum 's hand and said what are you prepared to give ? in response to her telling him she could n't afford the work he was offering .
then he knocked on our door multiple 4 times on thursday the last knock i answered and he offered a product which he was giving away i told him i 'd have to ask her and he said okay get her to come out and see me down the side then we stayed in the house and locked the doors .
then finally he came into the house today asking it 's cold out here can i just come in to warm up so she invited him in for a cup of tea whilst she was doing the washing up .
he did n't even ask for the tea and instead pulled down his jogging bottoms and asked her to touch his penis whilst telling her she was really fit and asking her to scratch his back .
my mum did n't really know how to react .
she 's been raped before and her experience with men is very rough .
she called him a tart saying he was being very forward and unpleasant .
feeling scared she tried to ask him out of the house and he eventually agreed saying that he 'll come back at 11 on monday .
neither of us are very sure on if any laws were even broken .
at best i can think of indecent exposure so i do n't know if we call the police they might just end up warning him and then he 'll be back .
i do n't think it 's even possible for us to prove what he did as it seems like it would be our word against his .
i 'm posting here as well as r/legaladvice because an automated message said it may be more appropriate here after i posted there .
hey just cause i ca n't look at a woman without cumming over her tits does n't mean i do n't respect the femoids
it 's been there for at least 4 months could be much more i just saw it for the first time 4 months ago
it is the only one in its s17 cell monumento al trabajador '' is on the right side cell i double checked in iitc
not that it significantly impacts our gameplay but i am very curious ... thanks in advance !
because remember when techno dropped out of college n we thought we gon na get more content ?
i do n't know much about wireless mic systems but was looking at the rode wireless go https www.bhphotovideo.com/c/product/1496263-reg/rode_wireless_go_compact_wireless.html for an inexpensive solution to do some low budget filming with a couple of actors .
if i have a scene with two actors does this mean i 'd have to buy two of these ?
i 'm looking for a solution where i do n't have someone do boom my audio .
i know adults here hate how other people spend 10 but i just got at email from amazon my johnny silverhand funkos we 're delayed until october .
i drove my car to work and back and later in the evening i went to go out again and i could not put my car into reverse .
i have tried double clutching switching into other gears rolling forward first etc .
i even drive it into work the next day to warm it up fully and still nothing .
all the other gears work smoothly and the car will drive perfectly .
it seems as though the reverse lock in not releasing and letting me put into into reverse .
i pull the shifter all the way over and then try and pull it down and it will not lock into gear no grinding or anything just simply wo n't go .
i am planning on taking the shifter out this weekend to look into the reverse lock .
so i 'm aiming for smaller groups now to get higher scores in the weekly league already have bay jimin park miss a and wonder girls i think jyp would be the best option since he has more songs and is still active but i 'm not completely sure
https www.reddit.com/r/help ? f=flair\_name 3a 22karma 22 https www.reddit.com/r/help ? f=flair_name 3a 22karma 22 filters by flair 'karma '
https www.reddit.com/r/help/top ? t=all https www.reddit.com/r/help/top ? t=all sorts by top upvotes for all time
https www.reddit.com/r/help/top ? t=all f=flair\_name 3a 22karma 22 https www.reddit.com/r/help/top ? t=all f=flair_name 3a 22karma 22 doesnt sort posts flaired 'karma ' by upvotes
any way to filter by flair sort by top votes at the same time .
i ca n't find any spooky/scary resource packs and i 've been searching for a while .
all the ones i find are either out-dated ugly or not scary .
i 've been attempting to make minecraft scary by playing in vr turning down the brightness significantly turning down mob spawn-rates significantly using a lower render distance and using command blocks to make hostile mobs way stronger on the rare occasion i do come across one .
the only thing i 'm missing is a scary resource pack so the mobs do n't look so boring .
i recently made a post asking you if i can start learning on a drum practice pad you guys said yes and now i am about to buy one and i reckon i also need drumsticks .
i 've read that the best drumsticks for a beginner would be either 5a or 7a .
i 'm a total newbie and i feel a bit confused i 'd appreciate some help thanks in advance !
i used to avoid the semi-slav with 4.e3 but that does n't fit my repertoire since i respond to 1.d4 nf6 2.c4 e6 with 3 .
nf3 which allows black to force a semi-slav after 4..d5 5.nc3 e6 since i do n't play the catalan .
since i have to play it sometimes anyway i 've decided i might as well make the meran or anti-meran my main repertoire .
most of the resources i 've seen for white recommend either sidelines such as 4.e3 or the main line of 5.bg5 allowing the botvinnik and moscow variations neither of which i 'm interested in playing .
can anyone recommend a good resource of any form that covers the white the white side of the meran or anti-meran main lines ?
i 'm willing to play either i just want to find a good resource covering one .
i think it comes from the level of strictness found in indian culture especially regarding the family that is not found in the west .
i have n't heard of latin american african or even east asian culture being so overbearing .
the only thing that may come close is islam culture which is also seen with caution from what i observe .
just one person 's opinion and honestly i hope south asia loses this part of its identity as it grows wealthier and more modern .
i have 100 ed d1 d2 pc and d5c switch including carnage bosses .
my wife knew how much i loved the boxes games '' and bought me boxes 4 complete for switch '' since the people walk on boxes ?
can someone give me a 1 sentence run down of the diffs btw d5 's and d4 's systems .
d5 you can pass around unique evilities d1 you can not .
treasure maps and were felonies added in d2 they were thankfully imo not present in d5 .
just quick rundown of any systems not present in d1/d2/d5 i should pay attn to is fine .
i 'm starting the game tonight and want to avoid wasting time .
last month i weighted 165 lbs and to this day i 'm down 13 lbs which makes my current weight 152 lbs due to solely doing portion control and drinking only water .
i recently checked my bmi and it 's about 26.6 making me on the overweight category .
if i 'm going towards my goal weight my bmi would be 25.1 which still falls into the overweight category .
my concern is that i do n't really want to lose more than my goal weight because my weightloss completely changes my appearance due to losing cheek fat making my nose look massive i have a massive nose to begin with and i 'm already seeing it get significantly bigger due to this 13 lbs weightloss .
should i stay with my goal weight with my bmi still in the overweight category or should i go down a few more pounds to reach a normal weight ?
hi as i said in my title i am going to a show with my goat tomorrow and am really stressed about it .
my mum and dad are split up and i 'm at dad and my goat is at mums .
i go tonight to mums and have to get most of my stuff sorted out .
also i live in new zealand if that matter for time zones .
i do n't care about trophies either just need the loot
shes making poop but seems to not be able to pass it without help and she really does n't like help .
help meaning lift tail and rub so poop comes out .
her diet is mostly mazuri with some oats and walnuts .
i do n't mean just when the lag hits and x1 is the only speed it 'll even play at i mean does anyone here ever actively play stellaris on the lowest speed possible for reasons other than hardware limits and if so how come ?
i personally was wondering if it 'd be nice to take it slow or not but i have n't really had the time available to play the game recently .
i downloaded this game unzipped it and it has played fine for a few hours .
i love the new miner ai it 's incredibly better than the original .
you can keep a cavern free of loose ore and rubble !
playing is so much smoother with a more efficient ai that you can assign multiple tasks to and have them all completed without your miners running off to the far side of the cavern for who knows why .
you can even effectively keep lava at bay because the power path actually gets built and repaired in a timely manner .
setting up a supply station is also easier because you bring down more miners and the additional miners actually speed things so you can get to collecting energy crystals earlier .
i really appreciate all the time that must have gone into getting the ai to where it is .
been trying to find an instruction sheet for this kit and having no luck .
i 'm 30 years old female looking for whv to new zealand but ca n't decide which city to start knowing that i do n't like big cities anything will help thank u
manic me thought this would be the best fucking idea !
i thought i was gon na look so cute .
this is the end result of me being a bad person and not taking my meds .
i 'm just so frustrated with myself right now .
i 've owned the pax and pax 2.0 then kind of got out of habit of using them .
i 'm back in now though and i see they have a liquid vaper now the era .
the cost for a pod is about the same as the cost of a disposable vape pen .
what advantages are there to using a pen like the era compared to disposable pens ?
hoping to celebrate with someone over a couple drinks so we know we 're not creeps chill and see where things go .
a little about myself going to school for computer science .
my biggest hobby is cooking binging with babish fans wya so i 'm looking for a taste tester .
video games are another big hobby just beat zelda botw top 5 all time and i just really need trubisky to become the bears ' franchise quarterback .
7 inches https www.erome.com/a/3ntoy1l9 in length but i do n't know girth .
i also shoot big loads if you 're into that check my history for more on that
please send me a message if you 'd like to chat .
you 'll get about 3 legendaries per kill from her on m4 and at least 1 from each of the 2 red chests in the vault .
given his spider sense and his superhuman speed and strength would spider-man be able to catch a bullet out of the air without it just tearing his fingers/hand apart ?
i 'm having a mental breakdown and there 's no fucking mayonnaise on my sandwich
make sure to take at least two lav mics place them close together gain em ' up run them through a mixer and then send a mono signal to your foh console .
you 're gon na want some kind of affordable ez mixer to put those in first .
trump 's lawyers implying that he might have actually done the quid pro quo but that it 's not an impeachable offense reminded me of this .
it 's a total shot in the dark as this was a comment in a post but somebody about six months ago perfectly encapsulated the life cycle of a trump scandal .
republicans he totally did it and it 's fine !
it 's more extensive than that and a lot more clever but i wanted to see if that struck anyone 's memory and if you have a link to it .
rosacea is a chronic skin condition characterized by small and superficial blood vessels on facial redness facial skin papules pustules and swelling .
rosacea treatments surrey https www.blossomhairandskincare.com/facial-skin-care-rosacia-treatment for skin rejuvenation helps reduce age spots and pigmentation on the face and body .
can i use a laptop for personal things as well as using the dark web ?
if i am doing all dark web-related things on a usb stick will everything i 've been doing using the stick be erased from the computer when i turn it off ?
i found a kiba store key on a raid but i ca n't decide if i should keep it or not .
as a new low level player is it better just to sell it or try to go for a kiba raid ?
it 's been showing in many smaller cinema locations since it 's launch but i had n't realised it was out digitally yet well worth a watch !
our ceo jaynti kanani joined simpleid to provide his insights on matic 's mission our journey so far and the challenges of the blockchain space as we move forward on our journey towards mainstream adoption .
we should want to get to the point where we do n't ask if apps are using blockchain .
to get there we need to make sure the infrastructure is strong.
a great success of the event depends on the start and stop event check-in https www.eventbrew.co/event-check-in-app process .
from planning adjusting event schedules to communicate with vendors knowing who has been arrived vip list and their attendees special welcome all of these checks reminder is in the system .
just to avoid confusion i am the dh in this scenario so try not to assume i 'm the wife haha
okay so i do n't know where this group is based but in uk football/soccer is a pretty big deal .
90 of people have a team they support whether it 's local or not .
i live in manchester but happen to have supported liverpool fc a huge rival my whole life .
i recently posted a photo of me and dw and my two sons dw step sons in our liverpool football shirts as they all support the same team as me .
in the same photo is mine and dw three week old daughter in a lfc baby onesie .
i went over to jnmil by myself home to pick up some food she 'd cooked for dw .
she told me she was showing people at work photos of lo her first grandchild and being in manchester people have criticised the football team shirt we all wore .
first of all my instagram is private for a reason because i do n't want strangers looking at my young children .
and secondly i know people joke about this football thing all the time .
she said my clients were looking and they said liverpool suck she should support manchester city
i said jokingly nooo liverpool are my team i ca n't let her support man city or man united !
no thank you she 's got a football shirt already
at this point i realise she is n't joking and say thank you for the food i 'm going to go home now .
she continues to shout after me that it 's my fault people hate my baby and i have to change football teams otherwise people will stop visiting her shop she 's a business owner she even goes as far as to say that dressing my three week old daughter in a certain liverpool kit will force her business into shut down and she 'll struggle to pay the bills ? ? ? ?
she literally has no idea what she 's talking about .
dw knows what she 's like and knows she 's a handful and apologised but it 's the same old asian kids have to respect their parents even if they 're ridiculous
who would have thought that one baby onesie could be such a monumental issue for her .
is there any version of avidemux that supports .m4a audio ?
i ca n't possibly image how exhausting it must be to work and 'live ' like this right now ...
so i need a good as spacious place as possible for a solo run .
i do n't want to do base building as doing it all solo is too much effort .
instead i am in the city on the top leftish part of the map .
i want a place as well near where i can go on looting run .
the top looks like the son is pushing his belly out but the bottom looks like he 's sucking it in .
i think attendance at a trump rally other than by the press makes for a distinct enough classification at this point .
also any politician at any level of government who runs for office with an r next to their name .
at t is starting to look like the new sprint .
massive debts cutting back on network spending fiber mobile etc bleeding customers dodo customers service layoffs .
only going to get worse when sprint tmobile combine as one entity .
he points out that 's the exact opposite of the teachings not anyone 's place to judge it is their place to help support and love .
the thing is that watching someone is a choice it 's not like you when you play some mmo and you expect to get a rare loot that others got before you .
if people do n't want to watch you then they just wo n't .
diy events can be just as beautiful and if anything more memorable .
they got months to plan and had 3 years prior to this to plan .
a fast but tastefully put together wedding at an alternative venue would say more then wow ... you really bribed a kid to giving up her party venue ? ''
and let 's face it bro would probably get off scott free .
family would be blaming fiance ' for it likely .
checking out the harry potter audiobooks for the first time .
half my family is spanish and the other half is italian/canadian .
one time my zia maria from rome came to visit and her and my spanish mother had full on conversations in their respective languages .
i always see the opposite of this post lol .
hey when did you ask my permission to clone me ?
selling now and getting him back later would cost you extra .
i set traps around my bed so in the morning i can scavange all the loot and gain exp .
i never said it could n't be both you fucking ignoramus .
ubi has been overwhelmingly proven to benefit almost every single person in the community including the rich .
also you ca n't just tax the rich and expect them not to have a problem with it .
i 'm not replying to you further by the way so do n't waste your time .
if any part of your itinerary is international yes you get lounge access along your journey .
if it 's domestic only you do n't get lounge access even if you 're in first .
you would need a united club membership or day pass .
i ordered 4 strains too so we should be able to see how the rest of the bud is .
i 'll review and post pics in a few days
you refuse to open your mind to different ideas and would rather stick to whatever religion your parents shoved down your throat before you could think for yourself .
that 's ok if you 're happy then i wish you all the best and whatever i said obviously i do n't mean it personally i wanted to make my point and stand up for what i believe in same as you .
yeah i 'm sure this story checks out completely .
or was she 22 and got picked up by a 13 year old ?
it essentially encapsulates the message behind the gundam franchise being an endless cycle of conflict between earth and space doing it better than any series in my opinion all the while without any enhanced humans to mess with the plot making it one of the most human gundam stories .
since the action in fights are n't the focal point the storytelling aspect takes center stage and it did not disappoint with such a novel setting for a gundam series .
where am i bragging exactly lmao i was just curious if others had this happen to them .
and again you assume i took advantage of something when i did n't seems to me you 're just feeding yourself a lie bc you do n't want to admit you 're wrong .
go to smartlauncher on fb i 've put it on there
yeah i 'm into bts but when my friend tried to buy tickets a couple years ago they sold out in literally three seconds
one of my capstone partners finished his classes in 28 days ms it .
at the beginning of the project he complained that the capstone might end up taking longer than all the classes .
but he was smart already working in the field and employed at boeing full time .
his philosophy was if it 's 60 to pass and you got 61 then you wasted 1 of your effort .
if your undergrad was anything business-related a lot of this is gon na be review or common sense .
i was english lit and did it in two terms with lots of time to spare so yeah i wasted 4000 .
here i can pause for 30 minutes before it 'll take me off shift but i can always log back in and i 've never gotten that message .
yeah he 's gon na have a bath or shower later and see how he feels
i actually decided to sell my go recently after spending time with my quest i did a few comparisons frame by frame on the same films ... .
and i found sde is actually less pronounced on the quest so i sold my go .
what i usually do when activating 5m boosts is un-assign the manager then once miners are back i assign turner .
i wait until there is 10 seconds left on his timer and activate the 5m boosts usually 10x and 20x so 10 seconds is enough for me to activate those .
so even if you start your boosts later for turner as long as you get the boost before his timer runs to 0 the boosts effect will be applied to everything he collected .
and if you use henry then if you did align your miners for turner they 'll be very close when you assign henry so you could activate him as soon as the first miner comes back .
i think miners are not aligned so that you see all of them .
if they were aligned you would just see one miner going back and fourth no matter how many miners the mineshaft has .
i 'm slightly afraid now that i will turn into a car the next time i 'll trip .
i 'm not native but i live and work in france and i can try to help you if you 're interested .
i 've always really wanted to learn mandarin but i currently have 0 skills so i 'm not sure if this would work .
this post violates rule 7 aita 's focus is on interpersonal conflicts with real world consequences .
we do not allow submissions focused on intra-reddit and similar online drama .
please be sure to read any sub 's rules before reposting this elsewhere .
we can not direct you to another subreddit we can only say that this post does not belong here .
message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole subject=/r/amitheasshole message=please+link+to+post+or+comment+for+context we can not review+without+this+info 0d 0ddescribe+your+question+in+detail if you have any questions or concerns that are not already answered in our faq https www.reddit.com/r/amitheasshole/wiki/faq .
do not repost this without contacting the mods for approval .
if you make changes or edits to this post do not repost it here without our express permission .
jabberwocker. 2719 i just sent a friend request through discord .
lets see what we can play on pc and i 'm on pst .
yup sometimes it even releases on it 's own .
breath meditation might be mentioned less in the canon but there 's an entire samyutta regarding mindfulness of breathing so you can conclude how highly the buddha thought about anapanasati .
any of the bigger cities will be expensive to live in .
i actually pay €900 and i have seen a lot of places that are €1000-1200 .
if you ditch the cities and go to smaller towns that are 20km or farther away from cities the prices drop drastically .
i can easily find a detached higher class house for €600/month .
you never told us where you are from but i 'm assuming you are allowed to live in spain and can make yourself understandable in spanish as people here speak no english .
making friendships will be hard especially in smaller towns but you will be able to live extremely cheap here though .
now spanish small towns also have a few benefits that other towns in other countries do n't have
telefonica also called movistar or o2 is the isp with the fastest rollout in europe .
they want to have 100 spain-wide-coverage in the next 2-3 years .
you can get absolutely everything and cheap within 24 hours .
so you can be in a small town at 30-45min from the city and you can practically order everything online food for you and your dog it-stuff books household stuff everything .
3. if you live in a town with a population below 5000 .
you would only pay €60/month in the first 2 years .
while in larger towns its €60/m in the first year and then €150-199/m in the second/year .
i do n't know of any dog-friendly towns per se but the farther away you go from the big city the more lenient the landlords are .
also beach towns tend to be more expensive than going in-land .
but if you find a nice house in a beach town or right outside of one it will have it own peculiarities .
in the winter the towns tend to be empty friendly etc .
you can walk your dog on the beach and park everywhere .
in the summer hundred of thousands of people rush towards the beach .
suddenly there will be lines at restaurants hospitals and banks .
beach towns are nice in the sense that they get a great influx of people during the summer months .
if she played modern warfare we would have been married by now .
if we wake up tomorrow and the number of confirmed cases is in the hundred thousands with other countries reporting them in the thousands then it 's time to be concerned . ''
i say this because the trend line suggests that to be in the near future .
i do hope this tapers and the curve flattens out due to containment .
so my friend was n't lying when he said you could cure coronavirus with corona
back in the day 6600 was a perfectly fine choice and it 's not like 6700 aged like fine wine .
i myself want to build a zen3 rtx3000 system this year but going with the same logic in a year or 2 i will end up with a ddr4 system on an outdated platform and who knows how it will age .
but if i wait 2 or so years i 'll snag a ddr5 5nm system on zen5 or something but if i wait another 2 years etc etc .
the biggest problem to me other than 2019 gods running everything is the skin advantages .
i literally can not keep up with all the mage skin advantages and silhouette advantages of all characters it 's truly ridiculous
my father worked in a prison and he told me that just about all the prisoners no matter who hate child molesters he said they call them chomos '' they 're targeted a lot and hated by everyone and rightfully so child molesters would definitely be my vote on who is most hated in prison
silva is an atrocious father but he 's still a father .
at least ging had the balls to admit that he would be a shitty dad though unlike silva who obviously thinks its morally correct to torture your children if you 're an assassin
i 'm sorry but i 'm on the fence about this .
i like both the lucas and disney eras for different reasons .
i feel like if lucas has full control again there will be better action scenes but the scenes without it will be too boring .
nobody thinks he 's going to make a new call of duty either though .
i particularly love it during the cold season when they serve their special squash herb macchiato .
i 'm making an absurdist argument to make a point .
humanity has been driven forward through trade sharing ideas and cultural assimilation .
isolation has never led to greater levels of prosperity .
while open borders and free society have plenty of risks and drawbacks on the whole they have tended historically to drive innovation create wealth and improve their citizens ' lives .
stepping away from a major trade partner and military ally just seems so short-sighted .
yea it 's super fun runs well on both handheld and screen
that is certainly an interesting point i had not considered though i think the point is better made at least from my american perspective if it is framed that companies might not want to set up servers in the us given our anti-privacy laws .
i would change it to be seen as an issue we could solve by erasing our privacy-infringing laws
it really depends on the hospital but even though they 're much more difficult to find if you can find a union job you will be paid better and more protected .
thanks for your submission but we believe this would fit better as a comment in our daily question thread https www.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/search ? q=author automoderator+daily+question+thread sort=new restrict_sr=on t=day so this post has been removed .
specifically this post violates rule 3 no limited scope or easily searchable questions .
some types of questions that are better suited for our daily question thread include
questions that could easily be answered by searching r/nintendoswitch https www.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/search ? q restrict_sr=on or google .
if discord is more your speed check out the switch-help channel in our discord server https discord.gg/switch .
if your intention was to create a discussion post instead then please ensure that you have written in sufficient detail included some thought-provoking questions and actively encouraged other users to discuss the topic at hand .
once you have made these changes then please feel free to submit a new post .
if you have questions or objections about this removal please reach out to us in modmail https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/nintendoswitch subject=removal 20objection 20or 20question message please 20type 20your 20message 20here ... do 20not 20edit 20or 20delete 20anything 20below 20this 20line removal 20notes 20for 20moderators post 20title 20 uri_title permalink 20https www.reddit.com/r/nintendoswitch/comments/ewq75l/help/content 20type 20submissionremoved 20by 20 mod .
no counter move so far nobody wants to hold over this weekend
that 's a really small pearcing i barely noticed it.😊 can you feel it ? 😘
if you mean that i have the expectation that the people who work for me either directly or contracted will work ethically and honestly then you are absolutely right .
i offer an agreed wage and compensation in exchange for their services and i expect that they will do the job they were hired for .
it 's what corporate stooges like myself refer to as a work ethic since you seem to be unfamiliar with the term .
unethical pro tips by its nature is about trying to find a way around this .
in an effort to cheat lie steal and deceive the employer .
and somehow i am the corporate stooge with authoritarian tendencies for having a problem with that mindset ?
sounds like you have some growing up to do if you think that i 'm the problem here .
ok yes if you wan na act like the us is really gunna become nazi germany then yeah shit would be abused .
if you look at it realistically i do n't think it would be anywhere near that bad let alone even a issue .
they already have cameras everywhere and this is just building off that .
and yes in your home you can have all the privacy you want just like the law says .
if you think you should have privacy in public you are just a fool .
damn okay that game looks sick hmu if you still need more people
it is the 77 upvote that prove him right .
my career is n't even in the field i studied .
i owe my living to making a good enough impression to the right people so they 'd overlook my lack of credentials .
according to what i 've heard from others this is pretty much how the world works now .
it really looks like a trump face floating over a body
i believe they also price match as well though i 'm not sure they 'd match the additional discount code .
worth asking though and then just return if not .
unfortunately your submission was removed because you must verify first .
if you want to know how to verify please read the verification instructions https www.reddit.com/r/tributeme/wiki/verification .
if this is your verification attempt please make a new post and make sure to include verification '' in the title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/tributeme if you have any questions or concerns .
triple sec might help amp up the citrus flavor but i feel like grenadine would be good too and aesthetically pleasing !
hopefully this means more game time at rbl for ampadu
honestly running an unlicensed daycare is not a bad option .
hypothetically if she takes on 6 kids per day not including yours and charges an average 40 per kid per day that 's 240 per day .
40 is a bit on the higher end at least where i live anyway but if she has a good reputation it 's not a bad option if she really does n't want to go back to work .
if it 's not feasible there are legitimate at home jobs she can do as well though .
right now though you should just let her take some time off right now and just focus on the kid .
honestly the cost of daycare alone can be stupid expensive and she 's still dealing with a lot of hormones .
hell post partum depression can last upwards of 2 years in some cases .
if she 's just had the baby i would really recommend not pushing the issue for her to start working again for a few months anyway .
and even though she 's thinking of opening a home daycare trust me that is also something i would really hold off on .
having a home daycare might sound convenient but having to deal with other people 's kids while you 're trying to feed yours is a challenge to say the least .
if she 's going to do it start with maybe 2 and work up to more .
i would suggest having her look into remote work though .
or maybe get a part time job for the weekend right now just to get her out of the house and stay social .
something low stress where she does n't have to worry about anything at all .
in the meantime you may have to do some serious budget adjustments and make some cutbacks .
what are you looking at with regards to your current budget and current income if just you yourself have to carry the financial load right now ?
knew a guy that was high school classmates with mike myers .
all that wayne 's world stuff was them in grade 11 .
i want a working game in the state it is meant to be in now please before anything more is added that will 100 break other things .
she looks like the half-way point from floofiest to floofless
nd vs. fsu 2014 nd 's amazing last-second touchdown on 4th and goal was overturned on one of the weakest opi calls of all time .
https youtu.be/kdelkk-xstk the ref 's poor judgement turned what was a great 5 vs. 2 classic into a terrible ending .
to add salt to the wound fsu ran that exact same play for a td earlier in the game with a more egregious pick play but it did n't get called .
also it 's pretty clear that prosise who got flagged was blatantly grabbed by the fsu defender at the snap .
making flags to stomp on at events like this will likely be one of our few remaining manufacturing industries in the future
by the way i 'm 3 minutes in and really liked it !
god this would be mega-helpful if discover was usable again .
unfortunately i seem to be part of the 10 still without access
this is the second reddit post in a row i 've seen about lsd .
i think this is just a pre-game show of strength day .
at one point pepsi held the 14th largest navy in the world .
because for example she 'll write a w by writing two vs backward .
and i imagine when she gets to school this will need to change .
since i prefer ember i 'll probably just light mine on fire .
i 'm just jealous i wo n't be able to get one of those sweet cards
everything in pyke 's kit is a skill shot .
kind of sketchy ones too use sometimes too considering how crazy squishy he is and that they all involve getting very close to your enemy .
i did some research and at the end of the day decided against it .
i starting comparing them to a azazie and birdy grey and there were significantly more negative reviews .
i do n't know if they ship to europe but i decided on birdy grey and everyone has been super happy .
this after fetish stress is why so many people on here will just stick to their fantasy playing out their desires ...
that 's why he distinguished between pedophile and child molester .
he is a pedophile if he has urges to have sex with children .
similar to how a person is still straight/gay even if they 've never had sex .
i think what you said while with good intentions actually goes against his point .
we should be taking the stigma away from the word pedophile so those pedophiles who have n't acted upon those urges have resources available for treatment .
do n't exclude the decent people from the word .
realize that the word includes a great deal decent people who need help .
i get 2000/hr without scroll and i have monster dmg on 2 skills .
and i 'm using tet black star weapon and i get like 50 attack from buffs .
has your pet ever had a really bad cold ?
our poor little sweet d just got destroyed by one .
i 've had to take her to the vet twice for antibiotics because she has a bacterial infection on top of the viral infection in her lungs .
and i 've got this eye ointment i have to put on her like mascara which is fun .
her whole face was just crusted over at one point .
before this i did n't really know that cats got sick like that .
i do n't think that 's the direction this particular meme '' wants to take .
you say fuck the man you 're letting him fuck you in the ass raw .
my parents i cleaned up your shit wen u were a kid !
oh my doesnt matter how old this song is everyone will love it
r/photography is not for sharing photos posting images is only allowed if they are posted as part of a self/text-post and if the intent is to foster discussion about or involve some sort of broad and nonspecific question related to photography .
if your submission is related to a broad and nonspecific question please first read our guidelines on self-posts https www.reddit.com/r/photography/wiki/index wiki_what_makes_a_good_self-post_question.3f and then feel free to resubmit in a text post http www.reddit.com/r/photography/submit ? selftext=true .
if you have a specific question please first read the faq https www.reddit.com/r/photography/wiki/index .
if you still have a question that is n't answered in the faq use the official questions thread stickied at the top of r/photography .
post-processing questions should also be posted in the questions thread or directed to r/postprocessing .
if you want to share inspirational content that you have created please submit to r/photographs http www.reddit.com/r/photographs our photography sharing sister subreddit .
if you want to get critique please try r/itookapicture r/photocritique r/pics etc .
if you 're sharing a photography-related project that you 've been working on feel free to share in the most recent community thread .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/photography if you have any questions or concerns .
the three after 1 are all very similar whereas 1 's just does n't fit him in my opinion .
the edge of every single twine mission has quartz .
you should try and run the edge each time if you can .
i have blue eyes that sometimes look grey/green depending on what i wear .
i 've been loving the nude obsessed eyeshadow in light .
the last few years i 've been mostly wearing golds and browns/tans but recently been really liking mixing pinks into the mix .
they do n't tell them that they will become oil warriors .
him just ghosting me even though he said he 'll talk with me the past two months have been nothing .
having to go back to school in a couple of days but he wo n't be hanging round me .
i honestly have no idea best guess is that they just thought it was normal and had been living with it for a while .
lol do you want me to go back and edit it then ?
just cause i left it out does n't mean its not there .
when talking about consent vs forced/coerced the better opposite of voluntary is compulsory .
which is a synonym so im not stretching here .
i 'll agree its not as obvious as an armed robbery but when you cheat someone or use counterfeit money to gain someone else 's property then you have forced them to give up their property in a way they do n't consent too .
a property owner does n't normally consent to giving their property away for free .
but you 've forced them to do it anyways .
all types of fraud are forcing one party to do something they do n't actually consent too .
i did stretch myself a little thin with operating capital but the bad growing season did n't help .
no i stopped watching that show after i heard about this season 's first episode
i believes there 's going to be a recession soon regardless of who is president .
it wo n't be on the scale of the 2008 one but whoever is president when it comes is going to feel it in the polls
all exchanges require kyc specially if you want them to deposit it to your bank account anyway .
in bchs case it already had about 5-6 billion market cap after the fork .
so in a sense that value '' was created out of thin air since everyone got their bch for free and the first trade set the market cap .
nothing to do with real value of the token .
i hope teams knew about this change during the off-season .
1080p on 14 '' is nearly the same pixel density as 1440p on 15,6 '' .
why does anyone care or pretend to care what we pay in taxes ?
all that matters is what we pay in total and what we get for what we pay !
i had it in my library for the past year but i just now started to play it 1 week in now .
you have to click on the game window to have it focused
unless theres a seal so no air can get in without being filtered its useless .
they are only so you dont cough or sneeze on people .
it was so fun to pull ananta out randomly using aliens
while it was a shitty move i actual ended up really dinging that album .
just because you told your insurance does not mean that 's the end of it .
theory was to give a buffer if i had frame drops late game i 'd probably still be over 144 while reducing cpu usage .
i do n't scrim much so ca n't really say it works .
across the europe and all samples good or bad are valid d. i 've just answered ops question to the best of my ability
did n't you follow that up with i might be i do n't know ?
no issues we stayed in 2 campsites and boondocked the rest of the time felt safer in most of mexico than some places i 've camped in the states 🤷‍♂️
the last movie is chuunibyo demo koi ga shitai !
movie take on me and the the ova in between s1 and s2 is is just chuunibyo ... ova 1
if you shoot tanks that drowned you can reap the damage from them .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the subreddit 's required tags .
all of our requirements for listings can be found here r/sexsells/wiki/listings .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/sexsells if you have any questions or concerns .
my wife and i had a female friend of hers over while all the kids were away .
was rock hard with the wife and having a good time .
she asked me to go to work on her friend i 'd go half-chub .
wife would blow me for a bit back to being hard .
finished her off with my hands then finished in my wife .
did n't like it wo n't do it again .
but my wife thought it hot because it reaffirmed the fact that i find her attractively absolutely fucking hot .
i have a set of small flannel cloths and a special tiny stepcan that they go in after i use them .
i empty the can into the laundry when i wash towels .
they do n't touch anything else and are different from everything else i own so no one accidentally uses them for anything else .
edit i do n't use toilet paper because toilet paper will disintegrate on your wet butt and you 'll have bits of it stuck to you .
you should hear him play claire de lune to them
i can respect that i just dont really like it
zice in anunt va dam altul nou la schimb '' cred ca sa prins
they say they wo n't finish it then finish it and leave their rubbish there ...
i do n't think it 's a good value 2 settings for 30 and setting 1 does n't seem all that popular .
for a real low budget there 's the qshave futur clone also known as ming shi 2000s .
quality control is hit or miss but they only cost around 10 .
if you 're thinking of getting a maggards razor bundling more heads will give you some variety at a reasonable cost .
mild medium aggressive slant and open comb heads are available .
another option could be a vintage gillette adjustable razor from ebay like the gillette slim http gilletteadjustable.com/slim .
those are nickel plated brass rather than zinc alloy but the price depends on the condition .
still pretty cheap though just do a search for completed listings .
i 've been on a two year diet and started to work out again because i want a flat stomach .
but every time i feel like i do n't give 100 percent in a workout i literally hate myself for the rest of the day so thank you ! !
i 'm not going to stop dieting or working out thou .
when it fails and you have a hull breach on your torpedo tubes
i 'm male and i 'm seeing many patterns lately that i just hid for so long and am still in hiding so to speak
just know we are doing everything we can to get him the hell out .
from all the talk of doing streams and community events many months ago i think something simple like this is what would really stick .
its more personal and we feel connected to the devs .
have stream nights with either some of the devs we dont hear much of and or the youtubers .
it doesnt have to be interviews or formal stuff just casual talk have fun .
i know its probably a lot more work at that point .
but it would be awesome to see maybe once a month .
the more you drive and get those layup opportunities the more natural they become .
he just needs more in game reps. finishing around the rim is probably the next evolution of his offensive game
he is not saying its easy he is just saying that it 's unnecessary to complain about the bellcurve when it is not the bellcurves fault .
its purpose is just to divide the smartest and the average .
so if you ca n't get a1 after working really hard for it then that just shows that others are smarter/working harder and you should just accept that and work even harder/smarter next time
i got suspended in middle school for making finger guns .
unfortunately your submission has been removed for the following reason s
maybe it 's not a meme at all maybe it 's a normie meme it 's just not dank .
if you have any questions you can message the mod team here https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes replies to this removal comment may not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
imagine being proud of a base and ignorant terror at the idea that there are people in the world different from you .
oh hah thats funny actually my immediate family does n't like trump for non-political reasons but my uncle likes trump and it makes for uncomfortable thanksgivings and easters .
fun fact this is what the stg was originally designed for .
hitler was checking his teeth when someone was asking what to call this new weapon so it came out as shtooth rifle '' which thw other guy heard as sturm .
it took me way too long to remember winston .
and i like how may not only thinks about herself but also roko and everybody else getting screwed by the system
this comment has been automatically removed to facilitate secure trading users are required to set their 3ds and/or their switch friend code in their flair before posting outside of the daily discussion thread info posts or mod posts .
you may set your flair by clicking here https hq.porygon.co flairtext and adding the appropriate information .
once you have set your flair and read through our rules https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules please repost your comment .
if things seem confusing we also have a quick start https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/quickstart guide intended to give a step-by-step process for new users .
if you are a mobile user having trouble accessing the above links please retry using a different app or browser .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
if 80 of the job is preprocessing i guess this opens the doors more to the more junior or less experienced data scientists for work ?
i ca n't help but feel this is a significant mistake by sanders .
from an environmental point of view natural gas is far cleaner than coal power it makes an excellent complement to renewable energy until mass battery storage of energy is possible and cheap natural gas has been the single largest factor in reducing the use of coal .
from a political view point people do n't like trump but will view his reelection as the lesser of two evils if they feel their livelihoods are at stake .
this is going to drive republican turnout in states like colorado that have been trending blue but rely heavily on the oil and gas industry .
i do n't know if this will affect my vote in the primaries but it certainly hurts sanders ' chances to actually win a general election and strengthens the case of the moderate candidates .
because navy top gun pilot tom cruise is a badass and can compensate for the misalignment .
oh god oh fuck he 's in the computers now oh god oh fuck
so you seriously think they played bridgwater so they could keep hills next contract down ?
that 's incrediblely stupid being that it was early in the season and in the nfl you have to fight for every win if they thought hill gave them a better chance to win every week over teddy they would have started hill .
hospitals have protocols to follow when this kind of thing happens calling someone on their day off and threatening to report them missing for 10 days for being out on their one approved day off is not how this is supposed to be done .
one of those american cities that feels '' different .
with how long the wait for ep3 crossing my fingers for it to be something epic massive crowd magnet .
only you know what 's going on my dude but it sounds like it 's fizzling out from what you 're saying ... just a heads up .
what university government agency or fortune 500 company do you work with ?
what books have you written that are not on fucking super mario bros ?
i far more respect opinions of those that work at wal mart mcdonalds gas stations farmers factory workers than you .
they have actual life experience and work their asses off to put food on the table .
that is not ... in the least bit putting those people down but that 's making a point .
superficial charm manipulation lying shallow emotional experiences little or no genuine remorse lack of empathy impulsivity being prone to boredom callousness arrogance early behavioral problems antisocial behaviors like aggression
entitled brats threatened refund and now they complain its unfinished .
are you on the latest steamvr beta and using the windows mixed reality driver beta ?
are you allowing motion smoothing in the wmr driver config file ?
beals numbers are so high because he and his team doesnt play defense
usually yes wait until after car loans are easy to get .
oh god no that cant exists are you being legit ?
ahhhhhhhhhh the days of getting downvotes bc i said that signing was stupid .
she did n't plan her own surprise she just constantly wears that outfit when she greets them at the airport .
if you 're going to repost a story at least get it right .
hey all the drug taking serves a purpose we 're here for man life does n't get easier we get stronger love the honesty if you feel like sharing do n't hesitate
it can be very helpful to think of our instincts as fight flight or freeze .
and more of a pickup-play friendly vibe or a fuck who you bring style event ?
another thing i thought about also is that goal made the game 2-4 and the primary assist came from derek grant who is number 38 .
he 's the only politician in your country willing to pull you kicking screaming into the 21st century with the rest of the developed world .
unfortunately your gov't is so poorly designed with an overabundance of checks balances that he 'd never be able to do so even if he were elected .
that explains why i had the problem of my cbd oil getting concentrated .
my favorite part is that the match page on the rlesports website for mouz v asm has mouz playing 2v3
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/simdemocracy if you have any questions or concerns .
why are you subjecting yourself to this level of granularity ?
is there some sort of compliance you need to meet otherwise you will get fined ?
imo there are far better metrics to report on than to record every single exchange .
the only reason why i can even fathom creating a new metric record triggered for every exchange like this is to record a snapshot of the entire record of any given time .
but unless there is a lawful mandate for you to keep full historical records for the entire life-cycle of a request this is completely unnecessary and you are digging yourself into a hole you ca n't get out of .
i suggest you try to simplify or challenge your current process rather than build/config the technology to enable potentially bad management practices .
if you do need to get complete historical snapshots of every record from start to close i suggest shipping them to an external log aggregation system and view them as event logs .
dashboards should give you a current glance at the state and health of your work environment .
if you are using dashboards as a method for business intelligence or analytics to go backward and forwards in time you should instead be using a data aggregation like tableau or powerbi .
while servicenow is a powerful tool it does not replace certain technologies that are primarily focused on solving these business needs .
if you need to track where a record is from a birds eye view outside of your assignment groups i suggest using workflows and stateflow .
there are a lot of simple methods to stamp a record for dashboarding including having business rules that write into the activity sys\_journal .
sorry if this sounds to be all negative on this reply i 'm trying not to be .
but at a glance from what you are currently doing and what you are trying to accomplish without me knowing the real goal i 'd say there is something broken here from a business perspective that technology should not be fixing .
but that is just all my opinion based on my likely inaccurate interpretation of your problem .
the idea of having a soulmate who you ca n't seem to live without and having to leave them to become nothingness is ripping me to shreds .
so a friend once told me about a similar scenario .
one of the party members was n't allowed wherever they were going so they tried to sneak him through in their bag of holding .
except the guy jumping into the bag of holding forgot he had a portable hole in his inventory ...
by far the least deserving starter in either conference .
you could or either you just want speed up to try to go 1st than aoe def break than 2 aoe nukes zagala nice because her s3 also has a aoe def break like bellower in case he miss .
plus if you kill an enemy with her s2 in will actvite her a3 for free
i am just here to say i feel your pain .
i just read all the things he did woth you and i understand why you would want a relationship with him
my mom taught me this at like 8 years old .
well a tier list is n't really common in the community considering how the game works .
as for how to improve just go into training mode for teams you like and try to find combos .
a person that hates komodo joe with a burning passion without reason
it was pretty bad the first time i took it .
i felt like i was hallucinating i probably was but it got much better as i kept taking it !
stupid ass people think electric is the way to go because it 's the green way but little do they know that those batteries can never be recycled and or be disposed off properly hence hurting our earth even more !
weird and unsettling as fuck but it sticks with you .
always thought they worded it more like so you 're not a homosexual/hsts ?
no hrt for you ! but if your wording 's what they 're saying these days i guess it 's pretty amazing how much more they now validate our identities even while still discriminatorily denying many life-saving medical care 🙃
they normally get a vaccine by the time winter reaches the southern hemisphere
if it does n't come back will they refund ?
someone did n't fall down a weird tumblr hole in 2014 .
once marina learns how to do transfers like in fifa she 'll be unstoppable .
on the roughly monthly occasion my female partner wants it i have no problem making her happy but that does not involve my plumbing .
in terms of physical affection such as touch hugging non-sexual kissing petting cuddling in general etc. i am a slut .
romance is a tricky topic because people are coming from many different places in terms of what they consider to be romance .
i often describe it as that i lack the whole fall-in-love thing but i can love without being in love .
i 'm willing to partner with a variety of people in a romantic fashion .
the key is to prolong every battle as much as you can to gain as many stacks on b1 before wave 4 as possible .
hit the defense special instead of attacking on b2 etc .
i had 250ish stacks as i got into wave 4. they net b1 a ton of offense .
you want to fracture teebo immediately then focus on elders .
i used illuminated destiny immediately to gain some offense but you can save it and use it when you need to reapply fracture on teebo .
i only needed to fracture teebo once and i only got hit by him once .
my magna was r3 with a full defense set and protection primaries even on the arrow .
use the defense buff on magna before getting hot by teebo if you can you should survive a hit .
mod bb8 thrawn for speed and b1 for offense speed
lol her name does n't have an e normally but she changed it because shes a sneauxflayke
it 's not her acting that made her a ton of money it was her divorce from james cameron .
we should support each other to be the best nannies we possibly can !
sometimes that means a compassionate push to examine ourselves instead of others .
if you smell poo everywhere you go it 's a good idea to check your own shoes !
they are writing this in a weird way there 's no way this is serious .
are you sure you 're looking at 2019 tax forms for the 401k ?
that 's just double aggravating and i hope that girl is getting a taste of her own karma by now ! !
what is the attack called when he punches them then turns them into a nuke ?
i would 've missed out on getting my best friend .
yes but you 're arguing its transphobic and suggests trans people are repulsive ''
i 'm suggesting its a compliment or at worst neutral .
so i do n't understand your point in telling me what we 're talking about we 've been talking about it .
so i was messing around with some of the files and i found some strange text in the nfm 2 mad party audio file using a text editor i think it is the developer giving a note to the person that composed the music for nfm .
in the txt file some parts of the sentence have weird letters probably due to it not suppose to being open in this way so i sort of edited the text a little so that it could bemore readable .
this tune is rather old but it 's good enough ?
hmm.. greets go to alf doze/div.a for lending me the samples to this tune.that 's all folks ! !
do n't forget to watch out for our coming music disk enigmatic .
the music will be much better than this tune.. anyway i hope so .
˜listen to this tune.. any way ... here comes my address henrik bertilsson l0vhagsgatan 12 561 48 husqvarna sweden u/tel 46 0 36/134858
you do n't have to ! the original speed of diz module was f07 but it did sound bad !
here is the raw text thats in the .mod file thats unedited
this tune is  rather old but it 's f good enough ?
hmm.. greets go to í alf doze/div.a for lending me the o samples to this tune .
i do n't forget to watch ê j€ out for our coming ž  musicdisk enigmatic .
the music will be u ö much better than this tune.. anyway i hope so .
˜ îêlisten to this tune.. any way ... here comes my address henrik bertilsson l0vhagsgatan 12 £ 561 48 husqvarna ç r u sweden å  ...  tel 46 0 36/134858
the original speed of diz module was f07 but it did sound bad !
i could have sworn that one of the henchmen actors is kyle bornheimer but when searching for his tv shows none of them fit the description .
i also am pretty sure that its fairly new like after 2012ish .
so to explain all this as clearly as i can i 'll go in chronological order .
we both applied for the mortgage and were approved .
however as far as ownership goes it 's split between me and our 6 y.o .
she then had a will made out making her sister and brother the executors .
so technically the sister and brother own 50 of the house until my daughter turns 18 .
they do not contribute to what is now all mine mortgage .
i should point out that my wife and i did n't have the best marriage .
fighting all the time and always thinking i 'm up to no good .
my wife gave her sister the full amount of her super which was in the 25x xxx .
i feel the sister coerced her to give her the full amount of the super considering my wife 's mental state was jello at the time .
my wife passed away and i received a check in the mail totaling 32.48 .
i have not cashed this check because 1 i 'm not going to insult my dignity cashing a 32 dollar check from my wife 's super and 2 i need proof when my daughter grows up and asks me why i ca n't stand her other family members .
currently looking to refinance and be able to rent it out .
my goal is keep it to give it to my daughter .
i currently work full time 50-55 hours a week starting a 0630 in the morning .
during the week mia '' is with the in-laws .
they have no problem help her out but i have to kick rocks .
so if you 're still reading this i have 2 questions .
1 if i were to go into foreclosure would the in-laws cop 50 of a foreclosure ?
but i should cut off my nose to spite my face .
2 do i have enough ammo '' to file a lawsuit ?
i do n't expect the whole amount but even 20k would do plenty .
why are people so scared of starting one piece ?
no matter how much i try my lil bro wo n't start watching one piece at all .
says he does n't wan na get into an anime with 900 chaps and eps that still does n't have an end .
infact i am more for having such an interesting and long story rather than ending it quickly .
there is so much hype about one piece yet people refuse to watch it .
i 'm losing weight i 'm not a ball i drink water i do my schoolwork and will be going to college to get my phd i shower brush floss exfoliate i work out i try new things occasionally i may be a heartbroken introvert but i do things happy people do is it ok to be sad when i go to bed at night ?
idk i honestly hate being happy throughout the day and get sadder and sadder as it progresses
no cheery responses plz i 'm not trying to gather attention i try to do it alone but i guess it 's not enough anymore
i 'm potentially returning to uni next year as a mature-age student looking to study something relating to conservation or environmental science .
it 's a tough competitive industry out there so i want to maximise my chances and attend the most suitable place for quality education connections and work experience .
for example ecu is great for teaching and curtin is great for engineering which institution stands out the most for what i 'm looking for ?
we m24 f22 are about to celebrate our 4th anniversary together on friday and she has been able to keep secrets on what she plans to do to me in the hotel she booked .
she has been having difficulty in knowing what she wants me to do to her in the hotel until recently where she texted me that she wants me to make her wet and keep her wet '' .
some might say to give her oral but i have been open with her in saying that i am uncomfortable with the thought of going down on someone but i have begun to consider that for our next anniversary .
is it worth of reading reading it is satisfying ?
oh and final question after reading ln manga is still as satisfying as it was before ?
i want to give y 'll instructions for what information to provide when y 'll about your snake 's morph .
please provide at least 3 pictures in indirect sunlight .
one that is as close as you can get of most of the body .
also provide age and any addition information you know about your snake .
i 'm so fucking sick of him in his current state .
i know he 's not broken by any means but he 's like jorm one tiny mistake against him and there goes half your health bar .
why does the word anathema come to mind it means nothing like a healthy touch .
so what is the word for a soothing/healing/alleviating touch or treatment ?
not sure if this is the right place to post but here we go .
i built my pc on tuesday ryzen 2700x gtx 1660ti 16gb ram 3200mhz and all my games keep crashing .
i heard somewhere that the drivers 441.66 for nvidia are really unstable and cause crashing yet i can not roll back my gpu drivers because i did n't have any installed before that .
edit i never get any error messages it 's like i just closed the game by myself which clearly i 'm not
i live with 2 roommates 23f and 24f me and 23f are moving to another rent but we are moving sooner then we expected our contract on this rent ends the next month so now we are in a situation wherein 1 month we are supposed to either pay 2 rents or find someone else to move in for a month instead of us because 24f is staying there till the end of contract .
24f does not look on board with living with randoms for a month .
and my moral stand is that we agreed to pay that rent for a year so i would pay it .
so 23f wanted to talk to 24f about getting randoms in the apartment so we would n't need to pay the last rent .
they were talking and i was kinda just standing there because i did n't know what to say i was thinking about it as of something 23f and 24f have to deal with as i was willing to pay my part of the rent .
after that talk we sat and talked about how i was n't supportive .
i still was n't decided what i want to do and she kept telling me you need to tell her you want this too '' .
but i still was n't sure what i want to do so i told her i do n't know how to solve this '' and just sat there thinking about what should i do .
then she started about how i 'm closing in myself again which i do sometimes working on not doing that .
after that she told me how 24f is mad at me for some of my missteps but wo n't tell me and that she talks behind my back .
i did n't know about that so i was surprised speechless .
trough all that night she was telling not to be angry even tho i was n't i was just shocked about newly learned information .
while i was drunk i opened up about how i feel and i spoke about how i do n't know what to do or which side to choose she replied with there are no sides '' .
and i do n't even remember what i replied cause half the night are blanks i 'm not used to drinking .
then we texted about it in a group chat and i was like firstly we should talk to real estate if it 's even possible to do such a thing as what 23f wants to do .
yesterday she wanted to talk so we did well mostly she and she told me how i have a problem to take responsibility and that because of me her mother will have to help her pay the second rent because i wo n't talk about it with 24f and i ca n't take responsibility in this situation .
she also said that i almost cost her 200€ that is the rent .
and that i made it a problem between the two of them 23f and 24f instead of..
she also used a lot of things i told her while drunk against me which hurt will talk to her about that just do n't know how yet .
whether you 're a mother who had some kind of sexual tension with her son or a sister who had a real experience with their brother .
maybe you have fantasized about it i want to hear that too message me if you want to tell someone about it .
i have had some very minor experiences of my own and am looking for someone to chat about it with .
if this is something that you have done or thought about doing let me know !
i kept telling myself today that when i wake up tomorrow i 'm going straight to the smoke shop and buying a pod device and lowering my nic before i quit cold turkey but idk it kinda feels good to be sober but at the same time absolutely horrible
to preface i 'm a first time poster to this subreddit .
recently i 've become romantically involved with a guy who is from a chinese family .
he 's very westernised himself born and raised in australia but his parents were both born and lived in china for many years before moving to australia .
he mentioned that his dad speaks perfect english but his mother ca n't really understand or speak english at all she speaks both cantonese and mandarin .
i 'm really jumping the gun on this as our relationship is very fresh but i know languages can take a long time to achieve proficiency in sometimes .
i really want to be able to converse with both his parents if things continue to go well between us and i meet them so i was just hoping for some tips on where on earth i go about beginning with learning mandarin .
i 'm already a polyglot fluent in english irish french and japanese but mandarin is so different in my opinion so i 'm honestly a little stumped .
i know that asking this guy to help me would be great but he has mentioned to me that he has n't really spoken mandarin fluently since he was a child so he would n't be comfortable teaching me .
plus i also do n't want to put that pressure on him .
so any advice on how to begin and what resources you recommend would be great !
i 'm particularly concerned with the tones so i 'd love advice on how to tackle that
we 're a medium-sized community providing a cozy friendly and comfy environment for gfd folk with an active and friendly mod team and equally friendly members .
this server is for those strictly 18 only and anyone underaged will be suspended .
what was your favorite strain to grow and why ?
i 'm having a hard time picking what my next crop should be .
i 'm on day 9 of 50mg and i have n't had a good night sleep since i started .
i probably slept like 8 hours total since i started the meds but i do n't even feel that tired .
i know that insomnia goes away after a few weeks but i 'm a bit scared that i 'm gon na be mentally dead from not sleeping for weeks .
funny there is barely enough money for schools to operate now we have gunshot wound kits and will be teaching kids how to treat them ? .
first you laugh then you can only shake your head ! .
the movement against abortion is across the country but leaving our children as moving targets has so far been a bandaid on an amputated limb !
you are the most competent man on earth in what you do only because of the secret that you can look forward in time and know future outcomes .
now the entire world depends on your choice but you ca n't predict anything !
all these are examples of the fact that when we make an investment in something we can never predict what will happen to it in the future .
we have to give it a chance and if we do n't we lose the money !
what if you are not prepared for the impact of the investment you are making in a particular way ?
what if you are not prepared for the impact of the investment you are making in a particular way ?
if you are not prepared for the impact of the investment you are making in a particular way we will never be able to say that you have done an outstanding job .
if you are not prepared for the impact of the investment you are making in a particular way we will never be able to say that you have done an outstanding job .
if you are preparing your business for the future and you do n't know when the future is going to come you will never be able to do a good job .
what is the best way to prepare your business for the future ?
you can only do so much and that too in hindsight .
you will never know what the future will bring so you should do everything you can to be ready for when the future comes and you will be surprised .
what is the best way to prepare your business for the future ?
you can only do so much and that too in hindsight .
you will never know what the future will bring so you should do everything you can to be ready for when the future comes and you will be surprised .
what is the best way to prepare your business for the future ?
you can only do so much and that too in hindsight .
you will never know what the future will bring so you should do everything you can to be ready for when the future comes and you will be surprised .
what is the best way to prepare your business for the future ?
you can only do so much and that too in hindsight .
you will never know what the future will bring so you should do everything you can to be ready for when the future comes and you will be surprised .
what is the best way to prepare your business for the future ?
you can only do so much and that too in hindsight .
you will never know what the future will bring so you should do everything you can to be ready for when the future comes and you will be
at the request of others in my last hubert post here is yet another hubert tale from tech support .
so no shit there i was coming in for my scheduled shift at work .
for those that do n't know my team provides technical support of the networking variety for job sites across the country .
i 'd go into further detail but i do n't want to give too much away and get figured out .
hubert was part of our internal it support supporting our main hq .
originally he was hired on as an assistant but at this point of the story his lead ended up resigning for another position .
the significance of this is that meant hubert was responsible for everything that needed to be done at hq .
india support having issues with the phone software we use ?
on this particular day i arrived and saw my boss working off of his laptop which i found odd because we'll.. he 's sitting at his work station with 3 monitors why is he using his laptop ?
turns out hubert was trying to troubleshoot the issue with our phone software by making sure the cat 5 runs we had going across our office we 're good .
his idea of troubleshooting was to start cutting cat 5 cables running through our area and then run more cable .
but he did n't do this at a time where my team would be out of the office or early morning/late evening .
he decided to do this when he waltzed in at 8am .
and guess whose line was not only the first one to get cut but the only one that would end up getting cut that day .
if you guessed my boss you 've won your own god damn it hubert '' t-shirt .
apparently the ass chewing my boss gave hubert was legendary hubert swore up and down all he did was cut the cat 5 cable so he can run a new cable but somehow he did n't stop to think where the cable began or ended .
it took the majority of the day to get fixed and that was only because my boss ended up helping him so that he could get back to work that much sooner .
tldr hubert decided to troubleshoot a phone software issue by cutting the cat 5 cable that feeds to my boss 's work station .
edit oh my god over 500 upvotes guys thank you so much !
huge shout out to everyone suggesting titles for the story where hubert lost his position i 'm currently at the bar laughing my head off at these titles .
i may post one more tonight i 'm not sure .
you 're also reigniting a long last passion for writing so thank you for that as well !
edit 2 at nearly 1k upvotes we now have hubert did what '' for your reading pleasure .
we 're a medium-sized community providing a cozy friendly and comfy environment for gfd folk with an active and friendly mod team and equally friendly members .
this server is for those strictly 18 only and anyone underaged will be suspended .
a few days ago i decided it 's time to stop ... again .
this time i 'm shooting for all of 2020 at least maybe more .
happy new year all i wo n't be drinking today !
one good thing happened in the whole year the rest sucked hairy donkey balls .
i honestly regret signing up on jan 1st it was a horrible idea on retrospect .
hey guys so i 've been a ssv for over 2.5 years and this team i have now are some of the most pretentious and lazy ass shifts i 've ever dealt with .
my gm is just as lazy and does nothing to discipline anyone for anything .
i 'm constantly having to be the parent of the team and clean up after everyone and cover people 's asses when they do n't do their job .
i 've said something about the issues affecting our team over and over but it seems like it 's just in one ear and out the other .
so i 'm just gon na say it i wasnt too excited when i realized i 'd be working nye but when i got to work and there were 108 covers and four servers i got excited .
the night started slow but my tables were easy and kind drinking a lot and asking for my recommendations .
by the time 8 rolled around i had two parties of 7 and 9 and some 4 tops .
i felt like a crazy person running around bar tickets at 10 minutes and food backing up .
my managers delivered and with only one hanger steak mistake everything went smoothly and i left with 650 dollars in my pocket with just enough time to pop a bottle to reign in 2020 .
definitely the best serving night i 've had in my career and even though it was insane i felt confident in my abilities and enjoyed the night .
hope 2020 delivers kind tables who drink lots order dessert and tip well !
when i bought my tr300 i noticed that the first valve would not lock into place so i ordered a kit to replace the valve guide .
the kit also came with new springs and felt pads so i just decided to go ahead and replace everything .
after putting the trumpet back together all the valves clicked into place and everything seemed to be fine however once i blew into it i noticed that now the first valve produces a much louder/fuller sound when pressed down .
also when valve 1 is half pressed i feel a lot of back pressure and not much sound is produced from it .
i 'm a complete beginner so i was hoping someone would be so kind as to explain this .
i could n't really find any specific resources online regarding this .
maybe the back pressure that occurs when valve 1 is half pressed is normal due to the holes not being aligned in that position ? ..
if you 're just starting if realize that 's it 's flexible and part of the benefit is this flexibility .
you do n't need to do the same hours every day
you do n't need to do the same ratio of fasted fed every day
make it work to help you reach your goals without stressing about it being religious adherence .
julio should 've been in this year over hopkins .
likewise jarrett should 've been in over cam heyward .
is it only people who have made at least one live show ?
the only thing he can cook is a steak on the barbie so we agreed that i 'd be responsible for cooking while he does the rest of the household mostly cleaning except for laundry we take turns with that .
we have a small apartment so i 'd say i spent more time cooking than he does cleaning but it does n't really bother me .
he thinks eating meat every day is extremely healthy and says a meal without meat is n't complete .
having it twice a week is more than enough for me and having it every day just makes me feel sick .
i started including meat in our meals about 4 times a week which i thought was a good compromise .
i 'm a decent cook so it 's not like the rest of the week we only have veggies .
however recently my boyfriend started complaining and said that he does n't feel satisfied without daily meat and since he cleans for both of us i should cook decent meals for both of us and for him that 's only the case if it includes meat .
he knows i 'm posting here and is okay with it .
am i in the wrong for not cooking meat every day when our diet is still healthy and varied ?
i posted here a few months ago about finally making a decision and i had an interesting observation since then .
before making a decision i was always seeing the wrong '' side of things .
i would look at a cf person and think oh she seems lonely '' and i would look at a parent and think oh they look tired '' .
now that we 've made a decision and we 're moving ahead with it i tend to see a lot more of the good in both options .
i look at people without kids and they seem happy and i look at parents and they seem happy too .
i do n't know maybe this is just me but i think i was very focused on not making the wrong decision .
like somehow this one decision was going to be the thing that either made life perfect or made life awful .
now that it 's made it feels very freeing to be able to look at both sides and think oh that looks nice '' .
i 'm not sure if that 's helpful to anyone but just thought it was interesting to share from a previous fencesitter .
i think we get so focused on thinking oh my gosh i better pick right or i will mess up my entire life ! ''
when the truth is there is no wrong choice and so no right choice .
maybe that 's even more stressful to people thinking there 's no right choice but i hope it will help some folks with the stress to also realize there 's no wrong choice .
life is a whole bunch of choices and it 's the sum of all of them plus our own internal attitude that will make us happy or sad .
jeg skrev jeg solgte tinka kort på den blå avis og derefter skrev hans nummer ind i annoncen .
im hoping to finsh my chaos kriegsmen this month .
anyone else working on a strange not standard gw army ?
i chose the i 'm sorry i did n't ask '' option but i did n't know it translated to i did n't want to hear your life story . ''
so all things on chart opk 's and cm make it seem like i definitely ovulated .
however usually my boobs are sore and i feel crampy around ovulation .
i have n't felt that at all and i 'm a bit confused .
many think its weird that mask was able to beat kensei and rose but lost to renji but i personally adhere to the doctrine of team fourstar in my believe that power levels are mostly bullshit obviously not always in case someone decides to bring up yamamoto and that most battles between opponents actually depend on several factors such as compatibility focus and strategy .
i think kensei and rose went at him the wrong way by going all out from the very beginning .
according to kensei mask 's base physical strenght is actually rather weak with his wrestling moves doing him practically no damage and him being surprised by mask having actually beaten shuhei .
still since he was a member of the enemy 's elite i suspect kensei decided to play it safe and finish him off with his bankai just in case he had some weird ability that is were he commited his mistake .
more than just healing him i suspect that james cheering actually makes him immune to the abilities he has received and makes his attacks dealier to the source of said reiatsu .
basically using your strongest attack from the beginning is actually a death sentence against mask 's the superstar '' .
also since he knows he can heal anything as long as he revives james mask can afford to be reckless with the harm that comes to his own body such as crushing his eardrums to make himself immune to rosa ability .
when you show him your full power mask and james they will adapt and beat you .
in a way their power the superstar '' is quite simmilar to the powers of the underbelly '' the deathdealing '' the miracle '' and even the almighty '' all of which are able to receive or observe the powers used by the enemy to adapt accordingly you could even compare it to the way kenpachi adapts in battle .
its an ability that thrives on being overestimated by an opponent that would rather finish off someone as annoying and suspicious as mask .
however it has a very logical weakness holding back .
i suspect renji had seen him fighting kensei and rose and deduced his weakness instead of overestimatinng him and going all out from the beginning he decided to treat him like the fool he was beating him with shikai and the bare minimun of physical strenght that was necessary to damage him knowing that this way he would n't be able to get grasp of his full strenght in order to counter it .
as mask grew stronger renji in turn increased his own reiatsu to overpower him while taking advantage of his rage to cut down dames allowing him to in turn cut down mask .
unfortunately he had underestimated the speed of jame 's regeneration which allowed him to heal mask who now had the full measure of renji 's shikai and in turn the multiplication of the james caused a greater increase in the ammount of reishi that could flow in his attacks allowing him to overpower renji 's shikai .
unfortunately he also commited the mistake of killing james as apparently being supercharged by the greater reichi inflow causes a high which in turn makes him more unstable and prone to attack allies .
at this point mask might 've killed renji if he had n't activated his bankai .
hell mask 's vollstandig might 've even fought evenly or even beaten renji 's souou zabimaru if he had n't completly vaporized james as renji was now at full power and if he had actually stricken mask while there was a chance james could heal him he would 've been done for .
knowing this renji stopped shitting around and after weakening mask he decided to finish him off reducing him to ashes .
apparently this fight tired renji since he slept for what probably were a couple of hours though that could 've been his being tired from training and going back to soul society .
kenpachi would never attack james and he is known for holding back and contantly growing stronger so a battle between them would 've actually gone on for a while unless mask actually killed james .
if kenpachi used shikai he might accidentally kill them both and since his bankai causes him to lose control he might willingly kill them both without anyting remaining of either .
as nodt if his powers scared james or mask enough to prevent the cheering he 'd win rather easily .
i like to think that this was the reason nodt tolerated his prescence as he had no reason to fear him
berenice gabrielli his self doubt powers might 've a simmilar effect .
in general beings with metal powers like pepe or zommari should be able to incapacite james .
abilities that thoroughly destroy matter like a powerful enough cero ulquiorra 's lanza barragan 's respirar or yamamoto 's fire
in general the best tactic is to thoroughly destroy james while not landing any blows on mask and finish off mask after wards
kind of a dumb question but i just want reassurance .
i recently made an in-service withdrawal credit score is wonky loan would n't be approved and was reading the tsp pamphlet and it stated if you make an in-service withdrawal any received earnings would not be included .
does that mean the earnings before the withdrawal are not included ?
if that 's the case the remaining balance will still receive earnings ?
i just want to make sure because if the balance is n't receiving any earnings i may as well contribute 1 and put the rest in a separate ira .
i can command you on skype but i do not c2c with first time slaves unless you are very obedient .
i like working slaves out making them beg and deny my pets .
mic must be earned i will not c2c unless you are very obedient so do not bother adding me if you are not prepared .
i require face but will make exceptions on a case by case basis .
i do require a photo for reference and attractive guys move to the front .
please message me do n't just leave a comment also i do n't generally like chats .
if you have questions check my faq on my profile
as text says i just bought minecraft and when i installed and started it would load and crush at 90 tried watching some youtube videos but the launcher was different from the one i have .
i feel like this one has been done a lot but i just got done with my shiny hunt so ...
all of these eevees are 5-ivs with random natures no ha .
they all have the same moveset wish yawn mudslap and double kick .
also around half of them are in love balls .
i 'm not going to set a time for how long i 'll do this just until i 'm tired of it .
i 'll change the status above when i 'm done .
edit not a lot of people are responding so i 'm going to change it to by request .
hello i recently purchased the quadcast to use for streaming due to sound quality for the price but i 'd like to get a windscreen that would fit to kinda dim the bright red led while its in cam view any suggestions ?
hi guys my cis f boyfriend trans m is hoping to accompany my family and i on holiday to orlando florida in the summer .
he has his t injections every 10 weeks and at the moment he will need his shot done in the middle of the three weeks we are looking at booking .
unfortunately i can not administer the injection as it is one of the larger ones so he has to have it done by a doctor or nurse .
in addition to this most of the costs are covered over here in the uk so we have no idea how much he will have to pay to get it done in the usa .
he will have a glass vial by uk prescription which hopefully when we talk to doctors and the airline he will be able to take with him .
can any of you guys who live in the usa or any of you who may have had know about injections abroad please give us some advice ?
tldr my ftm boyfriend uk will need his t injection done in america .
how do we go about doing this and what are the costs ?
python is simple and easy to learn syntax learn python training at niwisha info solutions the best institute in ameerpet hyderabad .
python training in hyderabad telangana python programming training in hyderabad best institute for python training in hyderabad best python training hyderabad python course at hyderabad python language training in hyderabad
about two months ago i met a great 23 year-old female completely by chance she is very attractive smart kind and ambitious .
we 've been on 3 dates together and things are seeming to progress well .
we both initiate an equal amount of conversations and she always remembers the small details about me we 've both made our attraction clear to one another .
despite this i 've found that recently i 've been thinking about her more than ever and convincing my self that this girl can do better than me .
i recognize that this is a really dangerous mindset to have and it is eating away at me .
what are some ways i can overcome my negative self-talk ?
so of fucking course it drops before my preferred radiant fortress .
we provide led light strip bundles here at www.bselectricgoodies.co.uk https www.bselectricgoodies.co.uk ensuring you have everything you need in order to set up your own led light strip kit .
we also constructed a video to allow the consumer to setup their product with confidence .
check out our video to see if it could help you https youtu.be/jqazsfzamhi https youtu.be/jqazsfzamhi
english laundry oxford bleu near exact match except a bit more formal with weaker mint and stronger vanilla
this whole year bill has been a coward when going for it in tough situations .
this game and last game he is getting burned for it .
that 's actually the red orb you get from this mission a special item you can use to craft some of dante 's gear the reason i wanted to beat it so bad
even if you account for the carbon footprint of battery production evs still have a lower overall carbon footprint than normal cars https www.ucsusa.org/sites/default/files/attach/2015/11/cleaner-cars-from-cradle-to-grave-full-report.pdf .
detractors have been trying to claim that the carbon footprint of battery production outweighs the efficiency gains as far back as the prius thirteen years ago https np.reddit.com/r/teslamotors/comments/2kou6r/does_anyone_know_what_happens_to_the_batteries/clnlkue and that claim is as false now as it was back then whether applied to hybrids or to evs .
imagine wasting a first round pick on sony bumass michel .
dear lord bill has straight up sucked at drafting lately
i think you 're like me i just have fibrous breasts .
if i 'm sick/inflamed my boobs get a little lumpy .
it was terrifying the first time i noticed it but i got it checked out and it 's nothing to worry about .
next time it happens i hope that you can get to the doctor to get it all sorted out too !
pats only got themselves to blame for putting such a pathetic offense around brady .
although with how they 've cut the timer to accept it does n't give you very long to check out the address .
did this woman really just tell someone with cancer to essentially go fuck herself ?
i 'm really astonished at the kind of people that exist on this planet .
i 've never messed with ml myself so idk what specs you need for it .
but for being a laptop it 's pretty good now that the drivers are fixed .
i 'd find out what processor/gpu you 're looking at and then search that against ml and see where it puts you
to cut down on junk and bad submissions r/crazyideas automatically filters posts made by new accounts or accounts that do not have sufficient karma .
in the meantime please make yourself familiar with the rules if you have n't done this already .
we also suggest to engage in conversation on other posts .
do n't send us mod mail and ask for the exact requirements you 'll get there sooner than you think .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/crazyideas if you have any questions or concerns .
at this point you 'd have to subject astle to a bit of spin before taking the second new ball whether it 's lyon or labrador
i 'll make sure to look him up thanks .
i would have thought it 's just a problem to visit but apparently not .
they 're not always the same original ad either .
is there some weird thing with people collecting the old lids so other people think they can sell them ?
iirc the original version was just like that when the movies were first released back in july .
do n't know where the hell this one came from .
i remember going down to visit my brother in key west and seeing the helicopter flying above the vehicles on the old bridges when they were making this movie .
now create mumbra subreddit pin this picture on it and delete it from here .
yeah the magpies in aus are very different to the magpies in usa .
like how possums in usa look like mutant rats and in aus they are sweet and adorable and thus possum is considered a term of endearment .
if you look up aussie magpie warble you will hear what i 'm talking about .
and imagine a warm dewy aussie sunrise over the misty gully with a magpie warbling in the distance ...
the title implies that there is a form of toilet head that is n't cursed and i need pictures
again because you want to pretend shit that you have never seen you refer to someone like sciman that pretended a result to justify an insanity and you quote the shit like it is a fact not a religious belief with cartoons .
holy shit i 'd ask are you fucking kidding me with this trash ? ! ?
but i realize what sub i 'm on currently so ...
i can attest to the pizza i really like it !
i would try volunteering in some different fields like healthcare or tech .
research different kinds of jobs and take personality tests to see what piques your interest
grunnen for at den iranske generalen ble drept av amerikanerne var fordi han har utført angrep på amerikanere før .
i min mening synes jeg usa og trump var helt berettiget i drapet på soleimani .
jeg tror også ikke iran kommer til å starte en krig over drapet på en general .
jeg liker egentlig ikke å snakke politikk på nettet fordi jeg er ikke en ekspert i det hele tatt på politikk dette er egentlig bare mitt syn på ting .
on my 4th rewatch all the way through and just finished this episode
that sure is a lot of words for i do n't know . ''
i see i figured that was probably what happened with these shells but yeah that 's definitely better .
although i do n't know how much the shrapnel slows down after exploding but i 'm guessing rather than ruining someones day in the middle of the city it 'll probably just ruin some paint jobs on some cars or something .
this and punch a nazi '' are exactly how to not get less of them .
maybe befriend them and show them how to be good people .
people are going to distribute the client with plug in your totally legit m64 dump '' just like emulators .
probably wo n't stop them from trying to fuck with people unfortunately
there was not a single rtp or unnecessary roughness call against anyone who touched brady the entire season .
i am a mostly free to play player occasionally a dolphin in these gatcha games .
the best deal in this game is the level up package .
this is mostly true in every gatcha game i have played and i have played around a dozen over the years .
i can not recall making a purchase in brown dust as most of the packages are steep for me .
300 days played if i choose to buy a package it will either be the level up package or the cheap monthly subscription package 8.99 us .
the reason is that scrolls are basically discounted gambling while gems give credit towards guaranteed heroes and mileage .
if i had more money to gamble i might feel differently .
but in my opinion none of the other packages are a great deal and any package that does n't include at least some gems is worthless to me .
if i buy the level up package i get every reward because i am already 70 .
this may be less desirable depending on how long tou have been/intend to play .
you can only email them to ask for the watches you and they will answer within 24hours at least we do answer within 24hours about availability of the watch .
because some watches get out of stock and factories do n't inform us about it .
we can only know when place order with them or ask them in advance about availability .
here look at our progressive commercial where we display shitty customer service !
that 's what we want to associate with our brand !
denis and demon are playing some top notch stuff .
shotout to the nuggets fan behind the basket that was some real ass trashtalk .
at the end of the game half the arena was beefin with him lol but all respect at the end i missed that type of experience
kinda looks like a 90 degree angle of the fallout game boy .
if miami is able to set you up with someone in the atlanta region then easy enough .
you could always message miami and ask them a question similar to this and see what they say .
if you live in the atlanta region already you could send out resumes your l1 year and tell them your situation and it would certainly help you get a job after you pass the bar .
summer internships and such is the key here id say .
maybe they 're not aware calling is an option .
let them know what you 'd like to use to communicate !
the crab was to burn up the body so no one could look closely and realize it was n't him .
that 's actually the one thing that does get his attention .
he loves tug o war and fetch but i 've struggled with figuring out how to incorporate that to help with training .
pasteles i do n't like them but it 's something that everyone else here where i live really likes !
i would love to hear mark on your mom 's house .
recently got the rakuyo for the first time and i 'm loving it .
however nothing will beat the feeling i get smashing a beast with a giant silver sword lhs probably my fave .
best in my opinion though is probs saw cleaver it 's versatility is pretty unparalleled
i do love how my man got back in the play as if ai n't shit happened ...
the only consistent way is with hao or shelling active .
i do n't really hold with that theory but that does n't make it invalid for use in fiction .
if that is the case though it 's hard to see what the harm in time travel is .
it truly becomes just a form of travel you go to some other timeline and the one you left i unaffected .
seems like there must be some big deal consequence of time travel for it to be so frowned upon by the laws .
no i have n't dude that sounds pretty fuckn good tho .
please tag only one location 'wellington ' or 'nz ' .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofblowjob if you have any questions or concerns .
what color is the sky in the magical world you live in ?
i lived through the obama years back when romney was slandered as not paying taxes by harry reid it worked did n't it ?
and obama lectures us about the dangers of the bitter clingers .
the whole republican war on women pushing grandma off the cliff if they bring a knifee you bring a gun .
i 'd doubt it if you think democrats just pay fealty to civility .
you should take a moment to ensure you 're posting in the correct thread and if you are ask yourself why do you have no clue wtf is being discussed here .
this is a classic case of the trash taking itself out .
phillips looks like a legitimate test talent for the future .
that counselor is going to rail the parents hard for some serious abuse .
let the parents think he is a psycho maybe they wo n't be so quick to be abusive assholes
well you broke up with her and that is hugely courageous .
how much do you think it costs to implement this across the nhs ?
i 'm not a boy i 'm a man but yes you do talk about girls with your friends .
given a certain age talking about potential sexual partners is quite commong among people in general .
but also if you have a significant other there are topics you might want to talk about with friends .
my friends and i do talk about family wifes and our sexual lives quite frequently .
those are normal topics and should n't be considered to taboo subjects .
in dnd terms merlin is literally using one of them cantrips that can easily warp reality for a bit or prestidigitation or something .
... i regret not studying advanced guidebooks in the event i got isekai 'd .
there 's also derwentwater in the lake district just to confuse things further .
yeah i started clicking the not interested tab on any girls popping up on my insta explore .
do n't know why they came up suggested at all because i do n't search for girls on it and do n't follow any insta thots .
maybe instead of constantly pointing the finger at others you should get up and do something .
do you know the model number for the charger ?
nta you need to tell him to cut down on the cannabis and excessive alcohol as these seem to be the main reasons for his behaviour .
if you 're being woken up constantly it probably makes sense for you to have your own bedroom if you can afford it/have space .
honestly married couples having a bedroom each even if they 're not using it often should be far more common .
it 's incredible how well leo ring counters sinergise with profaned thrusts .
dungeon is one of the places i ca n't find hosts for the life of me .
that 's still getting a job so not really an answer for the people in question ...
maybe cuz that christmas game last year was the only one he carried about .
i 'd rather have rondo play more mins in playoffs than caruso .
yh happens in my local mosque too during important nights kids just stay at the back and get up to no good
yeah he 'll have a long shot chance in spring training to made the 25-man .
most likely we 'll end up with villar and berti in cf for a month or two before monte harrison is called up .
when we had shoot the ship i loved it .
but now that the playlist is gone i changed my loadout back .
so the irony is that whenever shoothouse comes up now i fucking hate it because none of my classes work .
games do n't cause violence lag does 😎 😎 😎 😎 😎 😎 😎 😎 😎 😎 😎
only thing i 've ever seen is a big cat in the uk .
it was just pouncing on something in the middle of the field out in the open clear as day could make out pretty much every detail and was seen by three of us .
finally put the whole thing to bed in my mind i 'd always wondered whether it was true or not but was a bit of a sceptic .
i used to live out in the countryside in wales in the valleys an hour away from cardiff .
there were so many stories there to the point where someone left posters on gates out on the hills appealing for information about it .
i used to walk a lot in those hills and never saw one but then when i least expected it bang there we go .
in about five seconds flat proof that they do exist after all .
i know they 're more ‘out of place animals ' but that 's as much as i 've got .
maybe equal to proving that the thylacine still exists which i think is a lot more likely than bigfoot but we 'll see .
being uk based i 'm endlessly envious of people lucky enough to live in the pacific northwest and i find the ‘uk wildman ' reports quite amusing .
except ... .i live pretty near to harwood forest which is where the british episode of finding bigfoot filmed spoiler they did n't find it and all i 'll say is that my dog hates walking there literally starts crying and runs back to the car .
i 'm not saying there 's a bigfoot there because there is n't but it is a strange old place .
if age is not a factor then i 'm not a huge fan of state farm stadium .
it 's a big ass building that feels like a parking garage inside .
sex multiple times a week is not a dead bedroom .
only thing that makes me tilted while washing dishes is when someone uses a big pan and did n't put any water on top of it after cooking something on it fuck that shit takes a good solid minute of constant scrubbing to get off .
i was really hoping this would be a sub full of songs that pair well with domestic violence .
i do n't have the words to describe my disappointment .
i 'd already looked at the official dice deck and i particularly like your 'beans ' idea .
could be thematically titled 'alms ' as in 'alms for the poor ' and i like the idea that it subtly balances against the apparent leader .
this was n't meant to hurt anyone if it did i apologise .
weird how i have to listen to things i made and read what i also made to understand how to parse me being the only one here .
territorial könnte ich mit dem verlust sachsens an polen leben .
your submission was automatically removed because rimjobtube.com is not an approved site .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/gwcouples if you have any questions or concerns .
i really fucking hate that america got us into another war .
because on one hand i 'll probably get to go and kill muslims but on the other hand i 'll be fighting for israel .
edit imagine being so autistic that you actually downvote this joke .
do you think the us has had a great reputation in the past 30 years ?
it 's been a while since people started disliking us .
stuff like iran-contra panama mogadishu rwanda iraq afghanistan droning etc .
no one seems to mention the bible in a lot of these posts .
it 's the most profound book ever to be written and we all just talk a bunch of shit about moving galaxies .
i wonder sometimes why it does not get mentioned more often here .
fairly new to tarkov and gun-modding first run with this baby i got 5 pmc kills on decently kitted players !
you must capitalize the first letter of both p**rice '' and c**heck '' in price check at the start of your title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/market76 if you have any questions or concerns .
the chances of a crash is very low and i am dollar cost averaging into etfs in the mean time no matter what .
but predicting that there will be a 40-50 correction within the next 25 years is possible and if that happens i want to know exactly which stock i should swoop in and buy at a discount .
your cock is like 5 inches in those prior photos .
stop posting fake stuff because you have penis envy .
hey gets a fat paycheck for doing nothing that is what he is doing .
your post was removed because it uses the body text box .
you can only use the title field to post a question in askreddit .
per rule 1 r/askreddit/wiki/index wiki_-rule_1 use of the body text box is prohibited .
you can resubmit your post here https www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/submit ? selftext=true title=if you were a genie ? without the textbox .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/askreddit if you have any questions or concerns .
the man who is currently abusing the pms office is a liar a thief and an incompetent fool who openly admits to being unable to remove his religious bias from his duty to the people of australia .
he has shown he not only lacks empathy but will openly scorn and mock those less fortunate should they cry out for help .
he has shown that he considers himself a commander rather than a leader by refusing to roll up his sleeves and lead by example .
he has shown himself to be a petulant narcissist by acting hurt when confronted over his inaction and by dismissing rightfully place anger as someone merely being tired .
all of these things add up to a sum that can not be ignored .
and it is that while he he is a citizen and the pm of australia he is without a doubt not an aussie
i am so filled with sorrow and rage that i feel a little lost right now .
i can not fathom how you can be so civil toward this man and fellow poitician .
i would feel dirty just sharing a profession with him .
shit i feel dirty that i have to say he is my pm .
why would an iranian top military general be in iraq near the attack of a us embassy .
also we are close allies they provide us with oil we provide them with weapons we also are allied in opposition to communism .
i 'd say the same but during his death he seems genuinely upset at the idea that he is n't authentic .
i do feel like it 's more in keeping with the shows messages and themes if he is a fraud but a fair bit of supernatural stuff happens so is it really out of the question ?
poor poor women that their contributions were never acknowledged meanwhile nameless soldier age 19 died on omaha beach and only his mom will remember it bit yeah work on the factories must be very hard
if you want your comment to count toward judgment include only one of the following abbreviations in your comment .
if you do n't include a judgement abbreviation the bot will ignore you when it looks for the top voted comment .
you 're the asshole the other party is not yta
you 're not the a-hole the other party is nta
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/amitheasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
you could go to netflix website and watch from there
i would gladly take one for the dex let me know if youre down
i figured actually looked up pastrami to see if it 's some new kid on the block
yeah its not the best but i like it and i just got my new drawing tablet today to draw this .
do n't be afraid to complain about bad service .
i once had a lousy shopper who did the same thing .
he also lied to me about an item being out of stock .
seems he had a rough night and immediately after he delivered my order he got on our local facebook page and complained about it .
little did he know i was the customer and i read all about my shop gone bad !
shipt fired him a few months later for poor ratings .
the idea is that she 's able to joke about it and get over it ... ...
nah i mean the only people i see with snowball launchers are these dudes tho
it seems that making fun of circlejerking actually became the biggest circlejerk .
and so the circle of jerking closes the snake bites its tail we failed to break endless circulation of jerking .
you just need focus on the end result easily knowing how to communicate in another language .
you limit the god in you from bringing it to you by dictating the how .
i also think your taking having the knowledge inside of you too literally .
so preciously seasons 1-3 it seemed to be a drop rate of 1 every 60-80ish .
now it really seems like a drop rate of 1 every 80-120 so it does seem like it .
this is from research and thousands of collective orange tickets from myself and other members of my states and previous states .
look great on but would look even better on my bedroom floor
damn i do n't think i 've ever seen such worn-out morgans .
what do you do with them for your act ?
do n't matter they 'll be on training or some other excuse.. gon na be waiting a lot longer
rudy gestede has just scored an overhead kick for us
what fucking world are we living in https twitter.com/craigac/status/1212399404914761728 ? s=21
lots of people are in denial that calories in calories out is the number one way to lose fat .
so many people think eating specific foods or following specific diets are the best ways to drop pounds and they are most often the ones who fail .
mention a reduction in food on reddit and you 'll always find people who disagree
you feel bad for her and that 's ok but you did an amazing thing for mike imagine if they got married and then he found out it would be a real shit show way worse than now she would be an alcoholic going through a divorce and he would be even more heartbroken
raiola seems like the type of character that would hide information or adjust things in such a way so that he gets what he wants while making it seem like a good deal for the player .
nearly all of the players on his book are expensive but not necessarily influential/key players for their clubs .
it seems to me like they become transfer merchants under his management where they get influenced by money .
so it was javelin with a javelin who was firing at trigger during the anchorhead raid .
that 's exactly how i feel and i hope my husband feels the same .
hes talking to his father and trying to work something out so well see .
for those of you confused by the photo please just flip your phone over to see the other side of the picture .
i like how you put the dvd logo up in the corner
well i would n't have called him a cunt without a reason .
this was the result of one of our last teammates betraying the other guy and me .
thats if you play hide and seek get caught and tell the seeker the hiding spots of other people .
100 especially since the eqns would apply to 2019 anyways .
then again amber provided next to no care for that toddler at any point in his life and she still clearly resents him .
teddy is a starter on at least half the teams in the league tho .
unless the bowl has the equivalent floor space of a 10 gallon tank then i would n't put anything in there .
if you want to do a rainforest setup i would get a larger tank better for animals .
i know they are bugs but they are awfully cute and come in some great colors .
'' ... it was a seriously question how they did it before the spin cycle .
here 's https youtu.be/gumyzyttxz0 ? t=86 a pretty good video of how laundry was done in a wringer washer .
she shortcuts a couple of things like she did n't rinse the washer and tub out between the wash and rinse operations and did n't use her stick to feed the clothes into the wringer but she 's the real deal knows what she 's doing .
source i did laundry like this until sometime in my early twenties .
new update 19.12.3 crash my card rx580 sapphire pulse suddlen specialy in mid game .
do you mean the correct logos for the teams and the competition ? ?
i feel like you just measuring down from the window and using some larger than needed paddle bits you would 've been able to use longer pieces of conduit before cutting and coupling them .
but either way i 'm glad this job was n't mine and it looks like you knocked it out of the park
what a fucking loser are you for ddosing the guy you watch for entertainment ...
if the story is real she was asking the questions more for the sake of her friends confidence than the actual information/grades .
shortest the day i was born longest ... do n't think it 's possible
edx is legitimate it was started by those universities and they do have courses for credit and complete degree programs now
you are completley off about the unions tanking the big 3 .
this rather in depth https www.thebalance.com/auto-industry-bailout-gm-ford-chrysler-3305670 article goes into how and why the big 3 needed to get bailed out .
no where in the whole piece does the word union '' even appear .
in fact it 's my recollection that the unions voluntarily voted for a pay cut without even being asked by management or congress .
unions are needed because business owners are not incentivised to protect the workforce .
the only way to do that is for the workforce to protect itself .
however getting rid of the 3 tier system wo n't solve the pay and saftey issues in our industry .
do you know what sort of organization was litterally created to fight for worker 's saftey and pay ?
dont wash your hands and look colluege in eye and walk out .
i agree a roll back and refund for bought gems was the only way to deal with this with the least amount of vitriol .
the way theyre doing it is going to lose good will players and most likely payers too .
naw that would be 20-25 times and it 's definitely not that many .
it 's rare to have one before xmas and then you might average one a week in january and part of february and then it 's pretty rare again in march .
i do n't remember a year where it was more than around 10 and i had winter permits for seven years up into recently
i wonder if the queue system itself could be reworked to have a i want to run with all pugs '' setting so you could have greater risk but greater rewards ?
the inverse of this would be i want to fill in the last gap of a 4 man team '' .
a lot of the queues do need explanation research to do well in them but that 's just mmos in general .
i 've been saying for a while that a story mode '' run through of the queues in the style of the tor story mode flashpoints '' as a kind of single player tutorial '' for the queues would be fantastic instead of just forcing new players to play them through as part of the story arcs .
i think i have 48 ncvr´s atm if u want more but i need to double check .
do u have any of the patriarchs i´m looking for maybe ?
cause i would like to swap the gyre for one of those if possible .
for the cc2 voltaics i´m looking for 1000c each for bs and lime .
many subreddits will shadowban you by deliberately hobbling your post rate for posts and comments depending on how negative your karma gets on your previous submissions and comments in the sub of question .
someone who eats 50 karma in an average subreddit twice or thrice will very quickly find this slapped on them and it 's an active discouraging tactic to force them to disengage or otherwise try to craft posts and comments to pander to the mob mentality and get social approval back in the form of karma again .
wait so that guy was taken hostage to build the bridge 😂 that sad look before he got jumped lol
tried that right away it spins up but is not seen by the nas
or maybe i should have said i smile this much for you '' and make it weird
the one thing that really helped me was checking this thread whenever i had the munchies or wanted to indulge and then poof !
it would go away and i could continue fasting with my tea .
if a former foodie and couch potato like me can do it you definitely can !
could easily picture him pacing outside the kfc on linthorpe road friday night half two itching for a ruck
tesla has said before they only intend to cover cost and do n't seek profit on the super chargers .
their existence is a perk for buying a tesla but ya long term the could change their stance .
i know some people buy evs without the ability to charge at home but they are n't common even homeowners without dedicated parking ca n't necessarily charge at home .
i would n't want to rely on fast charging they cost plenty and battery degradation is higher maybe the new cars now really are ok but lithium batteries for the past 20 years have n't liked being charged over 1c i guess 50 kw on a 80 kwh battery would n't bother me
not sure joe often you scrub your history but this is all i have to go off of .
they 're self-explanatory are n't they what was the trouble you were having ?
there 's a party guide on gamefaqs if you wan na look it up as well .
pros and high level player also tend to devote more time to freeplay than regular players who are just playing for fun
i was talking about people who say online friends are n't real friends op
welcome to r/censorship where censorship is a-okay as long as big tech does it .
i 'm suggesting that churches get out of politics altogether regardless of party affiliation .
we 're supposed to have a separation of church and state .
the state stays out of the business of churches .
but the churches are also supposed to stay out of the business of government .
clearly one side is maintaining that bargain while the other is n't .
since churches refuse to stay out of politics they should be subject to tax just like everyone else .
ah so you finally appeared it only took you 100 years your inexperience shows ''
guys i do n't suppose this is some kind of contrived paint-by-numbers adventure that 's designed to force an emotional bond between me and my emotionally-stunted father is it ?
rooting aalllwwaayys takes way longer for me than i think/want it to .
what are you trying to accomplish by leaving these guys in water ?
you 've got a banging rhizome so they have everything they need to be successful in soil amd theoretically make more babies .
from my experience snake plants are slow movers in terms of reproduction .
and another puzzling question of mine that i have n't been able to answer for the past years .
does any of you have a copy of this album ?
on the cd there is an announcement of when and where they recorded each song by ahriman .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required gender title tags .
please resubmit your post with the appropriate gender tag in the title f f m m t t .
do not have anything else inside the brackets age ect .
if you want to put your age or anything else with it do it like 25 f
this action was performed by a bot and can not answer you please message the mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fratemynudebody if you have additional questions .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/ratemynudebody if you have any questions or concerns .
this is the selfish attitude that got us here in the first place .
and the rest of the developing world is following this trend .
i know people who work here and they tell me good things .
also i live a mile and a half from here. it worked .
it sounds really clichéd but you do pick up so much from just doing something new .
last month i decided to build a web scraper that navigated to a specific website tabulated every pdf file name location date downloaded them and then extracted the text of each into a corresponding csv file .
i started from scratch but by the end i had such a good understanding of selenium as well as a beginner understanding of css something which i had no intention of learning about .
i 've been learning python for 6 months now but after that mini project i 've decided i will only learn by doing now .
i am delving into oop now but instead of just watching more youtube videos on it i 'm going to start a new mini project instead .
we had a guy who bought a 65 7 series and tried to put it in his car .
we looked at the car and said it would n't fit prius .
he waits for his wife over 2 hours his wife comes with a yaris at this point it 's closing time .
at this point the tv is outside and he 's with his brother in the car .
they decide to put the tv on top of the car and hold onto it with the windows down .
no rope we said no but they did n't care because they only lived down the street .
i forgot to mention that we tried putting the tv in his car he insisted but it did n't even make it in the trunk it stuck out by like 3-4 inches
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
please do not message us about this we will probably mute you and move on with our day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
again i understand what your talking about but in terms of what it spoils and do n't get me wrong i 've heard that before but from watching that way it feels like a genuine story that flows properly .
especially if we are talking about the main character in zero and the way his ideals transfer on the next .
in terms of the benefits to the cost of the watching zero to bladeworks they far out weigh any type of negative as the main character in zero does a phenomenal job of setting the depth and the intensity of what it means to be in a grail war much more than the main character in stay night tbh .
the spoilers are n't necessarily spoilers in the sense that they fill in information that unlimited attempts to hide to give you that woah '' moment but as a friend once told me are entirely contrived and if watched in zero do much more for the whole story imo .
i get what your saying about the route but it would be much better to read the novel than be disappointed in stay night anime .
i love saber too but i think zero is just too good from start to finish to not watch initially especially since he 'd be able to watch one of the greatest bro moments ever i could never recommend delaying that experience
men do n't have the luxury of being passive when it comes to relationships .
looking for friendships will get you plenty of friends but finding a romantic partner is an entirely different experience .
i see op took your advice to heart but for anyone else reading this please do n't do this !
for guys we ca n't just be nice and meet people with nothing but purely platonic intentions .
some get lucky sure and they end up meeting someone randomly or they develop feelings during an actual platonic friendship these are exceedingly rare ladies coming from a dude with more girl friends than i can count it 's so obvious who 's an orbiter and who is actually a friend so fellas if you 're ok with being passive and hoping something will just fall into your lap then this advice makes sense .
just know you 're going to be putting yourself at a huge disadvantage .
the realistic way the way that will get you the most success is to play the numbers game and make your intentions clear early on .
join dating apps yes you will be rejected 99 of the time but for every 100 no 's you might get a bot that says yes !
look good groom yourself and have nice clothes and style .
talk to women flirt with women get over whatever insecurities you have .
you will be rejected and fail so many times .
but once you get over that fear it wo n't sting as much .
keep the grind going and eventually you 'll hopefully find someone .
but there are no guarantees which is why you have to pump those numbers up !
you know the difference between someone who 's had 1 girlfriend and 20 girlfriends ?
the guy with 20 got rejected and failed 20 times more .
so since they sold the team they probably would n't allow it
it would have been if i were detonating my rocket inside of you !
to help make the experience more effective for everyone we do have some resources and rules for you to keep in mind .
• do you need to understand terms or acronyms ?
check out our links https www.reddit.com/r/narcissisticabuse/wiki/resources and book recommendations .
• looking to contact the moderators of the sub ?
we ca n't respond to individual posts all the time so please post your issues to the community rather than the mods if it 's not about a rule breaking issue or sub issue .
you can message the mod team here https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fnarcissisticabuse subject message .
please review the rules to ensure your post meets the standards of the sub .
no crossposting or direct linking to other subs or posts .
if you are a narc or abuser you will be banned .
we want you to have a good experience and get the most out of the community .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/narcissisticabuse if you have any questions or concerns .
the spread of extremist ideologies online is pretty concerning as well but ok
this all or nothing mentality is the reason why i rarely frequent this sub
when u have an appointment that you really do n't want to go to and do n't know how to cancel and then suddenly out of nothing this miracle happens and your appointment cancels ...
if you were here on christmas you have a christmas present in your inventory !
while i have no doubt a croc could take down a lion they 'd have to do it from ambush .
it 's not like they can rock up to the pride and be like bruh throw down .
so that would imply that the other two thirds are non-indigenous ?
when that third is what 3 of the population that 's am aproximate 11x representation error .
sorry but in a world of 8m mapping shotgun stomp ee5 hunters with invincible forward roll dodge all bets are off
trump has a history not a very flattering one if you 're looking towards how history will record your administration .
drain the swamp '' was the cry yet he hired more ceos and billionaires than any other cabinet in history .
i 'll be too busy to play golf as president '' beating obama 's two terms worth of golfing expenses before completing his third year in office .
i think trump 's biggest failure so far is underestimating how minor actions can blossom out to huge issues case in point the state department .
he sends in his people who 's first course of action is to remove anyone who was either a nevertrumper or was known to have donated to democratic causes/candidates .
with more and more seasoned professionals leaving the department the institutional memory and muscle memory of how to do the job has rapidly diminished .
and given what the dictator in turkey was able to pull off having trump withdraw support for the kurds allowing mercenaries paid by turkey to slaughter the kurds then he gets himself invited to the white house one has to ask wtf does erdogan have on trump ? ''
its not to their advantage at this time ... they have significant market share and a lockhokd on most customers in the state .
opening up full legalization is n't something they are ready for yet they need more cultivation for legalization .
i scout for cannon rush after my gas then scout the opponant after second gate .
if i dont see the opponant 's probe in the middle of the map i suspect a proxy already and start chronoing stalkers
well i believe in humanity and that there are few honest users out there .
this statement is invalid considering this scene takes place in 2016 which is 3 years after tonystark has the shrapnel removed from his chest .
my boss keeps a magnet on the safe that says treat your employees like they make a difference and they will . ''
social history there are works aplenty from burton stein to harbans mukhia
economic history oxford compendium of economic history part 1 and part 2 .
east india company the honorable company by john keay .
history from english perspective calcutta past and present kathleen blechnyden .
one stop compendium india a history by john keay .
the demographics educated but not particularly well-educated privileged on a global scale but not particularly privileged young urban all tend towards the left .
or put another way what episode are your favorites which are the funniest etc ?
i don´t gon na lie ... i like mouths more than pussies .
you ca n't just stick wings on the body and make it fly .
also i ca n't see an application for this for your work .
it 's what i 've done my entire life and i 've never had a problem like this .
he paid people to dance with a sign saying death to all jews ''
the only one i might reroll is the loki 17 card you can get more offensive stats than what it has right now .
urus wise i generally go for offensive stats like physical or energy attack .
followed by crit crit dmg hp ignore def scd if its not maxed from cards and alliance buff .
i would n't bother at all with phy energy def .
also i 'd work on getting them to at least legendary level 5 before equipping them .
no point wasting a slot for a 1-4 uru as you can only have maximum of 2 uru of the same type in each gear slot .
where did the pilots get the idea that the craft was able to outrun them ?
i scanned through the videos you linked but did n't notice a mention of that .
granted but they get activated whenever they say your name
it 's a smallish vaacuming robot that usually does the job instead of you .
i 'm saying usually because about 70 of the time it gets stuck somewhere and does fuck all .
one time i was heating up some beans and they were cold and i took big mouthful of them and almost died from the taste
phantom knight is the mature older brother that 's always had his feet on the right path and propeller knight is the little spoiled brat who doesnt understand why his older brother went off chasing ghosts when they have all this presumably inherited money and can live in luxury .
at this rate she 'll probably post it to instagram herself .
top 3 for me are charlie quinn and finn in no particular order
idk if that helped at all but i am also very indecisive haha especially with having all really good options
i 'm definitely getting one my parents luckily wo n't care but i say yes
unloading onto splitters is worse for ups than conventional unloaders for fixed thruput last time i checked but you are probably better of belting the ore from the mine even if the mine is 1000s tiles away .
black betty remix it 's a good song to drive hells gas to but i fell like if imma kick some ass i 'd want this playing in the background
so it does n't matter to him that his muscles are squishy ?
what about potential capsular contracture of the implants throughout his body ?
has that ever been discussed in any of his interviews ?
any inquiry for tbsm email us at testbankorder gmail dot com
a guide to biology with physiology 4th edition by jay phelan
a guide to biology with physiology 4th edition by jay phelan
a guide to biology with physiology 4th edition by jay phelan
a few months back i made a fun post asking people if they could only use one weapon for each loadout slot forever which one would they pick .
i gave my answer as well and found some sections extremely difficult .
the scout has so many secondaries that each function in totally different ways and picking just one in that theoretical situation was torture .
i mean every heavy minigun is still a minigun but the majority of scout secondaries are totally different .
i 'm curious as to the communities general opinion on each of the scout 's secondaries .
are there any actual bad ones to begin with ?
i suppose it 's fine but i almost never use it due to the fact that i feel like taking that time to reload even a single shot on my primary will often end in the same result plus i roll soda-popper which reloads fast anyway .
i do n't have an issue with it but i enjoy the unique effects of other items more and feel like you 'd benefit with any other choice more most of the time especially if you change them depending on the map and stuff .
while i do think that the last nerf that slowed you down once it wore off really sucks the fact that this is the only item that can provide you with 8 seconds of almost total invincibility whenever is incredible .
i mean you can use it to bypass sentries assuming you know where they are escape from unwinnable situations if cornered and if you 're being spawn camped this is one of the few ways that you can get out of it without needing a huge time and team investment .
it 's not really practical most of the time but i think the niche use it offers is great .
a really goddamn fun weapon if you can use it well but like the bonk needs to have good positioning and timing to use well which makes it not useful most of the time .
i mean if you can get the drop on people from behind or the side this can be really goddamn good but it 's also heavily map dependent and not always a great choice at least in my experience .
i mean it extinguishes teammates and yourself uncover spies and can provide the whole team with a potential source of healing from any enemy .
this is damn good and is going to be basically useful in most situations but it does mean that you ca n't sneak up on enemies and meatshot them as you would need to throw the milk first and alert people to your presence if you wanted to use it in a 1 on 1 battle .
in a head-on fight though this can be godly .
similar to the pistol but i like it more .
more damage per second and extra jump height can be really useful and i 'd expect to use a pistol when enemies are low on health anyway .
again similar to the pistol and better in my opinion .
a minor clip size nerf for higher damage per second and healing ?
the healing is small but i do feel like it 's more useful than the stock pistol .
like the bonk a lot of people seem to dislike this weapon which i do n't really get .
sure it 's harder to land than hitscan pistol shots but it 's still fast and if you manage to land a single cleaver you can do up to 90 damage with it including the bleed !
that is absolutely nothing to scoff at and a single primary shot on an enemy plus the guillotine will kill most enemies .
it recharges absurdly fast and the fact is this is the only weapon scout has that can deal a respectable amount of damage at long range well i guess the wrap assassin is ok though the initial hit on that is really weak .
whenever i see a group of enemies in the distance or an area where enemies often appear from i throw this thing .
if it misses no biggie it 'll be back in literally 6 seconds and if it hits and the enemy is in combat it 'll likely kill them unless they get healing and if it does n't kill it 's still a sizable amount of damage for any class and again this is at basically any range .
the fact that it can leave many classes at near-death with a single hit from a far away distance and let you quickly retreat as the scout is fantastic to me .
of course the fact of the matter is unless you 're a god at leading timing and aiming you 're going to miss the majority of the ones that you throw .
still i find this to be a useful secondary on basically any map and game mode and hitting someone with one once you 're out of their sight is also a lot of fun .
i look forward to hearing other 's views on this !
is there any way/service/app that lets me earn points/cashback for paying my bills ?
i 'm a first time primary holder for a cc ub cash back master and i 've payed off my first statement using my ub savings earns getgo if used for debit but i found out that paying my bills thru my savings does n't earn me points so i was wondering if there 's any way i could maximise my expenses .
i 've looked thru conversations on this sub up til posts from 2018 seems like there is n't anything on it except for one where people suggested using coins app for cashback .
do n't know why but i 'm kinda starting to get scared that i might bend my key trying to lock my door in the morning when i go to work .
i have to put enough force into it that it really hurts my fingers .
hi guys looking for a model and need help its a birthday gift brother has no collection at all and we both would like to start collecting looking for some nice piece which might make a nice start of collection http www.automodelyzlin.cz
this is where im shopping please suggest me few very good quality models im not focused yet
or does it need to be where i planned the aqueduct ?
a few months back i made a fun post asking people if they could only use one weapon for each loadout slot forever which one would they pick .
i gave my answer as well and found some sections extremely difficult .
the scout has so many secondaries that each function in totally different ways and picking just one in that theoretical situation was torture .
i mean every heavy minigun is still a minigun but the majority of scout secondaries are totally different .
i 'm curious as to the communities general opinion on each of the scout 's secondaries .
are there any actual bad ones to begin with ?
i suppose it 's fine but i almost never use it due to the fact that i feel like taking that time to reload even a single shot on my primary will often end in the same result plus i roll soda-popper which reloads fast anyway .
i do n't have an issue with it but i enjoy the unique effects of other items more and feel like you 'd benefit with any other choice more most of the time especially if you change them depending on the map and stuff .
while i do think that the last nerf that slowed you down once it wore off really sucks the fact that this is the only item that can provide you with 8 seconds of almost total invincibility whenever is incredible .
i mean you can use it to bypass sentries assuming you know where they are escape from unwinnable situations if cornered and if you 're being spawn camped this is one of the few ways that you can get out of it without needing a huge time and team investment .
it 's not really practical most of the time but i think the niche use it offers is great .
a really goddamn fun weapon if you can use it well but like the bonk needs to have good positioning and timing to use well which makes it not useful most of the time .
i mean if you can get the drop on people from behind or the side this can be really goddamn good but it 's also heavily map dependent and not always a great choice at least in my experience .
i mean it extinguishes teammates and yourself uncover spies and can provide the whole team with a potential source of healing from any enemy .
this is damn good and is going to be basically useful in most situations but it does mean that you ca n't sneak up on enemies and meatshot them as you would need to throw the milk first and alert people to your presence if you wanted to use it in a 1 on 1 battle .
in a head-on fight though this can be godly .
similar to the pistol but i like it more .
more damage per second and extra jump height can be really useful and i 'd expect to use a pistol when enemies are low on health anyway .
again similar to the pistol and better in my opinion .
a minor clip size nerf for higher damage per second and healing ?
the healing is small but i do feel like it 's more useful than the stock pistol .
like the bonk a lot of people seem to dislike this weapon which i do n't really get .
sure it 's harder to land than hitscan pistol shots but it 's still fast and if you manage to land a single cleaver you can do up to 90 damage with it including the bleed !
that is absolutely nothing to scoff at and a single primary shot on an enemy plus the guillotine will kill most enemies .
it recharges absurdly fast and the fact is this is the only weapon scout has that can deal a respectable amount of damage at long range well i guess the wrap assassin is ok though the initial hit on that is really weak .
whenever i see a group of enemies in the distance or an area where enemies often appear from i throw this thing .
if it misses no biggie it 'll be back in literally 6 seconds and if it hits and the enemy is in combat it 'll likely kill them unless they get healing and if it does n't kill it 's still a sizable amount of damage for any class and again this is at basically any range .
the fact that it can leave many classes at near-death with a single hit from a far away distance and let you quickly retreat as the scout is fantastic to me .
of course the fact of the matter is unless you 're a god at leading timing and aiming you 're going to miss the majority of the ones that you throw .
still i find this to be a useful secondary on basically any map and game mode and hitting someone with one once you 're out of their sight is also a lot of fun .
i look forward to hearing other 's views on this !
i come from a lot of rewatches of skam og and skam italia but 0 for the other ones .
for the umpteenth time in history the united states has been proving by its actions that the local parasites see the best solution to any of their own problems as the outbreak of war .
the only thing that holds them back is the threat of a deadly response ...
the us navy 's boeing p-8a poseidon patrol anti-submarine aircraft conducted reconnaissance along the black sea coast of russia according to the monitoring resource plane radar .
at 10:20 moscow time the aircraft was spotted in the airspace of bulgaria .
he flew out of italy from sigonella 's nato base .
after about an hour and a half the ship began reconnaissance .
after working in the sevastopol area the plane flew towards novorossiysk .
the ship spent about two hours at the russian border .
american military aircraft are often seen off the coast of the russian peninsula .
the department of defense called on the united states to abandon such actions but the pentagon refused .
according to the head of the russian defense department sergei shoigu the group of forces created in the crimea leaves no chance '' for potential attempts to encroach on the country 's territory and plays a crucial role in ensuring its security .
the islamic revolutionary guard corps irgc has threatened to attack the united arab emirates and israel if the country is bombed .
this is reported by cnn with reference to the telegram channel of the irgc reports tengrinews.kz .
in particular we are talking about the cities of dubai and haifa .
the irgc considers israel an accomplice in the murder of iranian general qassem suleimani .
as part of this crime we do not consider israel separately from the united states '' the organization said in a statement .
the irgc also stated that any state that provides its territory as a springboard for attacks or aggression against iran as well as provide any assistance to the us armed forces will be the target of the iranian armed forces .
israel is no safer from iranian missiles than the us .
iranian retaliation strikes have serious consequences for israel tengrinews wrote adding that israel is more exposed than ever to potential islamic republic missile operations . ''
just a day before tengrinews sounded a warning note for the regime the commander of the irgc aerospace division brigadier general amir-ali hajizadeh called the strikes on ayn al-assad only the starting point of a large operation '' that will grow in scope throughout the region .
and if the u.s. military lacks the answers to defend against iran 's ballistic missiles then israel whose early warning and missile defense systems are based on american models is in the same boat he added .
his profile has the poland flag and he has played for poland every other year ...
i was going through my old journals to try and see if there 's any evidence of this happening before and sure enough there are entries from more than 10 years ago signed by a different name .
i can remember using that name but not sure why it was important for me to sign the entry like that .
and those feel like my memories just so far back .
and i do n't understand why i 'd do it like that ?
of being a different person in school then with my friends and at home .
and i remember snippets of being sort of bewildered how nobody notices that this person writing in the journals is the real me while everything else is pretending .
now i do n't really feel like it was me despite knowing what was going on at that time .
confusing i know and thanks if you 're still reading this mumbo .
and i 've found an entry from a couple of years ago about a conversation i supposedly had that i have no memory of .
and it was supposedly an emotionally loaded convo with a person i was in love with at the time .
and another instance where i ca n't recall one person at a party despite my friends all telling me they were there for more than 24 hours .
and no matter how hard i try to remember it 's impossible .
even now i 'm writing stuff it 's me and at some point in the same entry it just changes to being more slanted .
i still feel like me but for some reason or other it changes .
and there 's nobody i can feel with me .
and sometimes when the handwriting changes and i feel my voice being different i sometimes say something out loud to check myself and i feel like it 's someone else but it 's so ridiculous at the same time for example now it 's the age sliding host writing this i think case in point coming and then when i feel different i ask myself if it 's jayne .
should n't the alter that switched to the front know who they are ?
and why would i/they recheck instead of just knowing ?
i dunno if you understand what i 'm getting at .
it 's like all the evidence is against me/us .
all i know about my life up until this point leads to me having a complex dissociative disorder of some kind .
somehow i still feel so lost and confused and like a dissociated scroedinger cat believing and not believing existing and not existing at the same time .
just wanted to vent i guess and hear y'all experiences .
is it possible to switch and then not know who it is ?
is it possible to not switch fully but like blend or lend '' parts of the alter 's personality to the host so it 's kinda me but someone else at the same time ?
if i open a post on the normal reddit app open the on apollo automatically
we 'll start this class with a rather gentle introduction by asking ourselves what a camera really is and what its different components are .
chances are that you will already know some of this but going through it anyway will at least ensure that we have defined a common vocabulary .
in the strictest sense it is simply a device which can record light .
it does so by focusing light on a photosensitive surface .
from this simple sentence we can see the three main parts of any camera .
the photosensitive surface reacts to light through either a chemical process film or an electric one digital sensor .
there are fundamental differences between these two which we will cover in a subsequent lesson but for now we can consider both of them to be identical they are a grid of several million tiny dots pixels and each can remember how much light it received in a given period of time .
there are three important qualities to each sensor resolution size and what we can call quality .
resolution is simply the number of pixels it is slightly more complicated with film let 's forget about it for now .
the more pixels you have the more fine grained details you can theoretically record .
millions of pixels will be enough for displaying on a screen but higher resolutions come into play for two important applications printing and cropping .
modern camera 's all have resolutions big enough for almost all needs .
you can print bigger than the biggest printsizes without any loss of quality the moment you have more than 14 mpix .
in order to have a good reproduction quality it is generally estimated that between 240 and 300 pixels should be used for every inch of paper dots per inch or dpi which will give a natural limitation to the biggest size one can print .
for instance a 6mp image of dimensions 2000×3000 pixels can be printed at a maximum size of 12.5×8.3″ at 240dpi 2000/240 8.3 3000/240 12.5 .
it is possible to print bigger by either lowering the dpi or artificially increasing the resolution but this will come at a serious loss of image quality .
having a higher resolution allows you to print bigger .
cropping means reducing the size of an image by discarding pixels on the sides .
it is a very useful tool and can often improve composition or remove unwanted elements from an image .
however it will also decrease resolution since you lose pixels so how much cropping you allow yourself will depend on the initial resolution which you want to be as high as possible .
this is also what some cheaper cameras call digital zoom which use should be avoided as the plague as the same effect can very easily be reproduced in post-processing and the loss of image quality is often enormous .
the physical size of the sensor is very important and will have an impact on many other parameters most of which we will see in subsequent lessons crop factor depth of field high iso noise dynamic range are some of them .
bigger sensors will also allow to have more widely spaced pixels increasing image quality or more of them increasing resolution .
bigger is almost always better and this is one of the main reasons that dslrs and medium format cameras produce much better images than compact cameras .
in tomorrow 's lesson we will cover the different types of cameras in more details .
finally sensor quality is harder to quantify but it refers to how well the sensor reacts to difficult light conditions either low light which will require to increase iso and for which we want the sensor to have as little noise as possible or high contrast which will require a good dynamic range to be recorded adequately .
the lens is the second component of any camera .
it is an optical device which takes scattered light rays and focuses them neatly on the sensor .
lenses are often complex with up to 15 different optical elements serving different roles .
the quality of the glass and the precision of the lens will be extremely important in determining how good the final image is .
lenses must make compromises and a perfect all around lens is physically impossible to build .
for this reason good lenses tend to be specialized and having the ability to switch them on your camera will prove extremely useful .
lenses usually come with cryptic sequences of symbols and numbers which describe their specifications .
without going too much into details let 's review some of their characteristic
focal length refers roughly to the zoom level or angle of view of the lens .
it will have its own lesson in a few days as it can be a surprisingly tricky subject .
a focal length is usually expressed in millimeters and you should be aware that the resulting angle of view actually depends on the size of the sensor of the camera on which the lens is used this is called the crop factor .
for this reason we often give 35mm equivalent focal lengths which is the focal length that would offer the same view on a 35mm camera the historic film slr format and allows us to make meaningful comparisons .
24mm then the lens does n't zoom and it is often called a prime lens .
18-55mm then you can use the lens at any focal in that range .
compact cameras often do n't give focal lengths but simply the range for instance 8x .
this means that the long end is 8 times longer than the wide one so the lens could for instance be a 18-144mm or a 35-280mm etc .
the aperture is a very important concept which we will talk about in much detail later on .
the aperture is an iris in the centre of the lens which can close to increasingly small sizes limiting the amount of light which gets on the sensor .
it is refered to as a f-number for instance f/2.8 .
to make things worse it is quite counter-intuitive as the smaller the number the bigger the aperture !
for now we do n't have to worry about this too much .
the important number on a lens is the maximal aperture the lower the better .
professional zoom lenses often have f/2.8 maximal apertures and cheaper consumer lenses have ranges such as f/3.5-5.6 meaning that at the wide end the maximum aperture is f/3.5 and at the long end it is f/5.6 .
aperture can be closed to tiny levels usually at least f/22 .
nowadays most lenses have an internal motor which can be piloted by the camera the autofocus .
they also have a ring to allow the photographer to focus manually .
there are plenty of options for autofocus motors as well for instance hypersonic or silent ones .
lenses are increasingly equiped with stabilisation systems called vr by nikon is by canon .
they detect small movements usually handshake and compensate for them by moving internally the optical elements in the opposite direction .
though no magic pills those systems tend to work very well and allow to take sharp images at quite slow shutter speeds .
finally lenses can have all sorts of fancy options apochromatic glass nano-coating etc designed to increase the quality of the final image .
you probably should n't worry too much about those .
finally the body is the light tight box connecting the lens to the sensor and ordering everyone around .
though some film cameras are just that black boxes most digital cameras are now small computers sporting all sorts of features often of dubious usefulness .
let 's review some of the components found in most bodies
think of it as a curtain in front of the sensor .
when you press the trigger the curtain opens exposes the sensor to light from the lens then closes again after a very precise amount of time often a tiny fraction of a second .
most shutters operate between 30 seconds and 1/4000s of a second .
that duration the shutter speed is one of the three very important exposure factors along with aperture and iso .
this video https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=cmjecchgrqo feature=youtu.be from the slow mo guys shows it in action at different speeds .
as the name suggests it measures the quantity of light and sets the exposure accordingly .
how much manual control you keep at this stage is one of the most important questions in photography .
there are different metering modes but except in very specific cases using the most advanced most automated one matrix metering on nikon cameras will provide the best results .
a focus detector used to drive the autofocus motor in the lens .
there are two competing technologies contrast detection and phase detection with at the moment an edge for the latter which explains why dslrs tend to focus faster than compact cameras .
these systems tend to vary greatly between basic and advanced bodies but it should be noted that they all need reasonable amounts of light to work properly .
back in the days of film this was just a lever to advance the roll to the next unexposed frame .
now it is a pipeline which ends up in the memory card that the camera is using .
if you are shooting jpg instead of raw more on this in another lesson there is an additional stage where the internal computer performs all sort of black magic on the image to output a ready-to-view jpg file .
it can be a multitude of things optical or electronic viewfinder lcd screen or even ground glass .
here too dslrs have an edge as an optical viewfinder allows through-the-lens viewing and immediate feedback while electronic viewfinders really a lcd screen inside a viewfinder and lcds often have limited resolution and slight updating delays .
i work in media and in particularly busy times you are expected to be flexible ie stay late to meet deadlines etc .
however i feel my manager abuses this and unnecessarily makes the team stay to complete tasks that can be completed remotely in the comfort of our own homes or the next day .
i think she quite enjoys the atmosphere working late and will order food play music and offer company cars home .
but i know for fact that the majority of the team would just prefer to go home asap .
most recently she did this on a friday night .
with no prior warning of needing to stay late and no specific plan of action to determine exactly how long we would need to stay meaning people were just twiddling thumbs at points we stayed till midnight and then expected to be back in at 12 on saturday to prep for an evening event .
a previous team member also told me that this manager did the same thing last year however the team consisted of people that also enjoyed staying late et cetera .
she does n't have much of a social life and seems to forget others do .
i 'm happy to stay late when it 's been organised and i have warning i was forced to cancel plans on the friday because i could n't give a definite answer of when we 'd be done because there was n't one .
wibta if i spoke to a senior manger regarding this and my concerns ?
one of the best modular kitchen in lucknow https www.dafmodular.com/daf-modular-kitchen is daf .
they are known for their creativity and technology to make a brand new modular kitchen dealer in lucknow .
this is started by youngsters with vast vision in mind to provide a quality design kitchen and creative wardrobes as well as wooden products on the demand of costumers .
the principle of daf modular kitchen is durability scalability and modularity .
we offer end to end interior design solutions customized up to the last inch .
you have everything that you can think of in kitchen cabinet https www.dafmodular.com/daf-modular-kitchen all under a single roof .
we emphasize comfort and aesthetics while delivering well designed fun and functional furniture solutions to you daf is best modular kitchen wholesaler in lucknow https www.dafmodular.com/daf-modular-kitchen .
i 'm heading to cape town on holiday and would love to go to a thrift shop/charity shop while i 'm there to pick up a vintage bargain .
i do n't know how do you call this bird in your country but in mine brazil we call it bem-te-vi translated to something like i see you well but i searched and the name i found was great kiskadee .
in christmas eve my dad asked me for our telescope a really old one we have here to see the nest in the electricity pole in front of our house .
so then we saw the nest with 3 little birds and we started follow there everyday life .
one day next to new year eve we went somewhere and when we arrived home i went to the telescope and see one of the little birds hanging out of the nest by one leg but we could n't help cuz it was in the electricity pole so the little bird died and we stopped seeing the birds with the telescope because we were petty sad .
3 days ago i started watching then with the telescope again and i was happy to see the 2 birds still there .
but 2 days ago i woke up and saw one bird hanging by his led just like the bird who died and i thought he was going to die too .
but than a guy from the electricity company show up and i ask him for help because he was going to work in that electricity pole and he help the little bird .
his leg is hurt and when i took him/her he/she was almost dead .
today we are going to buy decent food for the bird .
i am not going to keep it because it is illegal .
i do n't know what this terminology means but i briefly talked to a therapist on reddit and he said csa survivors develop maladaptive cognitions and it has negative effects on us until it 's treated .
he suggested seeing someone for cognitive processing therapy to correct maladaptive cognitions .
could someone give some examples of maladaptive cognitions in a csa survivor ?
mơ thấy công an đánh cướp bạn sắp nhận ra được bộ mặt thật của một số người
mơ thấy bị thương khi đánh cướp cuộc sống của bạn có thể sẽ bị sáo trộn vì những lí do không đáng có
fyi if you do n't know it already gs will not tell you if an item is in stock until you click on the product link .
i guess it 's better than the old days when you had to drive to store to find this out .
there was an article in 2016 from cmb releasing stats that says it 's gender ratio is actually 60 females and 40 males .
is that still true today or are the gender ratios a lot different compared to back then ?
i was banned in the popular game pubg arguing that i cheated and when i wrote to them that i never used cheats .
they answered me that the cheats were noticed on 01.08 at 5 am and saying that this is true information .
but unfortunately the developers i went into the game 6 days ago xd .
to this they respond with the copied text of the bots d
that 's all respect for the pubg players i do not recommend this game because if you are banned the developers will not care for you .
i have a r4 5 duped void at sig level 15 and i 've found him to be pretty useless as compared to other champs emma frost and wasp when completing uncollected eq and act 5 .
am i not using him right or is he meant for much harder in game content ?
if so what is the strategy for using him ?
in my experience his passive damage has been less than the likes of voodoo and iceman yet void is higher tier ?
i have meshify c case with stock fans and i am thinking about upgrade from 1x 120mm intake to 2x 140mm intake .
my question is when i put in front 2x be quiet !
silent wings 3 140 mm pwm can i leave stock fractal design dynamic x2 gp-12 120 mm for exhaust ?
in case i have intel core i5-9600k with be quiet !
dark rock pro 4 and gigabyte rtx 2070 aorus xtreme on z390 gaming x rev .
the thermals are not issue here as far as i remember they were good when i checked them last time but i want to have possitive airflow finally .
i am running with stock fans for 6 months now .
i am looking for a good skin source as official forum is quite empty .
i would like to get russian skins for bom bok and bos aircraft inc. collector planes .
ps you can direct me to skin packs but i usually avoid them as downloading gbs of hundreds of skins i have n't even seen seems a bit too much .
do i have to not kill every single unit like in ch 7 where i get items from the house ?
or is it better if i kill and raid every yurt i visit ?
the above appeared three days ago in resources monitor and is eating 8pc of the cpu .
when i was younger i found out about porn and always watched it on my tablet whenever my mom stepped out for groceries or whatnot .
worst part is i was good with hiding everything since i figured out how to delete my search history
hey can anyone please tell me how i can repost whatever i put on instagram on to one of the three pages i have on facebook ?
one private 2 for work how can i specify which facebook page i want to post on ?
i 've been craving something involving the girls of rainbow six siege so here we are !
the premise is that you 're a terrorist of any gender that we 've captured and because you are n't talking any other way we decide to try a new method sexual torture .
now when i say this i do n't mean any blood or gore or actual harming of your character .
although there will of course be bondage because you 'll be cuffed and spanking and maybe some whipping .
but the best asset of the girls are their cocks all longer than a foot and some nearly two .
i 'm happy to play as anyone except clash because she 's too angry but my faves are ela duh hibana dokkaebi iq ash and frost ad i do n't really have a preference with the others .
please only chose one i 'm not playing several .
kinks cumplay humiliation bondage spanking big cocks outercourse thighjob handjob titjob etc .
smaller dome than the sub facials creampies watersports and basically anything that is n't a limit !
so shoot me a message and let 's try to have some fun !
it 's my husband 's nmom and she 's got a history of batshit insane and abusive things she has done and continues to do to him and for seven years i 've more or less held my tongue and rarely intervened but always fairly politely .
last night we were coming home from errands and a car came from nowhere and t-boned us .
husband was driving and the other car hit the back driver 's side door .
somehow we got out totally unscathed but it was a very very near thing if we had been going just slightly slower or the other car had been going just slightly faster it would have slammed directly into him .
him already being disabled it would have been a big deal .
as it is he got out with some minor knee and back pain .
our car is totaled we got ticketed for the accident for some reason and we had to leave behind a lot of our personal belongings in the car when it got towed to a lot .
it being the only car we have it all adds up to really really sucking .
husband was already understandably very stressed and upset and was on and off crying .
well he decided to call his mom because she 's set up his life in such a way that he really ca n't escape her bank accounts credit cards car insurance are all through her and she rarely gives us any information on any of those accounts to start to try to extricate ourselves from her .
but he needed to let her know so that they could both start working with insurance to figure out the next steps .
phone calls with her on the best of days are an absolute test of the spirit .
she asks the same questions over and over and either does n't listen to the answers does n't care about the answers or does n't accept the answers .
as always this was the case here and i hear him having to give the same answer again and again and again .
and then he starts getting very very upset again and says smething to the effect of why are you blaming me for this ? ''
i felt my heart break and my brain snap all at the same time .
i quietly asked him for the phone and told him to go into another room which he did and i immediately hear him break into sobs on the floor .
i spent a very cathartic minute tearing her apart on the phone telling her that just for once she should care about her fucking kid that he 's traumatized and that even if the crash was our fault it was n't that this is n't the kind of shit you say to someone who just got in a fucking car crash .
she went silent for a minute and then tried to say she was n't blaming him but i told her i knew her shit and i knew she was lying and that we 'd talk to her later and hang up .
apparently she 'd started reaming him saying she thought he was going to start using a different intersection to get home the one we take is notoriously shitty to cross but other intersections mean several extra miles to drive and asking why he was n't looking .
it 's like she did n't give a shit about him at all .
i had to sit in the floor with him for 15 minutes before he was able to calm down and become functional again and then she had the gall to start texting him that she was so worried about him and felt so bad about him that she 'd been throwing up '' until he called her back later in the night .
way to turn that into another sympathy plea you piece of garbage .
i 'm stressed about the car i 'm stressed about money but the thing i keep fixating on is how absolutely fucking horrible she was to him .
he 'd been crying from stress sure but that was absolutely different than the kind of self-hating sobbing she made him do a kind of crying that he would n't have otherwise done without her being a piece of shit .
i feel so so fucking bad for him and yet i know there 's little to nothing i can do except be here for him and reassure him that she 's wrong .
sorry really just needed to get this off my chest .
i 've lost my job i 'm about to lose my apartment in a few days i 'm losing friends and i lost my girl .
now i feel as if my sanity is slipping away .
i 'm constantly exploding out of nowhere for extremely little reason and become depressed immediately afterwards only to repeat the cycle quickly or to go to sleep and wake up and have the same thing happen .
my days are getting shittier by each that passes and they seem to be passing quicker and quicker but at the same time glacially inching by .
i want it to end because at this point death seems like a better alternative than the daily emotional rollercoasters i 'm dealing with .
my fury is equal to that of a berserker and my depressions lower than the mariana trench .
i 've never felt lower and higher in all my episodes .
i 'm working on getting therapy and a psychiatrist and medication but it 's been a week or two and i still dont have an appointment date .
i feel i 'm in a downward spiral to suicide death or maybe even insanity and delirium and i cant get help fast enough .
i dont know what to do but i 'm suffering and i 'm so fucking scared because the medications i 've been on in the past have n't worked .
i 'm insanely worried that none will and i want nothing more than my stability back so i can build relationships like i used to and function at work like everyone else .
update i found out that the soonest i can get in with a therapist and psychiatrist is months away .
my mom is helping me through this and helping me make appointments and get help but she does n't know i know yet .
she just found out a few minutes ago and i overheard .
i feel another manic/psychotic break coming and i 'm trying my hardest to quell it .
i have no activities no xbox and tv is just entirely mundane to me anymore .
my few friends i have about 6 or less left are all busy with work or their own issues etc .
i 'm at my wits end and i feel like my life is coming to the end as well .
no more lies that 's the only way this relationship is going to work .
that 's what luke said to lorelai after the call from chris in s6 .
then he finds out about april and does what ?
seen this countless of times but the most recent rewatch made me furious also knowing anna nardini will enter the series ...
i 'm not even sure if recursion is the even the best solution but i think it should work for this problem .
i want to get a all elements of a nested data structure to a single data structure .
notice how there 's different types of data structures .
i want to be able to get the elements regardless of the type of data structure but excluding hashtables .
i feel i 'm really close to solving this but i just ca n't seem to debug this .
from nicotine after 6 months of the equivalent of 18 smokes a day !
so antis show me proof of the addictive nature of nicotine when not in a cigarette please !
does anyone know of the simplest way to use accented characters in pop ?
i found some links which said to change the keyboard to international en and then use dead keys but there is no international en keyboard in the options .
we have our 3rd kid on the way and will have to bump up to a new vehicle soon .
we have a mazda 5 that we have beat the dickens out of camping so we 're looking for something with more chop .
the wife wants a bench seat in the middle to attempt putting the kids 3 across and still keeping 3rd row seat down for storage .
so how do you guys make a family of 5 3 car seats and medium off road work/what do you drive and suggest ?
lexus i think the american land cruiser is the 460 ?
here is the cupshe bathing suits https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2fshein-coupon-code 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcngvaenrtq_us-p4isxnuvidaq3gya
at this page there are coupon codes promo codes and discount coupons .
also you can find daily deals sales and offers .
and i have always been top heavy as people say lol .
i used to wear vs bras size 32dd but my boobs spilled out and on the bottom it 'd poke out so i was probably a bigger size .
never got around to measuring because i was so insecure .
they have gotten somewhat smaller but theyre saggier than before .
i have no idea what size i am now but the 32dd fits me better now .
its still too big for my frame and i really want this surgery lol ... so my question is hows the recovery like ?
is there any way to avoid the vomiting from anesthesia ?
elite 1 97 overall playmaking shot creator looking for people to run with for dime time
i have already uninstalled and re installed the game .
i can play sometimes but it just sticks there .
my father passed recently and we had him cremated .
one of my favorite memories of him involves being out in nature hiking camping etc
my mother and sister decided to purchase keepsake urns to store some of his ashes .
i fondly remember breaking down firewood and whittling sticks with him so i want to undertake this project but i do n't really know the best way to approach this
i think i want to find a small log hollow it out by hand and somehow make a lid for it .
i want it to be rustic and simple like it came right from nature
any advice on the best way to accomplish this .
right now i have no tools or experience and i am looking for advice to get me started
hi just looking for a bit of harm reduction advice .
my fiancée 's coming home from a trip with a couple rolls .
i have n't had the opportunity to roll in a year and it helps a lot with my ptsd so i 'm very excited but i also just recently got put on 25mg sertraline for anxiety .
i see people saying if you 've been on it for a long time you should wait around 6 weeks but i 've only been on it for 2 taking half a pill for the first week .
considering it takes around 12 weeks to fully affect your brain and i 'm on a very low dose would i be good to roll after stopping for a week or should i wait longer ?
apparently my family tree did n't reproduce fast enough .
as a result all the people in my tree are dead except some women with no influence to marry .
when i go to the summary page of my faction the place where my byzantine emperor should be is just a blank white space .
we are an active friendly adult clan that is currently looking for some new members th10 .
we war weekly and we enter cwl we are currently in crystal league ll we are a no pressure clan that wo n't penalise you if you have a bad attack but if you mark yourself in for war then you must use your attacks .
we have several th12 's that provide siege machines and high level troops .
we also max clan games and if you participate then please do your fair share and not just 1 challenge to get the rewards .
we use discord but also chat in the game .
if we sound like your sort of clan then come and join us our clan tag is vgly8cpr just list reddit in your request to join .
rent is 500 plus utilities which come out about 600 give or take .
it 's a 2 person duplex in a safe neighborhood .
other guy has a dog so got to be cool with that .
i 'm upgrading from the stock stealth cooler that comes with the ryzen 5 3600 to a corsair h60 .
i just built my pc last night and decided to upgrade to a better cooler .
will i need to remove the thermal paste that 's already been applied by the stealth cooler on the cpu ?
or can i leave it on and mount the h60 right away ?
he generously held the ones i picked out for a few days when i was waiting on some things to fall in line .
the cards came within a couple of days of payment sent over and he threw in a couple nice extras .
i press power button to turn off my 3ds and screen turn off but leds are flashing .
will we ever see the tactical vertical foregrip and other weapons and attachments in maria 's shop outside of the raid ?
are there any custom classes that can be added to the game that appear as classes on levelup ?
what i mean is that when i level up i do n't want to go through a dialogue box and select options from a conversation tree that adds affects to my character i 'd like it to appear as a prebuilt class that the game contains for use on levelup .
i 'm not sure how much the game offers in the dev tools but i know that something like this should theoretically be possible ...
but i always kill them ☹️ the only plant i 've been able to keep for an extended duration is a lucky bamboo .
i 've had aloe vera various succulents spider plant and i 've killed them all 😭
hey guys i created r/mbtiintuitivelounge for intuitive-y conversations not necessarily about mbti and typing .
reckoning alliance is a semi-hardcore raiding guild on stormrage us with a fun and inclusive community .
we 're looking for skilled players with team-oriented mentality who show up do their job and are willing to learn .
we are an aotc guild that progresses into mythic after we have aotc completed .
our focus is not cutting edge but we do push as far as we can before the next raid tier .
we are recruiting heals dps and a dps with a viable tank os for ny'alotha .
we may be progression minded but we do n't forget how to have a good time !
we offer opportunities for both old and new players in a friendly fun and inclusive environment .
our officers and leads will help you get and stay raid-ready provided you are willing to put in the work .
we run m dungeons during the week and alt raid runs on the weekends to help gear people people who may be a bit behind .
all of our raiders are required to run at least one m+10 a week .
we have 5 organized teams that run on scheduled days to get this done .
we also have numerous players who run mythics daily on their own time so there are always groups going .
timed keys generally range from 0-15 depending on the skill of the group .
we have a number of guild members who do world pvp/bgs/arena regularly on their off time .
these people are generally proactive about grouping with other guild members who are interested in joining .
we are considering getting guild rbgs going in the future if we can get enough interested members .
there are always people willing to step up and help out folks who are working on pvp essences for raid .
reckoning strives to create a fun friendly and mature environment where you can meet and play with players you are proud to call friends .
we value lasting supportive relationships between members wherever the game may take them .
our guild hosts many social events both in and out of game including random guild meet ups in real life !
all applicants should have a good attitude towards raiding .
if you ca n't keep a positive and constructive mindset when working on progression content then we may not be the guild for you .
we require each of our raiders to be dedicated towards improving their mains both in and out of raid .
we expect all of our raiders to show up on time and prepared consistently .
if you run with us we require three hours a night two nights a week and at least one mythic+10 key weekly .
people who do n't regularly show up on time and prepared who do n't complete their mythic 10 keys or who dip out of raid early will be replaced permanently .
if you would like to raid with us but your schedule wo n't permit consistent attendance consider joining us as a bench raider .
real life happens and occasionally our core raid members have to take a day off for some reason .
we pull in bench raiders when this happens so you would still have an opportunity to see content .
world of warcraft is a team game and communication is essential when raiding .
for additional information or if you have any questions please contact me
tradeback pokemon sword this might be a bit complicated but i 'll try my best to explain it !
i need someone to help me evolve my karrablast and shelmet .
what i 'm going to do is trade you my karrablast first .
then i 'll trade you my shelmet while you trade back my karrablast that i just traded .
the final step is to trade me back the accelgor evolved form of shelmet .
i triple checked all thrusters to have thrust override off i have turned all thrusters on .
made sure batteries are loaded and turned to auto and i have made sure that the landing gear is not locked and not auto-locking .
can someone pin-point why it refuses to move in any way ?
when in cockpit and attempting to direct the vehicle it 's energy cost does not increase as if it did not register me 'requesting ' that the thrusters do their job .
tried turning on thruster overrides and they do n't do anything anyways .
ocd you must pray in a compulsive way cause maybe your prayers wont be heard and since you anxiously try to do the compulsions maybe that makes the compulsions valid .
i was thinking about this and i was worrying and i randomly started thinking like what if i heard a door in the building where i live ? ''
ocd maybe that is a sign from god that you must do the compulsions otherwise your prayers wo n't be heard
i was thinking about it some minutes later and i randomly got another thought like what if i hear now another door ? ''
people are upset about having to slightly relearn the champ so instead of saying waaa waaa i dont wan na shpend time weleawning ! ! ! ''
'cause that would indeed make them sound and look like the fools they are they try to push this very imaginative narrative of sylas ' identity being lost '' or us losing yet another unique ap bruiser '' or again riot trying to push every champ into assassins '' .
he has no sustained damage no hp damage no sustain outside of hitting enemies with w he has way too much mobility and that 's all stuff that was like this from day 1 .
that 's why he 's always been built mostly full ap .
the only brief time where people would run bruiser stuff like grasp rod of ages liandry 's iceborn gauntlet was shortly after his release when people had n't yet figured out how to build him but he 'd still work 'cause he was ungodly broken .
but ever since the conqueror build was found no one ever looked back at those atrocious builds .
ever since then the only good build on him has been protoblet luden 's zhonya 's core into whatever ap item you need normally rabadon morello with conqueror and possibly electrocute for cheese or comet against long range .
that makes him more similiar to an ap fighter or ap skirmisher think yasuo riven than a proper ap assassin but still far from an ap bruiser like mordekaiser .
mainily conqueror with elec or hob as alternative options to cheese .
off tank items like protobelt and zhonya 's not full ap like a leblanc .
sure he 'll one shot you if he 's fed but so will fed rivens or even fed camilles .
if anything he was more similiar to an assassin last patch where he had higher cds so even less sustained damage options less stacks of passive and an inescapable one shot combo .
here is the tiffany and co jewelry https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2fshein-coupon-code 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcngvaenrtq_us-p4isxnuvidaq3gya
at this page there are coupon codes promo codes and discount coupons .
also you can find daily deals sales and offers .
what 's other people 's wait time for the uk ?
prepare wtih 100 valid and updated sap c\_ts450\_1809 pdf dumps and successfully pass your c\_ts450\_1809 exam in one go .
the high competition in the it industry has made the sap certification exams difficult but the exceptionally smart candidates have managed to get maximum marks .
the exams like sap certified application associate sap s 4hana sourcing and procurement upskilling for erp experts c\_ts450\_1809 certification exam are a dream of many it professionals but only a few can pass the sap c\_ts450\_1809 exam .
if you think you are smart enough to take the c\_ts450\_1809 exam then you should take the sap c\_ts450\_1809 exam to enjoy your dream professional life .
to pass the sap certified application associate c\_ts450\_1809 exam intelligence is not enough but you also have to prepare with the help of the right preparation material .
most of the candidates could not pass the c\_ts450\_1809 exam because they did not use a proper source of preparation .
professionals who passed their sap c\_ts450\_1809 exam often recommend dumpslibrary pdf questions and answers for the preparation of the c\_ts450\_1809 exam .
dumpslibrary offers its valid exam dumps https dumpslibrary.com for the c\_ts450\_1809 exam in the pdf format .
the pdf format has a set of questions and answers of the c\_ts450\_1809 exam prepared by a team of experts and specialists .
the experts know the sap certified application associate c\_ts450\_1809 exam requirements and designed the product accordingly .
if you want to ensure your success in the c\_ts450\_1809 exam then dumpslibrary questions and answers are the best choice for you .
you can easily download the sap c\_ts450\_1809 pdf dumps for the sap certified application associate sap s 4hana sourcing and procurement upskilling for erp experts c\_ts450\_1809 exam on your pc laptop mac tablet and smartphone or you can also have a printout of the c\_ts450\_1809 preparation material .
this makes it accessible all the time for you to make the efficient use of your time .
you will get the real questions of the sap c\_ts450\_1809 exam with their accurate answers .
the questions and answers are verified by the sap experts so you can rest assured of their validity .
the questions and answers cover all the topics of the sap certified application associate sap s 4hana sourcing and procurement upskilling for erp experts c\_ts450\_1809 exam so you should learn all the questions to ensure your success .
dumpslibrary offers free updates for the sap c\_ts450\_1809 exam preparation material that is valid for three months .
you will get the updates as soon as the company announces them so that you can only prepare according to the latest syllabus of the sap certified application associate c\_ts450\_1809 exam and your time could not be wasted on the outdated material .
dumpslibrary offer a free sap c\_ts450\_1809 pdf dumps https dumpslibrary.com/sap-c_ts450_1809-pdf-dumps demo before the purchase for your understanding of the sap certified application associate c\_ts450\_1809 exam product .
the demo will show you the features of the c\_ts450\_1809 learning material and its use to give you a complete idea of the c\_ts450\_1809 pdf dumps .
watch your c\_ts450\_1809 demo before purchase and if it satisfies you then place your order .
dumpslibrary promises its clients that they will pass the sap certified application associate sap s 4hana sourcing and procurement upskilling for erp experts c\_ts450\_1809 exam in their first attempt and if they could not pass the exam they can claim a refund .
so do n't worry about your success because if you failed in the sap certification exam https dumpslibrary.com/sap then your payment will be sent back within 7 working days according to the refund policy of dumpslibrary .
dumpslibrary is offering the c\_ts450\_1809 pdf questions and answers at the discount of 20 .
order for your sap certified application associate c\_ts450\_1809 exam dumps and start your preparation now to become a certified professional soon .
use the coupon code '' save20 '' on the cart page and avail the 20 discount on your 1st order .
my boyfriend lives in mexico where it is around 90 f. he took the condoms polyisoprene because i am allergic to latex put them in his car with a bunch of other things drove to the airport to pick me up and completely forgot about/did n't consider the intense heat .
these are hard to come by in mexico and had to be ordered online .
do they visibly look different if unsafe to use ?
i do n't want to get pregnant but i also do n't want the hassle of ordering expensive condoms online again if they 're okay .
there are no teachers available physically where i live unfortunately so i need to use online sources/videos/books for learning banjo .
i have seen many different individuals making materials available online some wanting money for them and some not .
i have no problems in paying people for their hard work but i would like to know that i am spending it wisely all the same .
are there any vetted and good classes available online ?
please change the ltm more than you do now i know this game is dying and all but come on change between other ltms than foodfight sniper shootout or solid gold .
here is the kay jewelers account https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2fshein-coupon-code 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcngvaenrtq_us-p4isxnuvidaq3gya
at this page there are coupon codes promo codes and discount coupons .
also you can find daily deals sales and offers .
i 'm having a huge problem where i 'm getting some what i assume to be interference with my mic .
this is made worse by if i turn down my gain i ca n't hear the static but the mic is way too quiet .
will i help the situation by getting a cloudlifter or will that amplify the static ?
i 'll attach an example of the audio issue i 'm getting .
so i am not going to lie and say this is the only political reason pelosi held on to the articles but i get the feeling that her motivations service multiple purposes not the least of which was to help joe biden in the early primaries .
when the senate trial starts sanders warren and klobuchar will all need to be there taking time away from their campaigns at a critical juncture .
they three of the six candidates that qualified for the next debate .
with those three locked down in dc for the impeachment trial biden will likely be the primary beneficiary largely because i do n't see mayor pete or steyer cracking the democrat establishment '' to secure the nomination .
pelosi is masterful politician and a key component of the democrat establishment .
she knows that bernie and warren likely get creamed in a head-to-head match-up with trump so she is again working with the party to stack the deck against the more progressive candidates with the hopes of pushing biden the most moderate to the top of the list with early bumps in primaries .
na 18ssr 21np buster team 18ssr prot arthur umu bride modred okita altera moriarty arjuna enkidu quetz drake scheherazade davinci xuanzang waver shuten raikou chu alter jeanne bd set-story shimosa and salem not done-really good ce-330sq and 70tix may increase or decrease each day fc:857,097,208lf 190 paypal f f
na 16ssr 22np triple support 16ssr musashi bride uwu altera arthuria ishtar merlin tamamo waver king hassan cleo jtr nightiangle vlad kiara abigail bd set-triple support waver for all around tamamo for art merlin for buster story clear-good ce**fc:966,235,184lf 200 paypal f f
my only discord is robinsonnn 1582 please look up the code !
i only sale my account on reddit epicnpc and discord no other web or chat platform !
my price doesnt include any fees f f fees or mm fees so be aware of it
the only account im selling is the account that im listing .
dont ghosted on me make sure when youre pming you know what you want to ask or only if youre intrested in buying it .
please contact me through discord for fast respond robinsonnn 1582
i purchased definitive edition a couple of days ago .
the last time i played age of empires was probably around 10 years ago so i do n't remember how it originally was but i noticed recently that rams seem to not be able to attack gates .
first encountered this in the campaign but also in ranked multiplayer .
if i target a gate with rams they just stop do n't do anything .
hi everyone i recently read about a bug regarding aim assist .
in particular in the post i read it was said that the spare rations which has an aim assist of 92 if used together with the aim regulator mod and the perk of void helmets to improve aim on hand cannon takes its aim assist value over 100 reaching 102 and that for a bug this value started again from zero and therefore went to 2 .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
hell yes mgs had a co op its soo fun me and my bro play together and theres so many unlockables lots of boss fights good story and so much more .
ive played it for 200 hr no joke its that good
which is considered modern in game i should 've mentioned that
as a reminder this subreddit is for civil discussion .
debate/discuss/argue the merits of ideas do n't attack people .
personal insults shill or troll accusations hate speech any advocating or wishing death/physical harm and other rule violations can result in a permanent ban .
if you see comments in violation of our rules please report them .
for those who have questions regarding any media outlets being posted on this subreddit please click here https www.reddit.com/r/politics/wiki/whitelist to review our details as to whitelist and outlet criteria .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/politics if you have any questions or concerns .
the use of silence to show the impact and tension was good but i dunno man i may have preferred if they added you say run or jet say run into the fat instead .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
here are a few tips to minimize your risks when trading in let 's go pikachu/eevee !
most scammers place other users in private situations to avoid having their actions seen in public .
also note that for your trade to count for flair every part of the conversation should be public so that all details can be confirmed .
since another random player can coincidentally use the same trade code that you and your trading partner is using it is important that you double check that you are trading with the right person .
if you are trading shiny pokémon please make sure that your post and other users ' offers contain the full details https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/rules .
this is to provide more visibility so you know how the pokémon you are trading for was obtained .
if you see any posts that do not have the full details please report it so that the moderators can be aware of the situation .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
i seem to remember there being less honor and being able to queue as a group for av .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
you do n't have to sell a million cars to have a company worth billions if your company is propped up on investors .
he lives a lavish lifestyle lol you joking right ?
considering he got her number i 'm assuming it was a mutual experience not that he was harassing someone pretending to be dead .
get used to it in non clinical non face to face work .
you 'll constantly read notes and hear stories from patients .
my doctor ordered a sinus ct and found a brain tumor ... . usually a benign mening ...
idk why but i have never heard this serendipitous story referring to a her .
i speculate that women focus more on the patient and the team than themselves .
it is an expression which mean that you ca n't achieve something without colateral damage it was the first translation in the leaks thread made by a user .
you 're screaming about the problems of our passport getting stronger .
about us getting visa free access to 11 more countries is a negative .
you think this just because others can access more .
close to 3k upvotes and a few awards on the original comment i 'd say plenty got it lmao .
a few lost comments below it does n't mean a lot of people did n't get it lol
look up how to build a yurt theres a guide on doing so and how it can kill the heads doing so doesnt let u go into the dungeon but u get a pretty cool pet out of it .
it 's so far in the season that most people should be above 100 .
if you are not then why would you deserve the same reward as someone who grinded all season ?
the green level 4 armored rig usually comes back via insurance and gives you a substantial amount of protection .
otherwise any of the level 3 vests will usually come back via insurance too and they repair cheaply to boot .
i know but it does n't fix the problem .
i do n't want to use it as an xbox controller like i said .
any reason as to why you smoke so often ?
i 'm not judging you at all but usually people smoke for a reason .
well most people generally consume some kind of substance for a reason .
i love drinking alcohol but i moderate my drinking .
i love how it makes me feel but i 'd be lying if i said it did n't help me deal with certain life issues .
is your partner okay with your daily weed smoking ?
weed is n't as bad as cigarettes but i 'd still prefer my loved one to not smoke it too often .
i 'm just a curious person who likes to ask questions .
dedication to something you believe in is not weird .
it 's a human thing however cause we have been conditioned to think of the secular mind as a superior entity we can no longer intellectually tolerate these kind of behaviors
i 've been able to completely remove the cap with the ring still attached a few times .
always with bottles that were cheap but had seemingly nice quality caps .
never tried to get it back on the bottle in one piece though .
in the 90 's i was transitioning from an old cdtv to a ps1 .
rollcage wipeout urban chaos f1 racing magic pockets sleep walker walker silent hill ? resident evil desert strike n20 ff8 tenchu..
right but cards do n't exist in a vacuum .
crime punishment by fyodor dostoyevsky a beautiful journey into the darkness of the human soul .
oh no i agree with you they likely were n't anything other than cis .
i can think of some sort of comment someone made just one message ago that this might also apply to though ...
you 're getting all outraged like some great defender of the realm
when you have no clue how any of this works .
or see this with more clarity since i 'm not too close to it .
you really ought to do a little more research before you get this upset .
it 's tool not the only thing to work with .
or maybe he just remembers the time that this exact same tactic was used against him
that 's fucking stupid the lazy person just wo n't fucking do it .
idk i was playing the me 264 in sim and one 1800 bomb was enough
she 's inexperienced now and she 'll be inexperienced then .
i do n't see how it makes a difference .
in the uk you ca n't even get a licence until 18 .
i think it 's also far more likely for an accident to happen with someone who is n't paying attention than with someone who is but is a new driver .
will allowing her to continue driving help her become more mature ?
and in that time she is endangering other people 's lives .
ylen uutisesta uusi arviointi joka yhdeksäs suomen eliölajeista on uhanalainen – varsinkin monille lintulajeille voidaan sanoa pian heippa ''
i 've been wondering for a long time if many of the known side effects appear in people who have a genetic disposition in regards to sulfur metabolism or are allergic to sulfites etc .
i mean not to be a dick ... .but any tech in his position would have found it ... ... evident by the fact a 3 day intern could see it clearly..
it 's like calling a high school kid you just hired in your 7/11 a genius because he sold winning lottery ticket ... ... it did n't take much input from him
also it was his second run through the facility he was n't new at doing this he had done similar before and no one had seen it before because no one had looked at that data before because it was new data to be processed ... ..
man that 's what i think every time i see their names and i 'm always right
a slight overdose '' 2 or 3 pills of magnesium really gets things going .
i did n't know it was long term dangerous though .
since i 'm in argentina it 's pretty low chance that the item would arrive or the shipping would not be expensive but my wife is going to the usa in a few days and i 'll ask her to get it for me
if you get to play the mod fusion city rising you get to have deacon 's son peter as a companion .
wtf do you have to do to get banned from a waffle house
tell a waitress it should be called eggs benedict house
until you play a team with a brain that knows how to bait your 2
you 'll never be straight up given the answer to questions like that .
but there are several bits of dialog as well as books that hint and suggest certain events .
some of these are contradictory and false paths left by the developers but generally even the falsehoods sometimes have an element of truth .
the lore for this game heavily relies on speculation .
they give bread crumbs here and there but it 's up to the payers to put them together .
you will rarely find consensus between the community on exactly what did or did not happen .
and if there is consensus it 's usually a very general event .
we agree event a did happen even if we disagree on the details surrounding it .
i posted a source but i understand unless you harp on it you 're going to have to admit the ufc tried to keep badass athletes that bellator signed away on multiple occasions and that their revenue is dramatically up .
you know it was a great year for them i do n't know why you take it personally it 's healthy for the sport .
yes you ladies were very fortunate that you get henry cavill cast as geralt .
strict alternate picking would be down up down u d u d ...
economy picking incoroporates alternate picking however when changing strings you can continue the motion of the previous downstroke or upstroke .
so let 's say you play three notes on the low e then your next note is on a .
you could play d u d on the e and then continue the downstroke for the a .
sort of like a combination between sweep and alternate picking .
it looks like there 's text in this image .
i 've tried to transcribe it automatically but i 'm still learning this may be inaccurate .
at the very least hopefully it will serve as a decent starting point for your work !
please note that any formatting instructions above override whatever i provide so please format my content accordingly if you choose to use it .
go to class as a top comment is weak .
i had a class i went to every time did all the assignments and still got a d. why ?
next semester i spent at least 8-10 hours a week in the library actually studying and turned the d into an a .
moral of the story college is n't difficult it 's just time consuming .
you have to put in the work in class as well as outside of class .
if you want an easy time pick an easy major but know that job placement out of college will be more difficult .
there 's a cool vice https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=ore2kqa1hd8 video on the subject you can find it on youtube
i considered but decided against it since i have other subscriptions that cost the same and i think they give me more for my money .
if you would like to transcribe this post please respond to this comment with claiming or claim .
i will automatically mark this post as in progress so that only one person is working on a post at any given time .
please check that the post does not break the parent sub 's rules before claiming .
when you 're done please comment again with done .
your flair will be updated to reflect the number of posts you 've transcribed and the post will be marked as completed .
here 's a checklist https www.reddit.com/r/transcribersofreddit/wiki/checklist that might help you out !
note use one of these format guides by copying and pasting everything in the blue markdown box and replacing the prompts with the relevant information .
if you are using new reddit please switch your comment editor to markdown mode not fancy pants mode .
remember we want to transcribe the text exactly as seen so please do not make corrections to typos or grammatical errors .
copy emojis into your transcription by finding the proper character in emojipedia .
please report this post if it contains personal information or otherwise breaks the rules of the partner subreddit .
if you have any questions feel free to message the mods !
when you 're done please put the following footer at the bottom of your post
if you like someone enough to lay down and make a child with them regardless of protection or not because ya know .
so if you can lay down a make a baby you can raise a baby with the person you laid down and made that baby with .
and if you ca n't then you do n't deserve to have that baby .
i wish i had black wheels on my dark blue ‘12 .
also a mod invisible from the outside i 'd like is full leather coverings .
would you rather he be set free and shot for his fur within 2 days .
my goal is to make 24 new songs this year one album .
i desperately want to spend more time making music but i have a hard time doing so..
i think i 'm just afraid of spending time making bad music but i know thats a normal part of getting better .
roughly halfway through making a new song that sorta sounds like some melodic digital hardcore/sweet trip type shit d
there is nothing you can do he is old and thinks a .
you wasted his time being at that age it 's very limited .
edit i 'm on her side why am i downvoted ?
i wish there were more decent mmo mice out there .
mmos are n't as popular these days so i get why it 's an underrepresented niche but still .
it 's especially annoying when companies like razer try to charge you 3x as much for a swappable side panel to accommodate games mobas which i do n't play .
i was at hom doing math an brosin reddit wen i saw op is kil noo
the soot tar and ash are actually load-bearing at this point .
its doubly annoying that we xbox players are also forced to go cross-play for ground war resulting in us ending up in glitched games/lobbies
add the fact that its only 4 maps feels like 2 no sniper rifle limits endless vehicle spawns ...
ground war has seen the biggest loss in terms of potential for this entire cod release .
should 've made dice battlefield nervous but essentially made most of my friends go back reinstall battlefield 4 the other week .
give us separate create a class slots for this mode .
tweak the meta of vehicles especially helicopters who place people in the most random powerful positions
give us teamwork tools like apex legends ping system for squad leaders '' to communicate assignments etc .
offer more variety whether its more maps changing up current ones i.e .
make screen shots of everything and hire a lawyer .
get him for abandonment and adultery and sue for sole custody of your child .
kind of like an infant but bigger and messier .
this wat everything will be done on your turf with your support system .
what you dont do is lose any sleep over this waste of oxygen .
i mean in terms of cs which is competetive to its core it makes sense to shit talk enemy just to win the metntal part of the game .
i had almost all of these and i 'm 13 ... bruh
also i believe you meant proto '' not porto '' up there .
well i hope one day schools can come up with something that 's affective for everyone instead of fear-mongering as their sexual education .
im glad it worked for you and others though !
edit it sounded kind of snappy but i wanted to make a point that for some people it does work but for some it just does n't .
and ‘work ' is kind of a weird way to put it because the program isnt just a deterrent for teenage pregnancy but also to show how to take care of a child .
so even someone who has a child can say that the class ‘worked ' for them if that makes sense .
do n't be like the other suckers that go to school with zero job security !
i dont mind paying a little more for a private room .
i just dont want to pay 200-300 a night for the room i 'm in only to sleep .
i liked the movie a lot until the end .
the overexplanation and over the top was kinda ruined it .
i think i recommended if earlier to be added to the r/economics book list in exchange for taking off c+f and the affluent society as they are more public policy books than macroeconomics .
i 'd recommend getting f1tv it 's cheaper then sky and you can choose if you want to listen to the german or uk commentary other languages like french are also available .
if you want to watch for free it 's rtl but there are a lot of commercial breaks so it 's sometimes though to understand everything that 's happening in the race like missing pit stops especially if you also like following the midfield .
as the broadcast is really heavy on vettel ferrari mercedes and verstappen .
yta for going on about her bra and breasts and such .
particularly after she indicated that she did not want to discuss it with you and was uncomfortable .
frankly how people respond to her appearance has zero impact your life whatsoever .
she did n't ask for your opinion express concern wonder out loud about people staring at her etc .
basically you took it upon yourself to inform her of your opinion regarding what she should do and wear and your post indicates that you think this was the right way to behave and in particular about her breasts .
so yeah not surprising that it did n't go over well .
i 'd be quite surprised if she wants to spend any time with you ever again .
yeah and so great that you were more worried about the comfort of random people who might see her braless and her dad 's reputation then how you were treating your friend .
no fucking way can you conclusive say they all happily wanted you to spend the night at their place .
so when they kissed me on the head after and said 'good night ' or said 'shall i set an alarm for you ' they did n't want me there ?
but for some reason the ai wo n't do it .
the ai has trouble establishing naval superiority over more than 2-3 zones .
hell you 've seen that germany struggles with just the channel .
the only time i 've seen the ai perform successful naval invasions is when the launch point is 1-2 sea zones away and they have overwhelming naval superiority .
maybe the light reflection changed the colour to yellow from white
in the background we can see the tv camera the u.s. flag the lunar module and the lunar laser ranging retroreflector lrrr used to measure the distance from the surface of the earth to the moon using lasers . ''
jane eyre has been one of my favourites since i was about your age .
18 worked since i was 16 to be able to afford to do so .
manilennials is what it is because it 's not on mainstream tv — if they did they would have to tweak the content .
then we 'll just go on bitching how dumb it is .
besides i do n't get what 's the point of putting it on regular tv .
i know the teleseryes are not that good but no one is forcing you to watch it so why force them to watch what you deem as good ?
kung ayaw mo then just stick to your iwant bubble and other quality '' programming .
i w o r s h i p t h e t r e e
what time do you think it is in the picture ?
it also assumes a disconnect where none is present .
part of why the repubs have been so successful in their bullshit is the degree of nationwide cohesion and centralized planning .
legislation talking points strategy come from think tanks and ghouls like alec strategy is meaningfully top down in as it pertains to lawmaking and districting .
the distinction between we gerrymandered our districts to ensure republican congresspeople '' and we gerrymandered our districts to guarantee republican congresspeople using a map we were provided '' is totally meaningless .
last year there were a few posts on the s.t .
he tells me there is no such thing as a boob guy guys do n't give a shit about boobs they do n't matter .
it 's like clockwork every 2-3 weeks i wake up to him rubbing his dick on my butt he then moves my hand onto his dick and makes me stroke it .
i ca n't kiss him in the mornings because ‘my breath smells bad ' so no kissing .
he squeeze my boobs super hard i have told him it hurts and then tries to put his dick in my when i 'm not even remotely turned on .
half the time he smears lube on his dick and just tries shove it in .
he gets up showers and gets ready for the day .
completely no respect for you and is utterly selfish .
except browser tabs use one core so it 's still utterly useless compared to even an i3-7350k assuming that 's all you 're doing
i would find this hard to fully believe since the plane took off from an airport in tehran .
would n't those tracking the plane know that before they potentially shot it down ?
im not saying it wasnt shot down it just seems odd .
at the same time the likelihood of this happening without it being a missile strike seems far more improbable .
i dealt with something similar years ago when i started .
stand up for yourself a lot of older guys will complain how they were treated like shit when they were an apprentice and do it it their apprentices .
do n't take it do n't be a walking mat .
shit pisses me off i treat all of my apprentices like the adults they are and i get great results .
do n't argue do n't complain but do n't let him demean you or insult you .
idk read the thread never said anything close to racist .
there 's such a thing as a drive-thru touchless wash .
i got the game for 12 on psn a few weeks ago .
less than 30 all in was worth it to me .
looking into the distance towards the direction of seattle he lets out an audible sigh .
i need be somewhere else a specific place and soon .
i think i can get out the quarantine with my powers but i dont want to make anyone beyond ashton sick .
aslong as i stay away from people outside i cant spread the plague right ? ! ''
if this is a dank meme upvote this comment !
if this is not a dank meme downvote this comment !
if this post breaks the rules report it and downvote this comment !
income tax is applied at different rates to ordinary income net capital gain income and some other things .
this has been posted in the sub before but i do n't care because it 's fucking hilarious and i can always listen to this again .
those who say they do n't want kids always end up having a ton ''
is that why there 's so many kids in the system ?
he 's as bad as her if not worse but his illness does n't let him see straight he thinks all he does is justified with good intents whereas she did unfair '' things .
he also starts to associate her use of her wealthy as an unforgivable trait .
joe is an hypocrite and that 's the point of the show .
please follow the few simple rules we have here .
no talking about or hinting at buying/selling/creating illegal substances or places/websites/persons that facilitate this .
contributions like these can get the whole subreddit banned just like they did to other drug-related subreddits .
if you see rulebreaking content please report it right away
rule number two move your memes reaction gifs and other low quality or content not related to mdma over to the right sub .
we actively delete posts that are not related to the safe use of mdma .
this sub focuses on harm reduction and that focus determines the way we moderate here
thank you for helping us keep this sub up and running .
please note this comment is posted on all threads as a reminder and it does not mean your post has been determined to be rulebreaking .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/mdma if you have any questions or concerns .
they ca n't produce them tho because they are making all of this shit up .
they are just annoyed seeing underprivileged inner city teenagers out and about trying to make a hustle
if tb does n't want him starting who will ?
that was a throw in to my comment anyway .
i would like the pats to sign a competent qb to step in if brady leaves and light a fire under his ass if he stays .
plenty of teams we will see but he 's getting 15-20 a year .
sanu did n't seem to click in our offense and is due 6-7m this year .
we gave up a second rounder in part because of his contract this year .
100 zero chance we cut him outside of a really bad injury .
he was n't even in the system long enough to make an evaluation .
brady contract is essentially a 1 year deal likely worth 27m but possibly up to 42m .
i 'm only including new money if we were to sign him .
the only new money towards the cap would be 1m salary 4m bonus 4m incentive for games played .
the other incentives are considered not likely to be earned under salary cap language and could be pushed off for another season .
the cash he receives next year would be 1m salary 12m bonus 4m games played 5m 25 tds 5m 90 passer rating 27m .
he could also add another 10m in incentives if he had a great year and 5m if he wins sb mvp .
this would maximize the cap room available to build a better team around brady next year and the expense of having a tank year with less cap space after brady leaves .
you are offering him a 12 million dollar signing bonus and 3 million in salary .
that 's one of the worst contracts i have ever seen for a starting qb .
oh okay so its not an fps thing at least so far ill still try today and see i get 144 fps so i was going to scale it down to console levels because of the vid .
i have a theory that they just make their tweaks on server updates that we cant see but if thats the case ill tell you what happens on my test
yeea no one lykes nasskar so ill geet in easy
i do n't meant that insensitively this is bizarre behavior
deals must be of either significant discount or difficult to find . ''
imagine working for deloitte and having to move from bentall to the shittiest part of granville street .
i had a client ask me to create a simple cost estimation tool that calculated the individual fees for a service .
i gave them a timeline of like 10 days or something like that .
then they said can you then create an invoice out of it '' and i replied that it would take 30 days .
they were extremely confused and i had to explain to them that they were an international company and generating invoices would require everything from applying individual tax codes based on the invoicing country to completely changing the layout and information included on each invoice based on the legal requirements of the country .
i said or you could just plug the numbers from the estimate into your invoicing software that you just spent a million dollars on and have it do it for you .
let her know by commenting upvoting and following her !
freezing rain/ice is the worst and the most dangerous .
because that would piss people off plus it does n't look good to say oh shit this part is off let 's remove it from the queast hundreds have played already because it has been fully released and branded as complete . ''
ill adjust prices and yeah it was issued to me for a couple years through a couple deployments and i nabbed it when it was being replaced
i wonder if they were working as waitresses or bartenders .
just a long shot but unless i see castro or aoc calling for it i have to consider its in the realm of possibility .
my cat does n't like playing with toys but this one seems to entertain her .
petmate jackson galaxy butterfly in a ball cat toy https www.amazon.com/dp/b072mrf868/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_i_u3lgebv9z8b9z
the king is a good size about 7.5x21.5 the usual size of a large whetstone .
shapton pro is also good 1000 grit is sufficient and glass .
you should create a template in ableton here you can put midi tracks and audio tracks with one track for drums another for bass another for synths another for leads create the returns with your favorite audio effects eqs reverbs delays .
so when you create a new project you have already the tracks you need to start .
then you should plan your beat making process for example i always start with a piano or keys .
i create few scenes in order from intro all way to the outro all this in the session mode then i record every scene into de arrangement mode and there i just go for the breaks effects rolls etc .
iphone https twitter.com/hashtag/iphone ? src=hashtag_click sales jump 18 in china in december time to moon aapl
i usually do n't go to other teams ' reddit pages but i saw this post this morning .
hopefully our fans are n't out there trolling people in phoenix .
god i do n't know why but lsu in anything other than white jersey 's is so disconcerting to me
add to this the ballots are paper they can be stored and recounted if necessary .
the only machine part of the process is in using the old tried-and-true ocr to tabulate each ballot no hackable voting machines involved .
vote by mail was passed on oregon in spite of vehement gop opposition .
just the old flip around upside down with a thin rope maneuver .
you post has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions do n't hesitate to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/thalassophobia .
you stated even if he was just peeking you have to realise that it is not appropriate behaviour in public '' .
peeking at people of the same or opposite gender is entirely appropriate behaviour in every society excepting saudi arabia and few other religiously conservative societies .
it is nothing more than briefly glancing at others .
who actually believes that briefly looking at other people is some sort of sin ?
i honestly hope that the people who upvoted your comment actually read it and realise the draconian notions they are agreeing with .
during the rma process there was a questionnaire that even asked if i was using sli which i said yes to .
so i just said i was happy with a better card but it will break my setup and they should have been aware of that .
it 's image club 's paisley two https www.myfonts.com/fonts/imageclub/paisley/two but the letters ' swirls have been changed .
i think it 's like catchup in grand theft auto online races where it makes first place slow down to make up for the fact that second place sucks
i play in the 5.4 6.2 range fluctuating during season .
but when i 'm crying or visibly upset my chest and neck get all blotchy too .
the way you did your hair in the upper left looks very good on you !
girl is a twin and then the boy mixed them up and ended up fucking the grandma
i assume it was all annexed before the 303 was built during the 80-90s when all the cities were annexing like crazy .
first seen here https redd.it/ef4kh3 on 2019-12-24 100.0 match .
visit r/repostsleuthbot i 'm not perfect but you can help .
report false positive https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20positive message post '' https redd.it/emu9p8 '' meme_template '' null
you have no battery bro how are you gon na play on your phone
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search ? q=title 3adallas 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on rss feed for notifications .
https reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/search.rss ? q=title 3adallas 28+subreddit 3arandomactsofblowjob+or+subreddit 3arandomactsofmuffdive 29 sort=new t=all include_over_18=on
read this https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofblowjob/comments/a12zza/metapsa_one_does_not_simply_ban_trolls 1 https www.reddit.com/r/randomactsofmuffdive/about/sticky ? num=1 and this !
starting here https reddit.com/ei2fs9 m4f in dallas to see how long op 's been at it and what responses they 've had and any warning signs like changing stories etc !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/randomactsofmuffdive if you have any questions or concerns .
if you or someone you know is contemplating suicide please do not hesitate to talk to someone .
congrats and welcome to the master race 😁 your gon na love it man
bc my old frame broke soooo easy and switching to v3 turned it into an absolute tank .
like i 've smacked into pavement full speed seen almost no damage .
worrying about the frame does n't even cross my mind anymore
but the one squad wipe clip is getting more attention and people are reacting positively .
this clip i 'm seeing people call out the fact that it 's smurfing and not giving it enough credit even though the clip on the front page is also due to sbmm in which case should n't deserve more attention than this .
i guess people do n't want to see better mechanical players but love when they see a spray down missing full clips but still getting the squad wipe
once that happens i will likely be shifting to injection moulding .
the reason i do n't immediately jump into injection is the cost .
i do n't currently have the volume for their‘minimum runs ' .
also i would most likely get the injection moulding done overseas .
so paying shipping and duty is not in budget yet .
oh not mention the cost of the mould itself .
if your kid has a good head on his/her shoulders s/he would be safe adventuring out on his/her own .
if s/he does n't want to hang around you all the time i would set up frequent meet up times/places just to check on him/her since you can not rely on cell service .
if your kids a little wild then i 'd keep a bit closer eye on him/her since there is a lot of opportunities to make bad decisions .
also regular parent things like sun screen water and other stuff that parents do .
my point is that it is not the responsibility of leave voters to justify what they said .
you said you had n't heard a good reason for brexit now you have .
ok i 'll start practicing with the taping method !
looks like it 's mixed on whether or not you should poke holes but i will just to be on the safe side .
just have to remove contaminated soil down to about a thousand feet
it had been a wild night and he groaned as he sat up to assess his surroundings .
after an evening of drinking he and dennis had made their way to the prageru secret gay sex room .
tried to remember the exact details of that wild night .
come on ben we should head to the secret gay sex room said dennis .
ben frowned i want to have gay sex denny he stated but you know i do n't enjoy cbt dennis whined but you know i
want to have a gay cbt party benny boy .
ben gave in if you let me pound you hot sweet ass tomorrow i 'll do the gay
dennis and ben preformed the prageru cock-shake and went into the gay sex room .
the first machine ben was strapped into was the wendy 's frosty machine .
start button bens balls began to gently spin in the cold unforgiving frosty mixture .
at first ben was in excruciating pain but as his balls began to get frostbite he noticed more and more
oh god yes moaned ben after 5 minutes in the frosty machine .
then ben could n't hold it in any longer .
his shriveled balls pushing out every droplet of conservative sperm .
as the cum flowed out of his dick it froze solid the ice crystals in the cum spreading down his
the icy cum ball kept getting bigger inside his frozen urethra as ben howled in
eventually his balls receded into his crotch and there was no more
bens mind was broken from the pleasure his dick stretched
to 16 inches in diameter from the frozen cum stuck inside him .
ben realized that was only one machine of many and he would have to think long and hard to recall them all .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/copypasta if you have any questions or concerns .
in denmark we just call it the health service because it 's the default way to get care .
not sure there 's a way to do that on reddit but it 's changed on the site .
but then i noticed you did n't say favorite superman artist '' but favorite comic book artist '' so ... has he done any superman ?
i have heard good things about all-new ghost rider though .
i started when i was 15 and though it was n't a daily thing at first at some point in the last decade it became that way .
the haze lifting has made my life so much easier at work .
the dreams are like having a second life while you 're asleep .
keep it up as long as you feel you need to .
i went cold turkey because my several attempts to taper off had failed up to this point .
first game i ever remember playing was mario kart 64 back in 2002 when i was about 3 .
ever since then i almost have to buy the latest nintendo console/loz/mario game .
yeah they 've kinda fallen off the past few years or so but i always remind myself of how much fun i used to have on my 64 and that they were a very big part of my childhood .
gg man i heard that nowadays people 's average is around 4k or 6k even though that 's lame so 19k is a great goal !
and fuck oh man wets get wight into it .
so i was pwaying some fucking wainbow six seige .
and then i see this hot ass opewatew yknow ?
and yknow i just kinda puww out my dick .
i stawt stwoking up and down aww sides yknow .
my sistew step sistew btw just fucking yknow wawked on in me .
and yknow my sistew step sistew btw big paiw of of tits .
and yknow my cock kinda got soft befowe cause yknow is topped stwoking .
but yknow my cock got hawd again and no cap deadass my sistew step sistew btw made me the hawdest ive evew been yknow ?
my dick is 8 inches fwacid btw and yknow yeah .
and yknow shit my sistew step sistew btw she was fucking moaning .
and then yknow i just shove it in yknow wike no cap .
yknow im fucking thwusting and shit and yknow yeah .
and then i just heaw a fuckign yknow a fucking fawt .
but yknow it aint no fucking just simpwe toot ow anything .
just fucking bwoody diawheaa and some shit.fucking the shit was wiquified too .
and then whats even wowse is yknow my fucking mom wawks in .
but yknow wowse pawt is im covewed in shit .
and now yknow my sistews thewe too step sistew btw stiww fucking thwusting .
and yknow my mothew yknow she gets out the bewt and fuck .
and then yknow she fucking spat on my dick too .
bloody hell someone make an insect girl manga already please .
and secret pizza at 1:00am is to die for .
the casino is fabulous slots are n't too tight and tables are fun .
they were talking about the cardinals right when my dad called so i could n't listen .
they were talking about arenado i did hear the portion where they complimented the cards on the tb deal .
the mistake you 're making is assuming that china is asking people if they want to give up their organs
once again showing trump supporting trash has disdain for the laws of this country and our constitution .
you never said thank you for those 'welcome to the neighborhood brownies ' steve .
last time i bought a huge chuck roast and made a week 's worth of chili .
i 'm a higher rate taxpayer 40 on paye .
each month i get about £5 £10 for a post i wrote on medium.com as part of their partner programme so around £60 £120 a year
i also have a website that i sometimes receive about £60 a year in ads income .
so lets say in total i get around £150-£200 a year as a trivial side income .
do i need to fill in a self assessment about this ?
hey guys i 've been off the game for a good year or so now but my partner bought me elsweyr today and i 've got the eso bug again !
the last time i played stamsorc 's bound armaments had just been hit with a nerf i think ?
i 'm unsure how it works now it used to be up permanently but now it has a time limit ?
is stamsorc still as good as it was prior to summerset ?
i 've always loved playing it because it feels more unique than the other classes i 've tried .
i love the survivability and admittedly as a fairly average below average player it stood out for me .
i 'm just looking for a bit of advice if i should pick my stamsorc back up to continue through elsweyr or invest my time in a different class ?
i 'm more inclined to stamina classes and i crutch on survivability and aoe .
i 've been recently diagnosed with wernicke syndrome and i feel like the doctors have not been treating it properly .
they instructed only oral doses of b1 almost all information i can find states that initial treatment should be iv in heavy doses for the first week .
recently an er visit did prescribe 100mg injections for 5 days .
is this normal and will help prevent further progress ?
should i be worried and seek out further help ?
currently my main symptom is cognitive issues with focus and concentration .
that it 's better to go to new york than in the winter .
i would use the ace attorney case maker engine which already allows for basically capcom level ace attorney games in the style of the ds entries.. as a basis then i would add detective conan sprites from the detective conan/kindaichi 's case files game or commission some art and try to rip sound effects from the anime to create a full fledged 5 case ace attorney game .
anyone else feel like these lyrics could 've easily been bladee
something is wrong with either my motherboard or my ram slots .
only one ram part works it is one of the ddr3 4gb parts and it only works in one slot .
the ddr3 8gb hyperx ram is new and not used still does not work .
for a time none of the slots worked when i tried installing the new ram .
list anything you 've done in attempt to diagnose or fix the problem .
i have tried all slots with every single ram that i have and only one slot works with one ram the 4gb ddr3 .
none of the other ram parts the pc does not recognize them at all .
i have tried the rams together tried them one by one on every single ram slot nothing turns up on the screen except for the one ram part that works on one slot .
inactive players already left league so just stayed active players .
if you have a time to play daily 2 quarters in the league and you are active player then you
i received this watch about a week ago and i 'm loving it so much wanted to share it .
it really lighted up my long rainy commute to work this morning .
powered by a hamilton caliber h-10 automatic movement with an 80-hour power reserve .
got it from jomashop at 440 with shipping taxes .
i was looking for a brown-band not so formal dress swiss automatic for the work week .
i wanted a pair for my hamilton khaki field with black leather band may post it another day .
highly debated between buying this and the tissot visodate automatic and i 'm so happy i went with the jazzmaster .
i picked the jazzmaster as i thought it 'll have a bit more playfulness and less formality than the visodate .
light plays beautifully with the silver guilloche dial and the silver polished hands and index hour markers .
the unusual case design is also very attractive and well-built .
case is a little bit on the big tall side but the watch wears very comfortably on my 7 something inch wrist .
also i 'm very impressed with hamilton as a high-quality brand at the swiss-made entry level price range .
the jazzmaster in particular comes in several different designs and color variations so i do n't see how anyone could find one not fitting their watch collection if interested .
i know that depending on the region the first cabs were fitted to formerly cabless locomotives between the 1840s in the us and the 1860s the uk and continental europe but is it actually known which was the first for any given country ?
counting full cabs and wind shields just so i can get a general idea of how they developed over the second half of the 19th century .
i am so stoned and playing some greedfall ... . good day off thus far .
so i had previously tried the keto diet and i just could not get into the groove of it .
i started cico only two weeks ago however i feel as though i can keep with this diet .
on keto i would not go over 20 grams of carbohydrates .
on cico i am going by 1,350 calories which would make about a 1,000 calorie deficit .
i always plan my meals for the next week and have noticed an ongoing trend .
my main focus is to hit my calorie intake goal however i am noticing i will also look at the total net carbs .
so my question would be if i should really care about what the net carbs are .
will it hurt my progress if i hit my calorie goal but go over 50 grams of carbs ?
i just realized from a comment on one of my previous posts that i 've only been a stepparent for 4 years and i still have 13 years to go .
just wondering what others have experienced in the long term .
does anyone know if having excision surgery reduces the risk of developing cysts later on ?
had intense urges today almost asked for nudes from a girl .
this is a video game in 2020 you know characters usually have ...
he 's one of the most spastic characters it feels so disgusting to play against him .
i 've read opinions of other people feeling just like me .
he 's literally my worst matchup no matter my pick .
because again i do not fully comprehend what the fuck is up with him .
i hate him so much that i hate him even more than ness and trust me i hate that annoying fucker .
many of you will probably not feel this way but i had to get this off my chest .
every pivotal scene in the show is paralleled between aang and zuko .
the biggest example is of course the episode the avatar and the firelord .
but journey of the series through honour redemption and balance always shows two sides zuko and aang .
the first episode of book 3 starts with aang saying he needs to gain his honour back and the scene changes from one half of his face to zuko 's burnt half .
in book 2 aang 's hope for trying to bring on the avatar state with the earth kingdom general is mimicked with zuko 's hope that his father finally wants him back home .
i noticed several other moments while rewatching the show i wish i 'd noted them down
and of course atla ends with firelord zuko and avatar aang side by side ready to rebuild the world .
i 'd say this magically started happening about 6-9 months ago on both my desktop and laptop both windows machines right around the same time .
it mostly happens when i 'm downloading larger files directly from a site or torrenting though it 's definitely happened occasionally while just browsing .
i theorize that it may be a speed issue that 's triggering something though i doubt i 'm being throttled by my isp in nyc because it does n't happen consistently .
i do n't have any computers hard wired to the router so i have n't checked that yet however i 've noticed no issues with my atv that is hard wired .
if it crashes on one computer the other devices still work and the router is still lit up so its happening independently on devices .
i ca n't figure out if it 's something with windows or possibly my anti-virus ?
i 'm too afraid to start browsing or torrenting with my anti-virus turned off though .
i 've disabled windows defender and that did n't work .
so i 've finally decided to decorate my room and was thinking about putting up some posters .
i really enjoy the kenshi vibe so i 'm wondering if anyone knows where i can get kenshi or similar vibes posters/canvas that i can hang up .
i have been together with my boyfriend for over 10 years .
some time ago i lost my job and after a year of looking i finally landed a job in the capital .
he was suppose to follow me but than a lot of things happened/changed in our lives long distance is hard .
to save the relationship finally i said i was prepared to look for a job in the smaller town he is in and move back .
a short time after that i went through and still am going through an excruciating traumatic loss of my brother i was suicidal having very high anxiety guilt regret ptsd depression etc .
i have n't been able to work for almost 2 years .
so during most of that time i was at his place in his town .
i kept coming back for a week or so every month to my place in the capital to meet with doctors go to a clinic and help my ill sister .
now i am supposed to start working again part time and then gradually increase it .
thing is my work has been very understanding and patient with me needing a sick leave and prepared to accept me starting working slowly only part time and been supportive .
i tried to explain to my boyfriend that i need to start at my old job cause they are understanding moving to his town would mean i have to apply for new jobs at new places who have no reason to be so understanding and they will not be willing to accept part time in my field the norm is full time almost impossible to find anything else i would also be expected to prove why i am better than other applicants and be curious and energetic at the first 6-12 months in order for them to keep and give me a permanent contract .
i am no where near the level of confidence and well being and energy mentally to be able to do that i really ca n't even bare the thought about writing cv and letter .
even practically any new company would find out i have been on sick leave no way to hide that and they most probably wo n't hire me untill i have proven i have been working again for quite some time .
even my doctors and therapist said that they believe i am no where near ready to work full time and its better if i have returned to my old work and when i have worked there full time for at least 6 months i could think about a new challenge .
also it would be much harder for me to find a job in the smaller town he lives in but much easier for him to find a job in the capital where my current job is .
also with his background it 's just generally much easier for him to find a job than me .
another thing is while he does have friends in his town but i kind of really need my friends in the capital much more cause they have and still are being a support for me that has been important with all my anxiety .
and moving to his place would mean i would loose contact with my therapist that have been with me during the hardest and knows so much i ca n't imagine starting all over with a new therapist and i get even more anxious than i already i am just thinking about that .
but he gets mad every time i mention all that .
he tells me in no uncertain terms that he is not willing to move that i had promised i would move and that his job is better than mine cause he is working in an international company while i am not and his salary is 20-25 higher than mine .
i tell him there are plenty of international companies in the capital and the salary would most probably be higher there as i know my friends less experienced than him gaining significantly higher than him but he does n't want to listen .
he says he is comfortable where he is with current job and is planning his career at his current company .
in addition to all that i really feel depressed in his town i have lived there before and did n't have any happy memories i always feel out of place there .
to make things worse i am in the end of my 30s and really want a family he does too .
but i just do n't know how i am going to do it and i feel like time is running out for me already and i do n't know what to do .
please help i would really appreciate to read your opinion/thoughts i am goig crazy
here is the nascar all star race 2020 concert https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2fstubhub-coupon-code 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcngozv9hys17e5iwoavo2xkjgluk_g
at this page there are coupon codes promo codes and discount coupons .
also you can find daily deals sales and offers .
about stubhub stubhub is a san francisco-based ticket exchange and resale company .
it provides services for buyers and sellers of tickets for sports concerts theater and other live entertainment events .
they are similar to pawn brokers for sporting events .
this is in nc incase laws vary by state .
i currently have homeowners and auto with the same company and i 'd like to see what else is out there and if i can save any money .
how can i know that a broker or independent agent is reputable ?
also how can i know this for the companies they direct me to ?
personally i would be fucked if the alcohol prohibition restarted hypothetical .
i have no stock i ca n't make shit i know no bootleggers .
would you guys be able to still love the luxury life of being a ca ?
her superficial and condescending dialog is very entertaining to watch .
honestly feel like if juliette were to ever leave this show i 'd vote cara to be the new narrator
anyone else get this update and have it break carrier services .
my phone will not connect to cellular even after restarts and replacing sim
hello in student rentals do students normally pay for the electricity and heating or is it included in the rates ?
i have asd and my anxiety flares up working in an office from people coughing talking loudly etc .
are there any noise-cancelling headphones you would recommend to block out these types of sounds ?
the type of headphone does n't really matter to much .
thank you all for your suggestions on my last post .
my skink has n't come out for almost two weeks and has n't been drinking water .
i 'm worried she might die if she does n't come out .
how do i get my skink/lizard to drink water ?
like i said she has n't drank any water for almost two weeks .
is there a way to get her to come out ?
i have n't seen her come out in all the time i 've had her .
i will admit i have lifted the den slightly to make sure she was still alive .
i 'm aware she needs time to acclimate but it 's almost been two weeks and now i 'm getting worried .
hey guys was hoping to get some advice from y'all .
this is my first time djing a fundraiser event so not sure what to play here .
first part of the night is people coming in passed hors d'oerves get drinks at bar etc ... second part is dance music .
i 'm fine with music for the second part but any suggestions on the first part of the night ?
long story short i moved across country a couple months ago and left my 3 year old boxer with my dad while i get setup in my new place .
i 'm getting ready to fly out there and drive my car back with her but unfortunately my car is a 2006 gto and it 's a 1600 mile trip which is 24 hours without stops .
i 've never done anything like this and my biggest concern is her comfort .
i 've already removed the passenger seat and i 'm gon na put a big bed for her to lay down .
i 'm still gon na tether her harness to the belt but at least she can stretch her legs .
we will be stopping at pet friendly hotels and i 'll try to give her park time to get her tired .
i 'm looking for any other advice from anyone who has done anything like this so i can add as little stress for my baby as possible .
idk i guess we should n't riot yet till we hear his did of the story .
besides whenever i watched the videos of dan irl he always seemed so exhausted .
stephen did n't see it as a job and more of a hobby .
he still says he does n't see it as a job and it 's quite clear daniel does .
and that 's not a bad thing because it is his job .
there are many things we ca n't take dans side for e.g underpaid workers words he ca n't take back the fact he 's not replying not sharing the numbers
sure he could make more personalities and that brings in more views
but in terms of physical work that only helped a bit and also dan saying how much he has to edit out of the videos because of stephen actually does the opposite of helping
the amount of time stephens brought up being a friend it 's shocking to realise that he does n't do so either .
him and dan are n't really friends to each other .
in my opinion if stephen took on more of daniels work and daniel acknowledged him more than an employee
we all know the damage to the channel has been done and there is probably no saving it ... but at least they would be real friends again .
and there wo n't be any fans trying to pick sides
dan may actually be able to pay his workers a lot more .
it 's probably more complicated then that and it 's probably never gon na happen it 's just ...
i 'm having trouble wrapping my head around the vertical and horizontal stretch of certain graphs since they seem to do the same thing .
horizontal stretch is defined as f cx while vertical stretches are c • f x and none of them actually do anything with the x-value .
so is it like perspective or just a standard label we use to differentiate the placement of a multiplier to a function ?
no longer even a footnote in global politics and its time of of being a world power is long gone laying dead in the 16th century .
he knows the potential of the small patch of land in europe .
he knows how its people can be mobilized for something greater .
he knows portugal will never be a world police force but he knows that through several ways its people can live a better live .
that man is paulo portas the portuguese prime minister .
and he will now do everything in his power so that his nation regains its former prestige glory and honour .
he knows that the portuguese military is not in a shape of enforcing hard power through the world but its secret services with its long history can .
he rights something in a couple of papers and when the normal meeting between prime-minister and head of the intelligence service occurs he hands the paper to him .
after reading and interpretation burn the paper and dump the ashes in the sea .
your orders are to create a small force of loyal spies portuguese or not with the tasks of influencing elections establishing coups and enforcing portuguese interests abroads .
you will have no budget and no association with my government .
proceed in such a way no intel can lead any of the men or the operations to the sirp or portuguese government .
obtain your budget through whatever ways possible legal or not .
a briefcase with a million euros in cash will be handed to redacted at redacted .
the forces orders will come to you at every of our meetings
the sirp choses some of its brightest incorruptible smartest patriotic spies and operatives 20 at max to join the force .
the operatives are also chosen for their lack of love or regard for material possessions and so they do not yearn for high pay .
they are headquartered in a small building outside lisbon in santarém .
description i won this guy a few weeks ago and its just not for me .
i opened the packaged flipped it a few times and put it away until pictures for this raffle .
the detent is a little soft for my liking but if push buttoned it fires hard every time .
the cts-xhp blade is spotless and the centering is spot on .
the blue cf show scale is gorgeous but there is a small knick near the pivot that is hardly noticeable .
the lock scale has a few snail trails but the finish hides it well .
the detent is just a bit soft but unless you try to deploy the blade upright you wo n't have any issues .
the blade will shake closed once you overcome the detent ball .
mxg deep carry clip is installed and seriously makes this carry perfect . ''
please send payments as f f with no notes .
please respond to the automated pm with your information to verify payment .
please note if you call a number that is taken a random number will be given in its place unless specified otherwise .
canuck buyers pay the difference and assumes liability at the border .
this slot list is created and updated by the edc raffle tool https edc-raffle-tool.firebaseapp.com by boyandhisblob .
here is the uni men 's basketball tickets https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2fstubhub-coupon-code 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcngozv9hys17e5iwoavo2xkjgluk_g
at this page there are coupon codes promo codes and discount coupons .
also you can find daily deals sales and offers .
about stubhub stubhub is a san francisco-based ticket exchange and resale company .
it provides services for buyers and sellers of tickets for sports concerts theater and other live entertainment events .
they are similar to pawn brokers for sporting events .
planning and building control from my local council have sent me a letter saying stating that in response to
'complaint without planning permission the change of use of the property into a c4 hmo ' and that it will be necessary for me to visit the property as part of an investigation into a possible breach of planning control '' .
so i called up the listed council representative who agreed that the licence had been granted but that that 'was a separate department ' and he needed to 'verify what i had told him was true ' and asked 'if there 's nothing wrong why ca n't we visit ? '
do i have to let them visit the property ?
the complaint is explicitly that the house is is n't an hmo but it proveably is .
my tenants are understandbly worried about the barrage of threatening letters they 're receiving .
i am making an indie movie and i am looking for a way to buy a license or a way to use it for my movie .
i 've sent an email to boys noize directly a week ago t he y did not respond yet .
it is a small indie project of mine a short movie that i am going to post only on vimeo or youtube without ads enabled so no money making involved .
do i even have to license it in this case when i will not be selling the movie ?
love this watch especially the potential it has with future software updates but i 've found an issue that 's made notifications kind of a pain .
the watch does not seem to follow android 's do not disturb schedule .
at night i have to go into the watch and manually set it before i go to sleep or else my email notifications will wake me up .
while not a huge annoyance it seems like something that could be easily fixed either through the fossil software or a tasker script .
do y'all guys think jin woo as of now destroy all might with his shadow powers and system powers ?
hung fit experienced bwc in the long beach area today looking for a fun couple who loves to share their wife/gf .
i am six foot 180 9 inches clean and fit .
i can get a room or come to you .
i am an american living in dubai and i live in a high rise .
i have a balcony that i 've hung the antenna off of but it just seems to bring more interference .
once the mortgage is paid off and you have your 401k etc .
built up and the burnout is real where do we go ?
it 's gon na be difficult to sit in one place all day .
hello i am working on my own simple game engine .
i would like to make simple gui and now i am trying to implement some kind of window for scene like in godot or unity .
i tried to render whole scene to to texture and then i put texture on quad .
but my texture looks nothing like the real scene .
the whole scene is smaller and quality is a lot worse .
i tried to change camera perspective so it fits size of quad .
i did not yet done anti aliasing but i know it is part of the problem .
what i would like to know if there is something else i am missing or doing wrong .
in the guidance section of the training the slides wo n't let me progress from around slide 17 onward no matter which browser i use .
does anyone know how to get past this lovely roadblock ?
przy kupnie za 89 złotych dostałem mcafee nie chcę wnikać w to czy to dobry czy zły antywirus i czy w ogóle takie oprogramowanie jest potrzebne .
dziś dostałem informację że z konta pobrało mi 220 złotych w związku z odnowieniem subskrypcji która zostanie aktywowana 19 lutego .
czy jest jakaś możliwość żeby tę subskrypcję anulować skoro nie zacząłem z niej korzystać i uzyskać zwrot kasy ?
czy zostałem ofiarą własnej nieuwagi i jedyne co mogę zrobić to uniknąć podobnej sytuacji w przyszłym roku ?
lover of charleston antiques white cabinets then kitchencabinetryprofessionals.com is the place to be to select your charleston antiques white types .
get your dream home kitchen cabinets done at low price guarantee with ready-to-assemble rta cabinets which is constructed using high quality materials .
hello i 've done if paired with keto and found success .
i 'd like to move away from keto while still monitoring my sugar/carb intake .
so my question is ... during if how did you find success did you eat whatever you wanted and still be successful did you stay under a certain calorie intake to find success etc
hey guys just a question for those who have moved to the us from a foreign country
is having 2 or more years of experience essential ?
i can see on the cgfns website that it is a requirement however just want go clarify if that really is the case .
my cousin who moved to usa says that nurses with 1 or less have been hired before .
is it worth applying even though i only have just over 1 year nursing experience ?
i have n't received my pinebook pro yet but it should be here monday .
can anyone point me toward a resource for installing doom or any advice ?
so i am currently using the great jagras hbg for a spread build to do the story the spread 2 ammo has a normal recoil+1 if i use a recoil mod does it change this ammo at all ?
i was raped by a close friend '' on april 29th 2019 .
however for several months after i simply blamed myself for the torturous incident because blaming myself was somehow easier than accepting that i was raped .
anyway it took me such a long time to finally admit that i was raped and it 's still taking me a long time to actually blame the guy who did that to me ?
i think maybe i 'm finally ready to consider maybe reporting him mostly bc i found out he 's done this to 2 other girls before me both of whom i know personally but i 'm pretty discouraged by the fact that its been so long since it happened that i technically have no physical proof of the event .
also i 've been with my boyfriend since 2014 and at the time this event occurred i didnt want to tell my bf so i deleted any texts or calls between that guy and me and blocked him on every social media .
so theres also no virtual evidence either that we even ever knew each other .
am i out of luck as far as reporting this guy or like pressing charges ?
i mean at the time he came inside me twice thankfully i was on the pill so i didnt get pregnant and gave me the most painful uti i 've ever fucking had but that was so long ago theres no way to prove it ...
ok so a day ago my one plus 6 had a purple spot on the top right corner of the screen i assume some dead pixels but now as of today almost half my screen is purple making it impossible to use it .
has anybody else faced or is facing this problem ?
and anything i can do to fix this please let me know .
i am sorry if i ever made you angry .
please understand the effort i put forth before getting mad at me i 'm studying biology every day and on my best behavior every class .
i do n't know what i 've done to get on your bad side .
i 've taken the blame and taken responsibility for my actions without retaliation and am learning from my mistakes .
i only ask that you be kind to all of your students including me .
i do n't know what i 've done to get on your bad side .
i 've tried to take the blame and to take responsibility for my actions without retaliation .
i greet you at the start of class and thank you at the end i 'm trying to be kind and i ask that you please do the same for me .
i do n't understand why you always walk over and single me out when our entire class is acting up or why you accused our group of unequal distribution of work on our lab report or when you yell at me for not putting away my notes fast enough .
please do not get mad at me when i ask you for help or when i raise my hand when you address the class does anyone still need the ?
if someone in our period is leaking test answers and it is not me .
please pull me aside before or after class if we need to speak about matters privately .
i earned every grade i received every passing one and every failing one .
there are students in your class who cheat and i am not one of them .
i am sorry for asking you to be our club advisor and wasting your time when i did n't send you what you needed in time .
i am sorry for emailing you during the hurricane and applying to help after school .
i do n't know if you think i 've lied or if i 'm not capable of doing what i said i had done if you insist i can send photos references results .
i do n't know if you hate my writing style or if you hate the way i look act or talk .
i do n't know if someone was jealous or spoke ill of me or if i remind you of someone you do n't like .
i am sincere in my apology for anything i may have done to you please let me know if there is anything i can make right .
i 'm not doing it for college i 'm not doing it for you i 'm taking this course seriously because i am responsible to my future self .
i apologize for always being tired and yawning during notes i try stay engaged i 've never fallen asleep or left the room during lessons .
i 'm sorry for creating a shirt design for our so team but not one for the class i promise i 'll make our class one after i finish studying for the midterm .
i 'll bring you a souvenir from the conference in seattle and tell you about my latest projects i just want you to like me and to be proud of me .
i know i 'll leave your classroom in a few months but however transient our time together we will have made an impact on the lives of each other and i want it to have been positive .
i hope we start off our second semester on the right terms and i promise i 'll try to be better this time .
i 'm sorry for anything i may have done to deserve your anger i 'll do better this semester just treat me like a human being .
dear reddit though you are under no obligation to read or respond i just needed a method of catharsis for my anger and to rant any genuine advice would be appreciated .
my emotions from class have been disruptive to my learning and i needed a way to clear my mind and focus on the big picture .
i grew up in a rather conservative church where tattoos are generally considered to be a taboo and weird glances would be thrown your way if you had one especially from older folks .
ever since i was young a verse from leviticus was often quoted where it said that we should n't have any marking or tattoos on our bodies.but based on my own understanding the context behind that verse is that the israelites were surrounded by people who used tattoos in pagan worship .
i 'm considering to get a small tattoo for myself as a form of artistic expression or to remember someone close when they pass .
but at the same time i do n't want to be guilty of committing a sin by getting one .
so i 'd like to know your opinions on this topic
i 've only been here for 3mo and i can recognize the cycle of abuse so well .
feeling peace and not trusting it is frustrating and draining .
so the coworker that complained about the kitchen quit .
and because of that management has decided to ignore the litany of complains coworker had on the establishment .
which to be fair he was a very angry 49yo that was worse than management because he would just whine about everything and he was a very bad source of negativity .
he was n't management but he always got his way .
he claimed to have slept with the best friends wife who also works here at the hotel .
the person who trained me and quit to go to colorado in november unfortunately had to come back .
he 's been a breath of fresh air because he left on good terms but he know things are fucked .
he was able to get the alarm on the door that leads out of the basement deactivated because only me and him live in the housing here .
kitchen and the bathroom have n't been an issue and now i have someone to share a cab ride with to go the grocery store .
owner is going to leave most of february and making it through february is the hurdle of the season after all .
how long have you been involved in the hobby ?
i started out 6 years ago with chaos in the old world .
i thought the warhammer universe was interesting but i do n't personally like the way the game plays .
with citow i discovered that modern boardgames were the thing i had been looking for without realising it .
what would you change about your collection if you could ?
there is n't really anything i 'd change about my collection .
the last gap i was looking to fill was a skirmish game that i actually enjoy and that turned out to be funkoverse .
1st picture top left corner top to bottom funkoverse strategy game harry potter 4-pack battlecon war of indines elysium .
top shelf middle top to bottom funkoverse strategy game dc comics 4-pack battle for rokugan .
top shelf right front to back epic card game grifters .
second shelf left side above guardians is argent the consortium .
below is argent 's expansion mancers of the university .
second shelf right the bottom game is legend of korra pro-bending arena .
2nd picture top left corner battlecon devastation of indines .
3rd picture that battlecon box is trials of indines .
expansions not pictured funkoverse 2-packs dc potter rick morty .
teenage mutant ninja turtles shadows of the past casey jones april o'neill .
my taxes are more complicated for 2019 as i started a business in q3 q4 and had a w-2 job up through the middle of q4 .
according to a few calculators i 'll be receiving around a 400 refund so hopefully no penalties for late estimated payments .
i have a ton of questions and decided to look around for a tax professional .
there is an h r block office down the road from me .
has anyone used them in person before or should i seek elsewhere ?
this post is for those of us who have more than 1 crt for gaming .
how do you prefer to arrange the sets in a room ?
or keep only one out and put the other in storage ?
i 'll be moving soon and have a 27 fv310 and the same size fs13 .
it is the lowest hanging fruit on youtube to find bad content and just complain about it for ten minutes and collect your views .
i respect a few because of their humor but most are just these asshole elitists who act like they 've never done anything wrong or cringe worthy .
and plenty of content the slander are innocent projects that failed .
the only two i really respect are drew gooden and pyrocynical but only because i find them entertaining and funny .
a little bit more info me and my so spend quite a bit of time together and i 'm going through a rough patch in my life where i 've had to lean on him .
well my car has broken down getting another soon but not sure exactly when and it 's been a while since i 've last seen him .
part of me is chill and knows that i 'll get to see him again etc but another part of me is overthinking and anxious because we have n't spoken today and because of issues with all kinds of relationships not just romantic ones family and friends too i become scared that he 's upset at me or something has happened etc .
what are good ways to break these habits and to calm myself down ?
my rational side is obviously out but i did n't want to just let myself suffer or feel any kind of way any longer which is why i 'm making this post .
i thought it might be worth the effort to post a comparison of meta growth meta high tide inc. hiti inner spirit holdings ltd. ish and fire and flower holdings corp. faf based on a price-to-sales ratio https www.investopedia.com/terms/p/price-to-salesratio.asp to see if it might provide any interesting information since they 're all retail companies .
meta growth is the only company that has filed an annual report for this year as of this post so the revenue figures for the other 3 retail companies in my sheet are based on the following averaged calculations
meta total reported annual revenue of cad 54,101,660 as of august 31 2019 .
hiti net revenue of cad 8,288,000 for the 3 months ending july 31 2019 3 2,762,666 per month x 12 months 33,152,000 p. 7 https hightideinc.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/3q19-financial-package.pdf
ish total revenue of cad 3,991,640 for the 3 months ending september 30 2019 3 1,330,546 per month x 12 months 15,966,560 p. 3 https innerspiritholdings.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/interim-financial-statements-nov-21-2019.pdf
faf total revenue of cad 13,699,728 for the 13 weeks ending november 2 2019 13 1,053,825 per week x 52 weeks 54,798,912 p. 3 https wp.fireandflower.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/ff-fs-q3-2019-v15-for-sedar.pdf
outstanding share count and stock price assumptions vwap https www.investopedia.com/terms/v/vwap.asp
i 've read the most recent financial reports for each of these companies and to be honest it just got too fucking complicated to cite figures from each report because they 're all reporting on different timelines and different reporting schedules etc .
– so i decided to use the consolidated information available from the marijuana index https marijuanaindex.com because after a few comparisons the figures on the site seem pretty close to what each company has reported in terms of outstanding share count .
regarding the stock price i chose to use the volume weighted average price https www.investopedia.com/terms/v/vwap.asp as reported by the marijuana index at the close on friday january 17 because the vwap price represents the ratio of the value of a stock traded against the total volume traded over a particular time horizon usually one day .
i think it 's a better stock price quote since some of the debenture holders who receive shares in lieu of interest payments often lob in bullshit sell orders for one or two shares every now and again to manipulate the price of the stocks in question .
anyway and without any further ado i present you with the following price to sales ratio comparison
i hear over and over again the daynes love the starks that edric is named after ned or they are secret hardcore targaryen supporters .
can someone explain why some fans believe this because it makes little sense to me .
1 allyria dayne is betrothed to beric dondarrion from the stormlands .
there 's no indication that beric was against robert baratheon or a secret targ sympathizer—and we have heard hints about other families that have n't fully accepted the baratheon reign .
2 edric is n't some crazy unusual name we have edric storm and robert had nothing to do with him .
why do people believe this is a tribute to ned when other people have the name ?
yes he returned the sword which was the right thing to do but that one act does n't seem worthy of love '' or naming their heir after him . ''
at the end of the day he still killed their brother and family member .
4 dorne may be more sexually open but we do n't hear about any other highborn dornish ladies getting pregnant out of wedlock .
if ashara was pregnant chances are that would be seen as a bad thing .
why would the daynes look positively upon the man who shamed '' her then did n't even bother to marry her ?
perhaps they did n't get along but there 's no indication they did not and it 's likely they were friendly if she served her for a while .
why would she help rhaegar cheat on his wife who literally just gave birth to his heir knowing a the succession crises that have happened in the past b how other regions look down on dorne and how being half dornish in succession crises have been a problem in the past and c knowing it could start a war laughing storm rebellion ? .
also she 's from dorne—if rhaegar was so hell bent on a third head she 'd say get a mistress like ellaria sand who did n't have the baggage that lyanna did ...
elia and her kids were hostages and it 's likely there were other dornish people in here circle that were also held hostage .
you do n't think the daynes are going to be impacted by this when they likely knew that the cause was sparked by rhaegar 's wandering dick ... you do n't think they 'd be upset at all the dornish blood being spilled for such a dumb action that sparked a war ?
arthur is sworn to the prince and his bff does n't mean the rest of the daynes feel the same exact way .
7 referring back to 6 ... .ned still fought on the other side and likely killed some dornishmen himself .
even if ned was justified in the death of his father and brother and so on he still was the enemy '' in some ways .
is n't it more likely that edric dayne was a being nice to arya and b trying to butter her up to find information about his alleged cousin instead of talking about some beloved figure of the daynes ?
and it 's perfectly possible the daynes did use ned as an example of how the world is n't black and white—that he was on the opposite side of the war and killed arthur but was still a decent man .
it does n't mean they loved him so much they named their heir after him .
this is n't important and most people do n't know what they want for dinner much less if they want kids..
there 's a reason 0 hordes exist past 1550 .
idk if the deadlines are over but try signing up to summer schools and master class programs the ones i did were the uniq at oxford and lse choice both really helped my application
my mom loves sunflower so she grew sunflowers that grew to be about 9 feet in our backyard .
anyway someone went into our backyard just to steal a sunflower so they had to climb an 7 foot tall fence just to deroot a sunflower and then have to throw it over the fence and then climb it again .
i later found it dead in a someones yard 3 days later .
i think i saw this in a wwe episode once
source code https github.com/pastine/resumidor-estatal tell me how to improve https github.com/pastine/resumidor-estatal/issues created by u/alawichu u/barabatman u/craccini u/louislagrange
they could y'know stop doing what they 're doing so they do n't fucking die .
kind of amazing how far people are willing to be in denial if it means profit .
they 're legit prioritizing profit margins over their own well-being .
like it 's some new phenomenon better late than never i suppose .
not claiming i want to buy a rip off though .
i 've noticed the same thing with soaps though .
so many of the red cherry soaps have identical look feel and smell to them .
mostly because i work for a healthcare system and knew i could get it out of the way asap 😬
the flow of time itself is convoluted with heroes centuries old phasing in and out .
the very fabric wavers and relations shift and obscure .
there 's no telling how much longer your world and mine will remain in contact . ''
maybe their world lose connection to your world after you killed them .
nope it is a tabletop game traditional people used to play it in person with miniatures and dice but now you can do that virtually and play with anyone in the world
i 'm on episode 6 and i still do n't realise ... in fact i 'm a bit bored of it all .
interested in a dmc 6 gen 3 w midi in/out adapter 2x cba midi cables and a trs to 5pin midi cable ?
i 'm interested in the m7 ct5 or tensor and would add cash to even the trade !
the midi controller cables i value at 200 or so .
all the top people are better than trump and it 's not even close .
no need to be angry if we get someone who is good .
it 's biden 's to lose and it looks like he 's losing it .
the only people i 'm totally against are bloomberg and steyer .
the categorical imperative does n't hold up here because not permitting abortion can also be immoral by denying the mother the right to abort a child of rape .
it is n't universal enough your personal maxim needs to be applicable universally .
i liked this manga too but do n't tell me you 've never seen the scary-looking girl is actually not scary and she takes care of her family and also she 's poor '' thing 20 times before
they are based around the self sufficiency and bodily might of the lizardfolk capable of tearing a conquistador scout apart with their teeth and claws and then turning his ribs into a longbow to hunt his allies chasing them out of the ancestral swamps .
braaaawwwk i would like to see what he says when he is n't posting from his account .
there is no way he cares about this subreddit .
hearing the joy and laughter of my niece and nephew coming to wake us up when we visit for the holidays .
call me a tree hugger but this one makes me sad
i 'm pretty sure there would n't be any nfl coaches if it was n't for ex-nfl players or coaches ' relatives
because a child has so much control over where their parents work and choose to live/visit .
myiptv player and best player in the microsoft store work ok also .
these 7 days are actually the safest time to play .
we ca n't get a rw when we already have one .
i have a bunch of alt accounts that i raid with every day that do n't have a rw yet .
i 'm watching those to gauge if my altserver patcher install is safe .
it seems bonkers to me too but i 've lived in a few towns and cities in the us where this might happen and a few more where there would be public transportation but much much longer and close to as expensive .
i 've doubled my trouble by moving to a completely new city come end of graduation with no prospects .
i really did n't mean to belittle the way she felt .
it just bothered me that she could dismiss my view because i 'm a man .
i would never dismiss someone 's view based on their gender .
i do n't know if i 'm morally messed up but that 's 100 how i feel .
as far as i understood from recent research potential is what effects tp art performance this includes healing and attack arts as you said thats not so confusing .
i just saw the edit now many thanks for this .
it does n't even show it 's downloading nor updating apps in the notification any more
her fur will grow and molt out though in a month or so and she should have nicer rex fur
yeah well when i 've talked to hundreds of players about this over the course of a year spanning both na and eu servers and the overwhelming majority think a certain way its definitely a better way to weigh results than we gave a small demographic of the player base a choice and that small demographic chose vikendi 6 of the time so let 's make a blanket decision ''
watching a football game does n't make it art either .
my point is that a game is play and that play and games are distinct from art .
there 's no one artist 's unique vision in a game .
i typically stick to nintendo and they 're more on the big budget movie type of level regarding storytelling and meaning .
the only good post-game i 've played are hgss and bw2 the other games does n't have a real post game
p sure the man was just making a joke but everyone took it too seriously
i guess that i 'll then have no choice but to instead vote for whoever has the best chance to defeat jean charest for the leadership
honestly that probably wo n't narrow down the field .
you 'll have basically every other candidate to choose from .
there 's literally nothing there that says free real estate .
support helo should have been a 7 kill streak like it always has been .
why it is above chopper gunner is beyond me .
if three or more teammates use a regular uav simultaneously it should equate to the team having an adv uav .
from what i 've read it 's supposed to be worth trying iui up to 9 times .
we were originally scheduled to do 6 but they referred us to ivf early with the idea to speed things up .
we have however spent so much time waiting for it that now i wish we had continued to the full 6 rounds .
i hope round 6 will be successful for you !
either way i 've got yours ready both with ha so whenever you 're up for it just say
disclaimer do n't have time for a throughout review but first impressions are good .
though i get h m vibes from the cloths and your prices are way above those from h m what separates your products from regular shops ?
i wifed both but the anime definitely took the wrong ships .
should have been an actual following of the game story or the in game events if they just want to show off ships .
no no i dont think theyre the same at all .
if they were i would want kids but i dont .
im in no way qualified to raise a kid .
i have basic common sense not to be a complete fuck wad about it .
and yeah all kids are different and very complex .
i just used the ferrets as an example as why not all punishments work like many think they do .
i feel like some people when they hear dont spank your kids '' they feel offended because either they were spaked and turned out fine '' or they spank their kids and they behave .
so it must work for everyone else 's kid right ?
i didnt mean to say kids are like ferrets .
i just kinda tried to give my personal experience towards discipline being complex .
a lot of spoilers started appearing on the sub recently .
if the post is flaired season 1 '' or season 2 '' or does n't have a flair do not discuss season 3 or manga in the comments or in the post .
if the post is flaired season 3 part 1 '' or season 3 part 2 '' do not discuss anything manga related .
depending on the spoiler the ban could be either temporary or permanent .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/attackontitan if you have any questions or concerns .
german words for deceive a study in semantics seems like a titillating read .
you should n't try to approach spanish expecting it to work the same way than english .
when you are speaking a question has a different sentence intonation so you do n't need to change the word order .
i am diamond 3 and won 4 games at div 4 but because in 3 of them the other team ff after we got a big lead and it left me 2 mmr off champ and then a few matches later i demoted into div 3 .
forfeiting should n't take away as much mmr from a win as it does
i just had my third day of the school year .
i 'm so sorry that you already have to deal with this shit .
what a way to go almost as bad as 21 virginians !
how retarded am i if i buy calls based solely on this comment
if you believe that your well-being is at risk by engaging with your brother respond to him on social media .
say something along the lines of i 've thought about us having contact .
right now is a precarious time for me emotionally .
i will reach out to you if i get to a place where i 'm emotionally available for us to have a relationship .
i know this is n't the outcome you were hoping for .
based on the replies you 've put up it does n't sound like you 've actually dealt with your early childhood .
i strongly urge you to discuss things with a professional .
the upside is that it wo n't have anywhere near as much power .
i know him please do n't let it go to his head haha
our community relies on its members to help it grow .
if you enjoyed this particular post please consider crossposting this content to another relevant subreddit .
crossposting content from r/godasshole will bring in more members who will then share more quality god-like asshole content for the whole community to enjoy .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/godasshole if you have any questions or concerns .
of course they are why would not they be ?
do you assume ccie engineers to know tens of thousands of commands including rommon mode commands by heart for example ?
but as they said sometimes show run is disabled .
however even when is enabled you can not use .
plenty of places to download save files so you can skip the leveling with an alt .
thing is i thought he said this was for free with pizza points ... .. so he 's dropped the ruse to boast about getting his pizza for free and getting his money back
edit oh i realized it does n't even fit the parameters of free pizza so did he pay for all the toppings ?
i have some older bx5 's but if i was purchasing the same class of equipment today i 'd take a look at something like the presonus https www.amazon.co.uk/presonus-eris-e5-xt-waveguide/dp/b07vlnpgms/ref=pd_aw_sbs_267_6/258-5315679-9432067 ? encoding=utf8 pd_rd_i=b07vlnpgms pd_rd_r=9edc4f19-719c-452a-9cac-a432f02f5d7f pd_rd_w=hm691 pd_rd_wg=aijn3 pf_rd_p=0208d703-a674-4413-8899-c3889837d212 pf_rd_r=1t3e75j7wy9r6tcqnem0 psc=1 refrid=1t3e75j7wy9r6tcqnem0 offering because front-firing reflex ports ftw .
i would just go with yes to be safe .
in my experience suboxone takes sooo much longer than anything else to leave your system .
hi can i get the original clip for the 2nd clip ?
i can finally say goodbye to wasting hours of my life writing code specifically for microsoft 's shitty engine .
i have n't spoken to my dad in four years .
i would say your suggestion falls within the realm of possibly but not for a loooong time and not without a lot of imagination '' .
i love my wife plugged all the time too .
might not be a popular opinion but hue jackson could be a serious candidate .
no im tryna have a top half kinda day today do n't tempt me
wow thx and lem me know if you ever find out about the third one
you seem like you actually want to have a discussion on this and if that 's the case then i 'm happy to .
first of all i 'm a bernie sanders supporter beyond that i like warren yang and buttigieg and since the debate tom steyer seems like a reasonable smart and thoughtful man .
i do n't know exhaustively but based on what i/we do know i think it 's a fair point to make that those candidates have not done the ‘scummy ' things you 're talking about and are certainly not on a moral equivalence .
you 're probably getting unparalleled push back from career bureaucrats for the most likely reason available .
that they 're concerned with the way he runs his foreign policy .
add in all the additional variables that are more likely present in these people and you 're on average going to find people who are resistant to the leadership style strategy if there is one and decisions that trump makes .
the media is biased in favour of their margins .
they would rather trump than anyone else and if not trump then a centrist like biden .
they certainly do n't want a sanders or a warren .
now if the concern is that sanders and warren seem less like leaders due to this and will therefore lose to trump that implies that he portrays himself in a more leader like way .
trump is inconsistent in his choices hesitant on foreign policy quick to anger and easy to soften .
time and again we see him doing a poor job of representing us as our top diplomat .
he 's done a poor job with our traditional allies made us weaker in the middle east reduced our soft power capabilities lying breaking international law flip flopping etc ... have all led people to trust our state department less which means we 'd have to rely on the dod more and has been played by every dictator he 's dealt with .
his domestic policies are poorly thought out cost the taxpayer more and have produced worse results for us as a whole .
these are objectively verifiable across dozens of reputable sources .
beyond that he presents himself in such an asinine and unpolished way .
if the contrast is between him and bernie or elizabeth i do n't think an objective person could conclude that he is the more responsible articulate and passionate of the three .
he has never risen to the occasion he lies about things he does n't have to he alienates his friends and enemies alike .
he speaks poorly he 's unapologetic and it 's clear that he 's not humbled by the job .
supporting him in 2016 was suspect but i can get it .
not from a fiscally conservative positon not from a working class position not from an anti-warhawk positon .
the socially conservative base who religious ideology is paramount and they like his court appointees and rich people who benefited from the tax breaks and regulatory changes .
what if the ni and the scots were to back out of the u.k. together and join with the roi putting them back in the eu ?
sorry if that sounds stupid it 's just a dream i had a while back .
i 'm fortunate that i get a metric shitload of that for free .
i think i have about 40-50 tubes in my closet at the moment plus everything that gorilla makes .
per the sub rules all posts have to have a location in the title .
i 'd rather make all hits than catch the random diving swats or int .
we have several requirements for giveaways that are conducted on r/boardgames .
this guide https www.reddit.com/r/boardgames/wiki/contribution-guides wiki_giveaway_games will help you meet them if you choose to repost .
if you believe this post was removed in error you can request a re-review by messaging the mods https reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/boardgames .
congrats on the dupes glad you did what you wanted with your stones
me i would have put them into something else that 's just me
i have only just started playing this game and the lack of visual clarity is precisely what annoyed me immediately as well ... and the clunky character animations ... ... and the at times imprecise quest descriptions yes only noobs will care for this .
it 's not just the combat either in towns it sometimes takes me seconds to find the character an exclam on the minimap belongs to the awfully cluttered town layouts do n't help with that either .
i really love how much inspiration this game has taken from d2 but they really should n't have adapted so much of the interface .
in terms of ui and communicative visual design it seems to me that grinding gear games^^^hire me is still stuck in the year 2000 .
it 's actually just the blue tip from the eyeliner i think cause the pencil itself is black i also think ... ?
this portmanteau https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/portmanteau was created from the phrase 'mexican train ? '
faqs https www.reddit.com/axl72o feedback https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=jamcowl subject=portmanteau-bot+feedback opt-out https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=portmanteau-bot subject=optoutrequest
no idea why we kept him on the practice squad all season
my gym teachers in high school mostly stood and talked with each other .
some would play with but some decided to stand to the side .
i guess it 's easier to keep an eye on everyone at once .
also it should n't really matter if they were talking about something inappropriate or not it 's still rude to eavesdrop intentionally on your teacher
when my dad was a banker they had a serious problem with counterfeits so much so the secret service the people responsible for fighting counterfeiting thought it was coming from organized crime groups in chicago ... turned out to be a 14 year old with a xerox printer .
maybe look it up or sit with ur parents during tax seasons even if u start at 15 u done it 3 years and all immigrant kids done it to help their parents .
maybe at least have a personal project or portfolio during break instead of playing game for 16 hours for 3 months
india perhaps.. where in the world could one afford a domestic helper ?
i already have a merry mint pickaxe but its my friends birthday and it 'd be pretty awesome if somebody gave me a code to send to him thanks .
i do n't understand how you can post so passionately and regularly but fail to have any understanding of the simplest core mechanics of the game .
i ended up winning the raw card for over 100 less then i expected to pay auction ended on a tuesday 9am bad planning by seller .
once it came in i noticed it looked really clean so i figured id use the savings and grade it .
it could be because my city and industry are so variable a product manager at amazon could easily make 2x what the same title would pull at startup .
so if you 're looking at what others make at the same company it could be helpful but if you 're just looking at pm roles in seattle you could be way off .
in between my chest and my collar bone right above where my heart is .
could n't have done it right over the heart since i 've got boobs .
eve showing to be superior to leviathans while it was considered she was n't .
yes edgar belittled her but that perspective seems directed toward lineage or purity '' of being leviathan and not necessarily power .
remember that eve can draw power from souls something leviathans could not copy nor utilize .
even bobby 's ghost was throwing dick roman around despite not being able to kill the leviathan .
my point is eve might be a match to rival dick in purgatory .
but i agree with the rest of your sentiments about how many missed opportunities there were in the episode about purgatory .
a throwaway background line is the same as two recognizable comedic actors hamming it up for what felt like 5 minutes ?
not to mention it 's obvious that they 've never worn the costumes before handled their gun nor shifted off their speeders before because it all looked extremely awkward .
i 'm sure we can find creases in their jerseys from 2005 and reasonably infer that they 're using buzzers
for something more standard '' la boheme and rigoletto can both be absolutely devastating when done well ... doubly so the latter if you happen to be a parent .
for all of human history people have been ostracizing those who think and act differently than themselves the only new part is the internet making communication faster and easier .
it wouldnt be unexpected to be fired for saying something horrible in front of your boss in person so why would the internet get that protection ?
your story is more common than you think op i suggest you search for other mens posts about the same thing .
watch someones actions not words it shows exactly how they stand with you .
she is n't being intimate with you she lost attraction .
first i 'm not the same today as i was in highschool .
second nobody invited me places because i mostly said no back when people did invite me places .
i was n't an asshole just an introvert and people stopped asking .
trying bigscreen beta out on my quest i have a bit of a complaint
so i 've succeeded in streaming my desktop to my quest in bigscreen via the remote desktop tool in the steam version .
and audio works ... boy does it ever work .
it ignores the windows 10 volume settings so my quest gets maximum volume .
and with the quest volume control on the minimum that lets any sound through it 's still a bit too loud !
i have a new issue though changing the streaming resolution on my pc while streaming to bigscreen on quest just results in a smaller image appearing on the quest .
then when i tried stopping streaming from pc and restarting it i discovered that a connection to the internet is required to establish a stream from pc to quest though it keeps streaming fine if the internet drops out while streaming .
and yeah it 's crazy how good those people are
i 'm kinda already knew this it 's just not on the news as much
it is legally and traditionally not cheese cheese has to be made from mammal 's milk along with lactobacillus and rennet .
it melts great the only possible thing that can go on top of a smashed burger and it 's definitely tasty but it 's not fair to call it cheese especially when the us already has great cheeses going on .
hes was n't talking abt women he was sleeping with .
it really sounded like girls not randomly offering up oral was ruining his whole world .
altho for me ive never offered unless an friendship or sexual relationship was established .
still only offered once and that was after sexual things had already been done .
then never offered with my longtime lover who took my virginity ... i just do it as part of our routine .
a moguće je i da je netko otvorio novu tvrtku ili prijavio do sada neprijavljeni prihod .
did hellbird have a stroke while writing that last comment ?
caesar did n't destroy it during the alexandria wars .
even if it could i would n't be super keen on adding it .
it ca n't be as heavy as i want it to so even a small horde can knock it to a dead stop rather easily .
however it does have enough engine power that it 'll never totally stop it 'll just very slowly work its way through .
i honestly do n't even know if rajasthan is getting shit or not .
always wanted to be on a show like this just because it would be cool to hang out and talk to the people but then i remember they fill the place with half crazys to make it interesting .
unfortunately your submission you 're not a clown you 're an entire circus has been removed for the following reason s
if you have any questions you can message the mod team using the link in the sidebar .
replies to this removal comment may not be answered .
reposting a removed post without express moderator approval will result in a ban .
avere i piedi di due taglie diverse rende ogni volta comprare le scarpe un trauma
is it just me or is he getting more stronger everytime he sits on that beanbag .
built a system for the best friend of my girlfriend .
she 's using it now for 3 months with 0 problems .
people probably don‘t know how to install drivers properly .
why would it be on such a huge area ?
i thought it would explode in a fireball and not like if you spill fuel
years of listening to their music walked out after two songs .
you would have thought they were a newly formed garage band not an internationally touring group that had had 15 years of experience playing live .
go see gp and tell them all of this .
if your mother goes ahead with the threat the courts will have to subpoena your medical records .
a medical record stating mother refuses to allow me to see gp or therapist should not go over well in a courtroom
just curious what you would say in response to your good friend telling you they want to die ?
read bis backstory even his lore make fun of him
from all the 50 marriages i saw this month the biggest problem is the absolute waste of money on all these rasam ''
comments on the website said the family was undocumented immigrants .
so getting into trouble is n't good for them in the long run .
if they get beaten up they can still sue the school and get their money back .
their donations page already got 10,000 so im hoping it goes well for them .
hope this lad finds top form makes a big difference when he 's got his game on
trumps real lastname used to be drumpf but it was n't a good business name .
it just never crossed my mind that it would be so big in hp .
my dad smoked aromatic in pipe and i actually liked it .
my mum still smokes dark tobacco cigarettes and she smells like a garbage truck .
i was used to it before when i lived in my parents house but now i have my own family and nobody smokes .
also in my country smoking is illegal in bars and public places and whenever i see my mum it 's like going back in a pub in the 90s .
you know those pubs that you stayed in 5 mins and had to burn your clothes afterwards with sulfur to remove the disgusting smell ...
seriously smoking people do n't have a clue how disgusting is their smell ...
i 'm sure if they knew they would stop smoking altogether .
well i 'm always proud to be white but you 're not allowed to say that on reddit .
botox to the left masseter muscle may help somewhat .
following on from the last one treating space as if its an ocean .
it 's not that these things are bad but that people ca n't seem to move past them .
in the universe inside his little mind cig has n't yet released any alpha of the game at all they 've kept total radio silence towards the community ever since 2013 and the judge has pledged guilty '' on the lawsuit and cr is exiled from the usa and he 's on the run from justice .
the sad thing is that i 'm almost sure that that 's what in fact he believes indeed .
remember the human brain goes to great lengths to protect itself
there are a lot of great neighbourhoods in sydney it 's wealthy and the natural environment is beautiful .
basically anyway on the 'good ' side of the latte line should be considered .
the north shore both upper and lower is great for kids an easy if longish commute and has 2 of the best public high schools killara and willoughby girls .
it 's also really leafy and close to national parks with walking tracks to explore .
the only issue is it 's 20km from the nearest beach .
but i have one problem with it she did n't drop !
i 'd like to give you some advice from one mum whose been where you were with an unexpected pregnancy .
you need to protect yourself and your baby first .
pregnancy is n't easy and when your on uneven footing to begin with you need to do everything you can to stay a float .
i tried to have a relationship with my mil during my first and it was pure hell .
she was borderline abusive towards me she tried to control everything i did .
the mere mention of her sent my blood pressure through the roof .
it did not set me up for a good start with motherhood .
nor any kind of sensible relationship with my mil she has mental health issues that make her feel a need to control everything around her to quell her anxiety .
she started a little i backed the fuck off .
i passed all communication onto my so she was on an info diet about everything she knew nothing .
i saw her maybe 5 times throughout the pregnancy it helped i was super sick .
she was n't allowed to visit my so visited her .
i had a strict hospital visiting policy aka no one but who i wanted my medical procedure my choice fuck anyone who disagrees .
you are allowed to disengage she said vile things about your character .
if fact i 'd wager most medical professionals would recommend you to disengage .
you know you did n't ‘trap ' him it 's preposterous .
if you choose to reassess when you are not in such a tender fragile state pregnancy puts a lot of strain on a girl not just mentally that 's what i 'd recommend .
make this choice for yourself cause you and your lo deserve a stress free bond .
imho heros manga is canon too not a side spin off so there you have way more pu puns
these niggas got ta be getting a dreamville check .
they all said they listened first rory said it was melodic then no one named a single track or highlight from them project .
had 30 saved hl nainnnnnn and a bunch of 85s and 84s satisfied !
bhargava ajay and associates is one of the best and highly reputed ca in kanpur .
he give solution to every client with his years of experience and expertise and charges a reasonable fees .
the associate is recommended by most of the people living in the kanpur because of the way of solutions they find for every client is in the best possible way .
traffic to your website and promote your brand through digital services .
we build a custom website static interactive or at an affordable price according to your requirements .
digital companies http www.easydigim.com are specialists ineffective management and the creation of resources and productivity in your digital marketing budget .
when working with an organization you will benefit from your internal control and procedures .
enhance your market a large digital marketing agency http www.easydigim.com is able to take over your marketing from top to bottom .
in the beginning their business experience helps them determine the needs of your company and develop an effective profit-maximizing strategy .
the principal advantage of digital marketing consists of the cost-effective and measurable reach of a targeted public .
other advantages of digital marketing include increased brand loyalty and online sales-driving .
ø here are the main types of digital marketing you should consider for your business .
we can cover all the aspects of your digital marketing needs
we value the services to our customers must be of top quality honoring commitment and customer satisfaction .
we strive to work with expertise realize higher growth and enable services to reach the maximum number of users .
ø a large digital marketing agency can do your business wonderfully .
but how do you know if an agency is as strong as it claims to be ?
digital marketing and the efficient help of a digital marketing agency can do your business wonderful things .
digital marketing company for start-ups a success in itself is a start-up that can withstand the tough competition in the market .
at awc web services limited we aim to achieve the top quality of online marketing services handling these with expertise .
we offer complete packages that meet the company 's requirements with powerful digital marketing services .
click here to read how we can help you !
just a random thought that crossed my mind i like how you can make a cute boy or an androgynous character with the male hairstyles as opposed to the female ones .
i guess it 's not a big deal but was just curious haha
when is the best time to play to try and get more even matchups .
i 've been thinking about purchasing one of them to improve my art but after checking his free ones on his youtube channel his tutorials feels less like a tutorial and more like watch me draw '' videos
in sweden so traffic is minimal no distractions so great time for listening and talking out loud .
in this context pimsleur 's beginner '' swedish course worked wonders for me .
currently i am not yet ready for just swedish '' content 8 sidor '' radio sweden på lätt svenska '' podcasts audiobooks still to difficult or boring for me .
i wonder if anyone can recommend some stricte learning materials similar to pimsleur but more at a2 maybe b1 level ?
perhapse there are online courses where it is possible to download audio files or run the course from a phone connected to car audio where no interaction after all i am driving is necessary ?
any and all advice would be more than welcome thank you in advance
so i have been in a relationship with a women for about 9 months now .
and she has two kids with two different fathers .
the kids were born in a different part of europe and are since bilingual .
but she and i are born in the same country but she has lived in that other country for a large part of her life .
the language they speak is really hard for me to understand .
and that 's a problem since i want to be involved in my stepkids .
so one day i asked if they could speak a language that i can understand .
my girlfriend said that if she speaks with her kids in that language then the subject does n't concern me and is none of my business .
even tho she sees me as the father for the moment .
she follows that statement with when she wants me to understand she will speak in our '' language .
when i asked if she was willing to help me study her language so that i could understand .
i forgot to mention that me and her children speak the same language .
but the mother is so determined to keep the second language alive .
so aita for wanting to understand what my family says in the daily conversation ?
i would like to ask how you guys switch between your main and alt accounts ?
im piloting my girlfriends account when she ca n't play the game which is very often due to her busy work schedule .
but the problem is when i try to switch my main account to hers i ca n't switch back to my main account .
the only thing i can do is to just delete the app and download the game so it defaults back to my main account .
he may have mentioned it before but i thought i 'd try for a definite answer on if adum will play it for the brutal exercise series .
the closest i can get is the charcoal shirt .
i need a solid black dress shirt that actually matches black dress pants .
for those who have completed some of the data battles how would you rank them in terms of difficulty ?
i tried young xehanort first and could n't do it skipped to ansem and did it in one shot
1. u/hawlbert thank you for this gorgeous dublin postcard !
2. u/dirtytightsdelano thank you for this cute plant postcard .
3. u/alli_cat thank you for this gorgeous but sad postcard that depicts segregation .
4. u/mary_eev thanks for this very beautiful zoo postcard of a bear .
5. u/rp_o_d thank you for this adorable alaska postcard !
i 've never been but i 've always wanted to visit .
it must be interesting seeing all this wildlife around you .
6. u/evrthngw2sup2bdfrnt thank you for this beautiful monet postcard and for the beautiful stamps you put on it !
7. u/bellanoa2018 thank you for this beautiful indian cuisine postcard .
i am obsessed with indian cuisine at the moment .
and thank you for the gorgeous stamps you put on the envelope !
i tried very carefully to salvage them and i did !
8. u/cormai thank you for this very visually appealing postcard from portugal .
the blues in the sky and on the imperios is stunning .
9. u/dhwath thank you for this gorgeous postcard from indonesia .
it 's always been a dream of mine to travel there .
10. u/ryderb123456 thank you for this amazing mermaid postcard !
11. u/krebslovesfiesh thank you for this very cute shaped postcard and for the cute stamps from thailand .
i bet you had a blast studying in london !
13. u/biruperussia thank you for this fantastic postcard from bosnia !
bosnia is one of my favorite countries and i had a great time there ... and i hope you had a great time in mostar specifically !
upgrading my ram 2x4gb 3000mhz and i was wondering which 2x8gb 3200mhz sticks would go best with a ryzen 5 3600 and a msi b450 tomahawk ?
both are cl16 and i believe hynix chips and i do know that typically you 'd want to opt for samsung b-die for ryzen if that 's even relevant but these seemed like a solid choice for me .
tomahawk max 3600mhz sticks etc.. as i 'm not planning any others at the moment .
this post is in hopes of finding a solution to an issue with limited functionality of firefox mobiles long press context menu .
i have installed the app lookup to be able to quickly search for multiple dictionary definitions of words however there is no button for it in firefox mobile context menu .
the only options that i am given from long press on text are copy share select all and menu duckduckgo search '' .
however when using either chrome or duckduckgo browser i am presented with menu/web search search duckduckgo translate lookup and search wikipedia .
this seem to me like extremely basic functionality that is just not working in firefox mobile .
i do find both sync and send to device quite useful features of firefox and prefer it over chrome however if i ca n't find a solution to this lack of imo basic context menu functionality that might change .
any help in solving this issue would be most appreciated .
i lasted a full week for the first time in a while and i 'm very proud of myself .
of course i caved earlier tonight but i managed to resist it for a while .
i want my urges to just go away but i know i 'll need to work to make that happen .
i want to increase the grunt on the wrx but love the sound so hoping to find an engine that does n't sound too different
has anyone ever painted they 're own metal slide ?
like detailed it anodized it or hydro dipped it ?
love how it look shape wise but would like a more unique color scheme .
whom and what outfits do you predict will appear in opera omnia .
i really wan na leave my religion and stop believing in christian spirituality but ca n't .
this effectively shatters pascal 's wager fallacies for me .
i 've realized the god of the old testament is a genocidal mass murderer but i can not force myself to stop believing in him .
even in the new testament he does terrible things .
satanism is a no go too because satan still canonically killed 10 people and drove a man insane over a fucking bet with god 10 more people than most people in this sub .
i do n't wan na worship murderers anymore even one insane murder ruins any chance of deserving worship much less 2.8 million .
also what evidence is there that yahweh is a fake god ?
why must we choose between a mass murdering mafioso boss god and a murdering fallen angel throwing a tantrum because he could n't surpass second rank ?
unfortunately due to believing this is all true since near birth and i just finished college i do n't know how i 'll ever convince myself it 's bullshit .
it 's an endless competition to get a perfect photo and this means going to weirder and weirder locations to find new subjects .
is there a good way to get away from this madness augmented with all the quirks and features of today 's cameras ?
my friends have recently told me that i tend to brood a bit .
therefore hindering my opportunities to meet new people specifically women my age .
i try to smile as often as possible but i understand that being stocky and 6'01 '' although not the tallest i still look like jason voorhees to some people .
are there ways to make myself look more approachable and friendly ?
all of the parts are going to be bought in singapore so all the prices are in sgd .
i really like the song in kowareta so i 'd like to try and find the artist who made it and use another one of their songs for a level .
i 've already found the song on youtube so i 'd like a link to the song on newgrounds .
if i 'm just being dumb and it 's not even on newgrounds and you have to replace a song please tell me .
is there a subreddit to list redditors that catfish others .
then i started writing a story to an interesting writing contest about dragons .
i first talked to a friend on a whatsapp group about this new something and sent her a printscreen of what i wrote so far .
this happened while my gf was n't home and without internet .
after writing a small part of the whole story i went to play league with some friends for a few hours .
in the middle of this my gf got home and i focused on the game forgot about the story .
when i remembered about it i instantly told her about the story and about the fact that i talked to a friend about it .
i acted like i did n't gave her the significance
i did n't shared it with her at the moment i had the idea
i did n't shared it with her with the hype '' i shared with this friend .
if there is any language mistake sorry about it .
it seems no matter what we do the ammonia is always around 0.5-2
here https imgur.com/a/va2bb49 is a pic of the tests i just did
we have 4 mollies 5 fancy guppies 2 loaches about 10 ghost shrimp and 1 golden crab .
the loaches and crab are new but the mollies and guppies have been in there a few weeks .
we are doing partial water changes every other day .
filter is fluval aquaclear for aquariums 40-70 gal 300gph .
we have added some new decorations not new substrate .
we use a water conditioner on all new water and with every new fish .
i tested the water that comes out of my filtered shower head which is what we use to fill the buckets before we put in the tank and that water has ammonia at about 0.5-1 .
i 'm thinking the solution is to get an ro/di filter because florida water is trash .
i would be devastated if anything happened to the fish because of this .
note this is my first fish tank but my bf has had fish before .
eta the guy at the fish store told me to get microbe-lift special blend '' i 've done 3 doses of it .
edit 2 my media is carbon foam and biomax .
i 'm in the process of trying to secure a 2 year protective order against my ex husband a clinically diagnosed narcissistic and sociopath .
he 's very dangerous and this op is my only recourse the state 's attorney refuses to hold him accountable .
my ex has been estranged from his father for going on 4 years now .
his dad basically disowned him he did n't even come to our wedding .
my ex always told me it was because his dad did n't like me or think i was good enough for him because i was slightly overweight among other things and therefore blamed me but i 'm starting to wonder if he lied about that .
he had me convinced his dad was actually an evil narc himself but in retrospect the only thing i have to go off is his stories-his dad was nothing but nice to me and my daughter .
over time gradually almost everyone on his dad 's side has followed suit and cut him and therefore my daughter and i out of their lives completely .
even his 2 sisters who he used to be close to they were bridesmaids at our wedding and adored being aunties to my daughter and then dropped off the face of the earth .
my daughter and i were so geographically isolated they were a lifeline for us .
the thing is his dad disowned him around the same time he started being abusive to me .
i feel like this has to be related and his dad might be one person who could really shed some light on his behavior .
better yet if i could get get him to make an affidavit attesting to some of my husband 's actions or even testify for me in court it would be a powerful thing to have in my corner .
ex has a large family with money who he has totally demonized me to and a pitbull of a lawyer .
i 'm pro se and feel like i 'm fighting an uphill battle .
i 'm considering reaching out to him and just seeing if he 's open to talking to me .
anyone have a similar experience reaching out to an estranged loved one ?
i know there 's been discussion here about talking to exes but a dad is a whole other ballgame .
i 've done a bit of research and it does n't take a fool to notice everyone hates taxes .
hell our founding fathers emancipated their self because great britain kept taxing them .
i understand we need taxes to help pay off our debt to other countries and to fund schools military etc .
one issue ... schools do n't teach about how to do taxes .
we 're all going to jail go we do n't learn or use one of the many services that take our sweet time in april .
well we could start teaching them in schools especially as a credential required to pass through high school to college/career/dead-end job .
what other options do we have ? you may be asking well we have one simple option there is a bill that has yet to be passed .
this bill makes it so that the government who already has our individual taxes filled out and on file for them completed and ready to go the only thing they need .
then they send a little equivalent of a receipt to you and let you review their work before letting you enjoy your april in peace .
no filling out forms where you have to figure your income gifts losses winnings etc .
only to get one measly thing wrong and wind up in jail .
instead you overlook one form which will mostly be right because it 's the government and they know almost everything you do !
you may be wondering this too if such a bill exists how come it has n't been signed yet ? well you know the companies that take their sweet time helping you with taxes ?
they pay the government to not pass the bill .
so it simply waits while these companies practically torture us in more ways than one taking our money and just essentially laughing at us as we struggle at their mercy .
then we do n't need the use of companies like turbo tax and h r block thus making their companies slowly die out and allowing us to pass the bill for easy tax days to come .
upvote the post and post your channel for your 3 subs
if we 've already done this i ask you politely to not comment thanks
just got my quest and i 'm loving it except for an annoying green pixel on the left screen that 's pretty obvious in anything dark .
my question is if i should wait to have it fixed/replaced until there 's less demand or to do it now .
i do n't really wan na be without it for 2 months is the issue .
how long does it usually take to have it replaced ?
i have to build something for my architect study in c4d .
but all i got is a tree in front of my scene .
yesterday i tried the whole day to put some grass on my floor .
is there anyone who can help me with this ?
i have to place some lights into the building change the building textures and make it more prettier .
if you know c4d it should n't be a problem for you .
i wanted to ask this since not too many people talk about this but how many keybinds do you have ? i 'm the type of person that hates clicking so all in all i have 53 keybinds arena macros included also what are some keybinds that you might share only recently did i learned about shift+mouse wheel up/down can be used as keybind and it did wonders for pvp
anyone else ever get a random feeling to play a game you havent played in a while .
i 'm walking into work and out of no where had a feeling i wanted to play r6 🤔🤓😂😂😂
any recommendations for a brushed metal bracelet to go on modded snk809 ?
a little over a month ago i had back pain when i had a cold from coughing too much the back pain outlasted the cold by about 4 days until it went away .
i had some water go down the wrong pipe last night so i had a minor coughing fit in which there was a sudden shock to the nerves in my thighs almost buckling me sending me to the ground .
after that i have had a constant ache in my thighs which is much worse when i cough which i sometimes do because i consume marijuana in a recreational setting on occasion .
i woke up this morning to my thighs aching something fierce and coughing only exaggerates it .
google has me worried that something is going on with a disc in my back which my mother has had problems with since her late 20 's .
rawr owo james garfield is best baby and waifu .
send me a pm after bidding for my referral link .
you do n't have to invest the money into crypto to get the bonus and you can withdraw 100 right away after they pay you .
i will pay you 30 after i successfully receive the bonus .
crypto is ridiculously volatile right now so i would suggest just letting your money hang out for a week .
us only and select states which are alabama alaska arizona arkansas california colorado connecticut florida georgia idaho indiana iowa kansas kentucky maine maryland massachusetts michigan mississippi missouri montana new jersey new mexico north dakota ohio oklahoma oregon pennsylvania rhode island south carolina south dakota texas utah vermont virginia washington washington d.c. west virginia wisconsin and wyoming .
i can pay you by paypal cashapp or mezu .
first of all i would like to apologize any grammar mistake english is n't my first language .
i 'm a 32 y male treating bipolar disorder for 16 years .
even though i know that i have a good life with an amazing family i never intended to live for too long and tried to kill myself 3 times last one when i was 14 y .
i stopped trying because of the burden that suicide takes on a family then i planned to use an exit bag when my parents pass away and i 've been satisfied with this for some time but 2 years ago i got a girlfriend and she is really amazing but any long term relationship would foil the exit bag plan because of the suicide and everything else .
i work at a pharmacology lab and a few days ago while doing an experiment i realized that if i use the right concentrations of some salts i can kill myself with a heart attack '' a really unfortunate and sad event that happens but does n't looks like as a suicide so after i plan carefully all the suicide method concentrations salts infusion way how to mask the needle marks etc .
i plan to buy a computer in february and i wonder how important is cpu in cs go ?
i consider three options ryzen 5 1600 af 12nm ryzen 5 2600 and ryzen 5 3600 .
i chose gtx 1660 super as my gpu i guess its best pick in my budget but i do n't know what cpu should i choose .
maybe someone has one of these cpu and play cs go and can tell me if there is a huge difference in fps between these cpus ?
edit i have a 240hz monitor so i want to maximalize fps .
in the north-east of xu near the skull cliffs you can find a small island with an oasis in its center that is like none other .
mostly forgotten now by everyone it was the location of many battles during the last age for its rare resources and tactical location .
it seems like something got woken up because of all these conflicts taking part on it .
whoever dares to claim this island again should be prepared and have a strong faith in his abilities .
this is the highly detailed factory service repair manual for the 1996 kawasaki ninja zx900-b3 this service manual has detailed illustrations as well as step by step instructions it is 100 percents complete and intact .
they are specifically written for the do-it-yourself-er as well as the experienced mechanic.1996 kawasaki ninja zx900-b3 service repair workshop manual provides step-by-step instructions based on the complete dis-assembly of the machine .
it is this level of detail along with hundreds of photos and illustrations that guide the reader through each service and repair procedure .
complete download comes in pdf format which can work under all pc based windows operating system and mac also all pages are printable .
using this repair manual is an inexpensive way to keep your vehicle working properly .
no waiting buy from responsible seller and get instant download without wasting your hard-owned money on uncertainty or surprise !
all pages are is great to have 1996 kawasaki ninja zx900-b3 service repair workshop manual .
there are many unsubstantiated rumors going around involving duggars and many confirmed facts about them that are almost beyond belief .
for example there is the rumor that jana and tim tebow were almost a thing never happened .
it is reality that derick called out jim bob on social media for not being paid for their appearances on the show s .
then there are rumors that may actually be true it 's a possibility like one of the boys may have been caught masturbating and had their hands tied together for punishment .
i 've seen so many people who pick up just a bit of rumor and then spout it as fact !
would you be interested in sharing your clinical trial experience on video ?
we 'll be sending multiple patients to miami fl to share their thoughts feelings and experiences around and taking part in clinical trials .
to see an example of the previous project click here .
diagnosis of parkinson 's disease alzheimer 's amyotrophic lateral sclerosis als rare disease including pediatric central nervous system disease or cancer by a healthcare provider proof of diagnosis will be required to participate
i 'm helping out a friend by researching her family tree but i 'm well and truly confused i 've been wracking my brain for days and need some helpful ideas .
i have a walter s born in 1921 in england .
my friend told me he was brought up by his grandparents and i found electoral registers of him living with an emma s until he married and went to live with his wife .
i 've traced emma s to be born in 1877 .
she had kids from the years 1903 to 1914 .
every one of those kids took her unmarried surname and birth records have no father attached so i assume one of those kids is the parent of walter s as emma s would have been 44 years old at the time of walter 's birth .
emma s married her husband walter c who walter s was probably named after in 1927 two years before he died .
walter c was born 1859 18 years older than his wife .
he also had a previous wife and kids from that marriage .
in the 1901 census walter c and emma s are living together and she is listed as 'sister in law ' .
walter c 's first wife had not died and he 's listed as married .
by the 1911 census they 're both listed as being married to each other when in fact they did n't marry for a further 16 years .
does anyone have any ideas of what 's going on ?
could walter c be the real father of emma s ' kids all along ?
my leading theory is that walter c is the real father of emma s ' kids real grandfather of walter s and emma s was his woman on the side .
does anyone know how i can figure out which child gave birth to walter s ?
the oldest born in 1903 would have been 18 at the time which seems most likely .
i was thinking of joining or forming one if none exist at the moment .
i think it would awesome to have a game mode where all the legends abilities are swapped .
example i select octane but i am able to use caustic traps and my ultimate would be wraiths and passive would be pathfinders every match it changes and you wo n't know until you 're in game .
what mvnos in the us support wifi calling on the 3a ?
i 'm just genuinely wondering what do you guys do in this game these days with so little content ?
i 'm finding it harder and harder to play this .
at this moment there is literally nothing to work towards if you have maxed or close to max pl .
all the short story missions they give us can be completed in one day
no vbucks not a huge issue but it 's still something to play for
this happens to me in band all the time .
during the marching season there 's this cadence we have to do where we high-five each other and a lot of the time i just ca n't find anyone to high five so i high five myself
i 've done a couple of crete runs one with knossos and the other as polyrrhenia polyrrhenia was by far easier .
you start with iron and so your first trade route should be horses .
be sure to take mercantile stance before making the first trade route to save some ducats .
after getting horses take all of the research and then spam 5 light cavalry and 1 supply .
5 light cavalry flanks 2 hi 2nd 2 archers 1st pretty much melts all of the other armies on the island their defensive leagues and alliances are useless when they are bringing just archers to the fight .
i did have a lot of tyranny and some instability afterwards from having to promote the mercantile faction and forcing war through the senate but uniting crete was a cakewalk .
with knossos i was still able to unify crete but it was a little bit hairier as i had to beat back wave upon wave of egyptian and phrygian armies with my allies on the island .
i got it unified but my manpower and ducats were spent .
skyrim ... who would really willing go up to all those people and initiate a conversation ?
please be aware that this marks it as a place for serious discussion only and that any unserious content in this thread will be met with infraction point s https www.reddit.com/r/teenagers/wiki/rules wiki_point_system.3a .
if your comment does not contribute to the discussion in a serious manner it will be removed .
please report any comments that do not respect this rule .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/teenagers if you have any questions or concerns .
i do n't take any actions that actively cause children to die so no .
could was a statement to cover those cases where their children do n't become carriers .
but their actions still cause children to die as a group .
did n't think that would have to be specified considering what we are talking about .
if you are anti-vax you take actions that contribute to child murderer and promote the movement .
just because you did n't cause a child to die this time does n't mean you do n't take actions that murder children .
do n't get too disheartened and definitely do n't listen to solo queue players tilted in the heat of the moment .
adcs damage scales exponentially as the game progresses so unless you got to the point where you have 3 items or ur 1 item spike with lethality do n't expect to do the most damage .
in shorter games it is usually the top laners who do the most as they are beefy boys slapping the shit outta each other but in teamfights you and any mages your team has will be expected to do the most damage while the rest of your team cleans up the fight or front lines for you .
i tried angelica achates c.dom and yufine and yuna 's orbital massacre is too much to heal through
u/hugspeced remember to post a separate thanks including a verification photo as per rule 4 .
the photo must include fresh pizza in the box and a handwritten note saying raop '' todays date and your username .
failing to comply with this can lead to a permanent ban from the subreddit .
it 'll work well for clean styles while remaining low on the shine .
with blackship it 's hard to keep the shine low while still applying enough to get a days worth of hold .
i actually used fhs today and it kept my hair in place all day long without getting greasy or limp .
couple finger combs to combat strays and we were back in action .
you specifically stated that it was going to be a one-time thing .
honestly i do n't even think you would have been in the wrong if you had said you could n't and then just locked yourself in your room .
just because you 're a warm body does n't mean you 're obligated to watch their kids especially and i ca n't stress this enough when you told them you would not be watching them again .
we need some f 's in the chat for this boy ... f .
a giant set of holographic prayer hands on a pedestal a jar designed like a clown with smaller clowns inside a dog in a british hunting uniform with a gun .
we genocided the natives and spread fascism through our imperialism .
trump is a fascist but that does n't make him unique amongst us presidents .
as to being authoritarian punching nazis is n't being authoritarian .
stating that genocidal speech leads to violence is n't authoritarian .
thinking people should shout down nazis so they ca n't be heard and is n't authoritarian .
for some reason i thought i 'd build a techno track around a random ronnie reagan sample .
i 'm thinking of doing the same but i feel it might sell out
should 've call them saturday and sunday since they 're just adding more reasons to come in .
like using a special sword to kill a boss or hitting the target areas to actually knock all the health away ...
unless i 'm mistaken ... this describes two bosses in the entire game .
hardly mostly '' by any stretch of the imagination .
probably because we 'd all spend way too much time sitting their watching .
call lil tracy up like we finna get to this guap
reaper is too easy to play in low ranks because they dont know how to punish and manage cooldowns very well
of course the best way is to ignore ignore ignore but bitchy me would love to reply with k ''
i 'm going to stop sexing because you said this .
the academy of nutrition and dietetics is the largest organization of registered dietitians .
the truck to it is to make yourself a goal .
my first ever goal was to get an office .
as long as you have a goal to work towards it 's a lot of fun .
i would recommend making a solo session so you do n't get fucked by dumbasses online when you are a low level .
most spoiled and privileged generation in all of species history on planet earth and yet they still just bitch and moan .
you 'd think they were living in 15,000 bc the way they go on .
your post women and men professional sports players should not be paid the same has been removed because it violates our rules
if there is an issue please message the mod team at https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2funpopularopinion subject message thanks !
engraves 'thot slayer ' on knife now ca n't pick it up .
the colored cocoons for quick access to certain cocoons is a really nice touch .
thing is as a former democratic presidential candidate senator sos etc. she 's never going to not be active in politics .
journalists will keep coming to her for her opinion on every major political event until she dies .
she more than anyone else including biden is the voice of democratic centrism .
yeah fashion nova has the exact colour 24 seven on sale for around 3 right now but they 're completely sold out so that 's not much help if you want it since they probably wo n't still be that price when they restock .
was hier garnicht erwähnt wird gab es nicht auch pläne datteln4 zu einem gaskraftwerk umzubauen ?
laut den energiewende-experten brauchen wir davon doch eh noch ein paar mehr wenn wir die wind und sonnenarmen winterwochen mit aus ansonsten in form von methan gespeicherten überschüssen überbrücken wollen .
bis wir die haben hätte man da auch erst noch putin-gas nehmen können wäre auch besser fürs klima als kohle .
even when you make some decent play if your team doesnt follow the play is wasted .
for early game if you are playing duo bot the lane should allways be a win but after that pray to god that your team is decent .
ted cruz loves the sound of his own voice more than cheeto benito
ah you see i can use the rest as vildred fodder
omg please dont be mad at me ill make it up you ''
is it strange that this makes me love them all the more ?
nicola sturgeon has said she does n't want to illegally do a referendum .
on youtube they have his video on lockdown and everything tagged by wikipedia as a conspiracy '' video .
these silicon valley fucks hate the truth and anyone speaking it .
my man go for it nah anyone who judges or thinks that it 's not ok has something wrong with them .
you 're not an ah just cause you were spending time with an older woman
yeah you should be able to be president and you should only be allowed to consent to sex after and you should only be able to drive after you turn 18 too .
because clearly we ca n't identify different ages along a spectrum of age that make sense for different stages in life !
they say they are putting up a fence and we say we will take it down .
tell them the intent ahead of time and let them decide the course of action after that .
it would be a pr nightmare for them to fire on civilians who were taking down a fence they paid for and should n't even have been put up .
i did n't mean to come across as critical of anyone posting that particular build it 's a wonderfully fun one but rather just to introduce a bit of potentially sub-optimal variety to the mix .
to keep the discussion going what would you add to the building to make it more complex ?
do n't worry about the plan when you 're in the middle of a hurricane .
hope things get better soon for you and your family .
i 'm a chick and i wish i looked like you omg 🥺🥺
if i were to give advice that is often given to me for when i have to make a decision is to make a pros and cons list .
seeing it all together should allow you to properly weigh the options .
maybe a bit in the delivery but i 'm sure what she meant in her head was do n't mount hooks in my ceiling and do n't rip out chunks of my ceiling with said hooks by swinging on them ''
as a former khiver biden/harris is now my dream ticket
just wait until you sit and close your eyes while listening to cluster one
i had a 16000m and throttle for 8 days before the yaw twist axis got buggy with random left and right yaw twists occurring without touching the stick .
did all the calibration/driver fixes but no good other than increasing the deadzone .
and the throttle got sticky adjusted the screw but still sticky
sent back to amazon for refund now have a warthog .
never been happier and should 've just gone straight away to the warthog .
spend the extra money imo you 'll appreciate it .
now just working on getting my old g27 pedals config right for yaw or roll .
the only evidence we have of interaction between the two species is on the sperm whales who had defensive sucker marks on their head and ... squid parts in their bellies .
i was expected some apple-headed chinless overgrown fetus.. you look fine my dude
like many other businesses which just vanish after receiving payment in advance
doctor dies in wuhan as coronavirus death toll rises to 41
op could i get a message with this post since it was removed ?
the government released this strain of virus to keep us sheep concentrated on this issue over ones that really matter
joe was the worst always going on about playing ball '' he was so hickish and backwoods .
donna if a real human never would have hooked up with him irl .
he did put the beat down on ray so he gets points there but other than that forget it .
oh did i mention he was also super racist ?
you know he did n't want donna going over to that part of town '' to help her friend at the convenience store .
the n word probably left joe 's mouth quite a bit before he got to college to play ball '' .
dude would have voted for trump in a heartbeat .
concerning your second edit read the alpha lupi cards .
the traveler cast away shards of itself after parts of it became corrupted .
ghost even says in a scannable in the edz that the shard has some sort of corruption in it and ponders how it ended up out here .
if she survived she 'd have been shot again .
hell it could be joel 's ex wife 's second child .
or bro maybe it 's a new character altogether .
jeez man it 's gon na be okay lol .
a joke about the former prime minister of the uk facefucking a pig 's head .
she is saying they are seeing second generation transfer .
not just first generation from people in direct contact with the animal origin .
the 14 r0 is likely high but probably originated from an early incident when an infected patient went into surgery and infected 14 hospital staff .
they can have a 9.5m diameter opening in the roof and use a boom lift positioned on outside to lift the stack as they weld .
plus they should be able to lift the whole stack out of the same opening using a bigger crane .
they want at least one diverse board candidate with a focus on women.
bro he pirated it an he 's asking how to play online on a pirate copy
the problem there 's that it makes the game less approachable by the ftp .
that might not seem relevant but the ftp is what keeps a game relevant as it increases the number of players .
when the game is too expensive ftp will be discouraged and may quit the game .
konami would prefer to have a ftp audience by loosening these cards .
plus you forgot to mention that powercreep exists and would probably make fur hires lose their relevance dark magical circle sanctified darklord molehu and future card releases all put a stop to their strategy .
as for cyber angels they 've been in the list for too long anyways and eventually konami does experiment with removing cards off of the list .
though i ca n't say that they always succeed check snatch steel in 2015 they usually work .
technically tomorrow has not come and will never come as today is now today .
only the californians who 've travelled the state a bit will understand this one .
i had to live up by stockton for 3 months a couple years ago for job training and god dam what a different world to the la peeps i 'm used to .
if everyone is flagged false positives are the bigger issue .
there are also better metrics than what they used presumably just kpm kd and the account history .
would be a fairly good use case for a bit of ml thinking about it .
it 's disgusting that donations were solicited for a matter that our incompetent government failed to address unlike the opposition .
dude i just did the exact same thing on this exact same chart i feel you xd
haha man im so with you on this one !
get hella water and me too man that shits out there rn and its tryna fuck us !
thanks i 'll try the mages i need to farm some items first tho
next few weeks will be a better picture of what is unfolding here .
not enough information and fear is rising a very bad combination .
i got a red warning too and i 've never spoofed or let anyone use my account or used a third party software or anything .
well i have used pokegenie but i think that 's been proven to not trigger these kinds of bans .
the only thing i can think of that 's do that is unusual is that i always play on wifi in one way or another i use a mifi or a phone hotspot my work phone has unlimited data but i play pokemon go on my own phone as i ca n't install apps to my work phone .
was afraid to open a thread on here myself because this sub is so toxic sometimes as people just wo n't believe you and assume you 're cheating .
i read about this..and apparently dont shoot the messenger only heard this
that far left people are getting mad that this is tied to eating bat saying something akin to the fact its racist to say that ...
i think you have a fundamental misunderstanding of what jq-believers believe .
again this entire thread is directed at a single individual whose name is in the title and seems to want to continue getting involved with these people .
this was an effort to basically say it is irresponsible to engage with these people without any concept to push back against their core idea .
that being said the easiest way to defeat '' them will be to force them to explain their theory of the jq during the discussion/debate .
as you say near the end of your comment this is something they love to do and makes them sound absolutely insane .
instead of trying to platform these people and ignore their core value make them talk about it so that people do n't think oh hey is n't that that crazy jq guy i heard about he seems way more reasonable in this debate with my favorite epic debate streamer .
i guess he is n't that crazy damn media . ''
destiny ignoring it and thinking that it would n't be brought up is absolutely insane to me .
either post your thoughts or do n't why suggest no one would read it ?
the last 3 threads within this sub were consistently maligned for being long '' to the point where people either nit picked a single individual point or just made a dumb comment irrelevant to the discussion .
i did n't feel like wasting a similar amount of time on something that would be ignored .
the usury claim is usually a pretty standard explanation for why jewish people have power .
the usury claim does n't necessitate a connection to any actual power when you look to the history .
like executioners many people were are allowed to have powerful '' jobs but were then also shunned or ostracized by the people .
they were often seen as a people without a home this is even a modern phenomenon with at least american jews who still see themselves as a permanent outsider within their country yet being an outsider of nothing .
that being said jews were often allowed the jobs because they were already seen as lesser or lower than the other citizens .
this gets to an interesting seemingly self-fulfilling prophecy that deals with jewish animus culture and religion .
they are viewed with hatred and seen as outsiders and also practice a religion that makes it very difficult to associate with outsiders on a consistent basis .
there are many more interesting scholarly works and books on this also this is a very european jewish phenomenon and completely ignores the middle eastern and african jewish experience .
will absolutely dump the lot when life dictates but i like to play with it when i can at the minute !
oh yeah it 's a given that matchup will happen but smack is a fool if he books it anytime soon .
that 's a battle they will hold for a little bit longer i feel .
they got ta milk these savages individually a bit longer before they throw em into the cage to rip each other apart lol .
pat just got introduced to url so he has a large opponent pool to play with before the clash of the titans .
i 'm not sure if it 's possible to be as happy to see your dog as they are to see you .
and if your mate from the pub told you to jump off a cliff ?
i got a gloway rgb 8gb×2 3200mhz stick from aliexpress for like 5800 rupees which is almost half the price they cost in here .
the only catch is its gon na take a month to arrive as it is shipped from china .
if it 's a bit rusty rummage the tube of you to find a tutorial as how to fix .
ah another person who has been sent the magical teleporting animatronics
i do n't think any killers are questioning why survivors use ds it 's just dumb that there are actually scenarios where the killer can chase and down another person hook them and then tunnel '' the other guy and still get ds 'd .
on top of that survivors constantly abuse ds to body block go for hooks or do gens in the killers face because there is not really anything the killer can actually do about it .
bas to ne mogu ni oni ljudi ceo zivot da rade istu stvar ako rade to zbog muzike ne zbog para bar .
meni je jedino problem ako neko peva protiv prodaje i tako tih stvara pa se onda proda jer je to bas ono degutantno ovako ako ga od pocetka boli kurac koga boli kurac .
najbolje je balansirati kao coby malo za pare malo za dusu 'za pare pevam al vidis umem i da repujem '
he gets way too much credit for that fight considering he got battered and finished .
recommended subreddits r/fuckgaming r/multitaskers r/asshole r/hairy r/girlsshowering r/showersex r/amateurpornvids r/borednignored r/suctionblowjobs r/amateurcumsluts r/splitview r/degradingholes r/bbwvideos r/maturemilf r/girlsontop r/obsf old but still fuckable r/facial r/bondage_porn r/analinsertions r/anal_gifs r/pillowhumping r/handjobs r/wetspot r/clothingkink r/goodgirlsswallow r/sloppyblowjob r/asianthroats r/gloryholeblowjobs r/feedingoncum r/japancensored r/japanuncensored r/fuckablesplits r/blowjobgirls r/blackgirlblowjobs r/throats r/greatview r/phonejobs r/cumov r/dildo_gifs r/erasernipples r/daughtertraining r/dadwouldbeproud r/sexandsoles r/oldandyounglesbians r/lickityslit r/sexandsoles r/allpornnsfw r/throatbarrier r/roughanal r/footjobs r/prettylittlecumsluts r/joymii r/bondage_porn r/outdoorrecreation r/cuppingtheballs r/frombelowview r/iwanttobeher r/politicsnsfw r/freeusefamily
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/goodgirlsswallow if you have any questions or concerns .
how much of this is due to a dirty electricity grid i.e .
coal-power and how much of this is due to other factors ?
i have heard from some ees that in cities some people burn trash because they are presumably poor although it appears to be a more general problem of greed .
even some middle-class people do it to save money .
and then there 's a lack of environmental concern in general contributing to it .
very fun to watch the winner 's bracket this tournament .
av jumps are required only in a single level https youtu.be/zvkytwz_zze ? list=ploxv-no_tlqyp bhibxhn0_8abnfkoq9 t=295 as a necessary part .
but frankly speaking this is just the head of the iceberg when it comes to frustrating features in some levels so you are not missing that much .
it 's no exploit direct boss fight so no mobs to clear hit and run if you get hit once at that lvl your down ... otherwise you can slowly grind him down !
this mod gave me a warning while i do n't think he did the same to the op who straight up abused me saying tere maakee re bhen chod '' .
now the entire balkans get to speak in probably the 2nd most incomprehensible language in europe
maybe they 'll learn soon that propping klob only hurts their chances of a moderate winning .
just your general condescending tone but hey i hope things brighten up for you !
early exposure is what allows others to understand they can hear it without having a ridiculous overreaction to it and labelling it as politics . ''
you really do n't need much for a mile ... you do n't even really need food and water if for whatever reason you decided you needed to skip home and head straight to your secondary or even tertiary bols .
worst case you did n't eat breakfast or lunch and are hungry but you are n't going to be close to starving at all assuming no dietary issues .
wear reasonable clothing and shoes for the season whatever self defense weapon s you chose and have some cash available to grab a ride from someone or buy a bike or just attempt to bribe your way out of a situation .
now your bug out locations need food water heat etc .
for however long you want to plan to be able to stay there for the maximum number of people you can imagine staying could other friends or family show up ?
could a coworker tag along or someone gets a new significant other etc .
what 's with the fan thing i have n't seen the guide .
you should always have some fans point inward to draw in fresh air ... just paused writing this to investigate .
i 'm assuming you mean the power supply fan ?
we need to tackle the root cause that allows this to happen and eradicate homelessness .
here in toronto most homeless just sit at the side of the street or in subway stations and panhandle .
i do think that camping on streets and doing drugs in public is a problem and i think that needs to be resolved .
what was reserved to snooke flagship is now available in mere tie fighters .
meanwhile the mandalorian blew me away when they showed a tie fighter that can actually fold its wings to land .
here 's an update on uldren but that 's it .
how if these psychological categorisations were n't such bullshit you should expect extroverts '' to be causing the majority of issues and problems just by the sheer number of social interactions they should have compared to introverts '' .
in an effort to make some money back they switched the subtitle from dark fate to feminism is cancer .
more like they get here and are completely overwhelmed by staying in hotels in neighborhoods most populated by drug use and a level of homelessness they 've never seen before tenderloin and union square .
a lot of tourists think sf is a hellhole because they do n't venture too far from their lodging .
jokes on them though it 's a dystopian hellhole for a lot of other reasons too !
i would love to rp this out and play batgirl
you 're not wrong but that makes the battle royale itself the gimmick .
speaking exclusively about the br however without building it 's literally just cartoon pubg with less features .
i hope he includes this in his video is hilarious
damn the game i have to most hours in is s game called clone hero its not available on steam but is standalone i probably have around 1000 hrs put into it my most played steam game is gta 5 with 111 hrs put in banned from online
when all you have is a hammer every problem is a nail .
edit no hold on.. tera byte can also mean 13 bytes lol .
i mean all the usernames in this thread arent great mine included mr prolapse
the good at sucking dick part makes no sense to say to the brother of the girl ... unless creeper is really into incest porn and assumes stuff has happened because she 's pretty .
the fact that people do n't believe science and experts anymore
yeah this is n't an uncommon story i hear .
i 've definitely made a few friends through fests that i expect to last a lifetime but i ca n't even remember half the names of all the random people who have camped with or around me who were amazing friends for the weekend .
that might have to do a little with me too though i do n't invest myself into people i do n't really trust or care about .
in a few weeks i 'll be going to an event and i 'll probably see dozens of friends there but really there 's only a few that i keep up with and actually know deeply .
i 'm all for safe '' harm-reduced recreational drug use and compared to many my crew is good about stuff but i feel like you 're not entirely doing that if you 're just letting yourself be a puddle of emotions floating in the ether for anyone to get in on .
on the other hand the rejection of this openness that you and i have is something that 's often erased while on psychedelics and people often find it to be an extremely liberating and therapeutic feeling .
i know i do n't hate it and it 's helped me to bring openness and deeper relationships in my life all around .
my experiences would definitely make me want to thoroughly agree with the findings in the study but my doubts about my experiences definitely make me want to see more information .
what am i missing here it looks like a bronze player trying a ceiling shot
had a teammate shoot me repeatedly with a flinch machinegun and flinched me four times because he was trying to aggresively steal my kill a guy i had been fighting and knocked over myself and i turn around and down swing him once .
i got kicked immediately a 24hr ban and my status set to penalty 2 from fucking caution .
once i get breaker 3 i 'm quitting this shit .
the ghost beams especially make me consider it i get hit by beams/rockets that have clearly missed all the time .
way too much negatives than positives about this clusterfuck of a game .
good thing billionaires do n't have trouble affording blood pressure meds .
the entry level jobs are often terrible and there 's no incentive for employers to improve them .
recent grads are expected and usually need to at least put up with this until they have enough hours for independent licensure and the hope of something better .
there 's high turnover but always a new crop of grads in need of supervision hours .
this is one of the only fields where the work is hardest and requires the most skills at the beginning when we have the least .
grad school focuses too much on theor not how to apply it and many field placements are a waste of time they use students as unpaid temps .
there needs to be more accountability but many schools are just desperate for any placement .
there 's also a pervasive attitude of martyrdom paying dues etc that makes social workers fail at advocating on our own behalf .
and of course lots of people just come here to vent .
apparently the books have sections that are a bit hit and miss .
also do n't be afraid or embarrassed to tell your parents .
you 've done nothing wrong and they will support you .
no one deserves to be treated this way and you are going to have to endure some short term pain for long term gain .
and when you do confront inform the other husband .
he deserves to know that his marriage is a sham so he can make an informed decision .
this is a place for republicans to discuss issues with other republicans .
out of respect for this sub 's main purpose we ask that unless you identify as republican that you refrain from commenting and leave the vote button alone https www.reddit.com/r/metarepublican/comments/5t017a/this_sub_is_for_republicans_if_you_do_not .
non republicans who come to our sub looking for a 'different perspective ' subvert that very perspective with their own views when they vote or comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/republican if you have any questions or concerns .
one frost claws 2 thss 2 great axe is 180
pay 1cp to put them ‘on the hunt ' and at the end of turn 2 have them appear and with a reroll charge for 50 chance of getting in
i mean if someone spoke ill of my fh i 'd be pretty pissed too .
no one should be shit talking jane when her husband is around to hear it that 's just plain disrespectful .
there is an speed looting key bind and instruments that play themselves yes .
how much distance is she trying to put between them ?
i consider fallout 4 a good game but a mediocre fallout game .
the simplified dialogue system the near absence of skill base checks a fairly low number of quests that can be resolved in ways other than guns blazing or sneaky stabbing and the number of locations that would have been great story locations but are just raider dens with little to no lore .
i do n't have kids but if i did it would certainly be sweet if they wanted to do some dnd with me .
that 's because you still have some self respect .
once that 's gone you wo n't care about the relationship anymore .
i 'm still not confident but compare colossus hammer with archetype of imagination that card specifically has the phrase creatures your opponents control ca n't have or gain flying '' .
that 's my thought process and i 'd love if a judge clarified any mistakes i may have made .
i imagine so though he was already breaking swords as a child but that insane training '' is probably not insane at all for people with dimitri 's crest i imagine when you have super strength what regular people as a workout does n't really accomplish much .
this post was removed because either the artist or song is over our popularity limits .
please note that this rule includes music by celebrities as well as music from popular video games tv shows or movies .
if it 's a new release submit it to r/republicofmusic .
a full explanation of this rule can be found here https www.reddit.com/r/listentothis/wiki/rules wiki_submitted_artist_and.2for_track_must_be_with_our_popularity_limits .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/listentothis if you have any questions or concerns .
well not when you are getting a rub and tug
is n't it possible that ... picard is wrong ?
and you still believe a devil 's triangle is a quarters game ?
yeah there are a lot of egos in this industry but i 've also met a lot of very kind photographers so that gives me hope !
that guy 's playing galaga was also improvised and they added the scene where someone was actually playing the game .
what 's an ama where can i find more info ?
as long as your kidneys are healthy and you 're not drinking 5 gallons a day you 'll be fine .
but on the other hand as long as your drinking more than a gallon a day you 'll be peeing out any excess salt .
either way your body will maintain a sodium serum value of 135-145 meq/dl .
i just do n't want people telling others it 's dangerous to pee every hour .
it 's one of the healthiest things we can do .
i got an 18 pt and the 20 pt mlk that day then i got two yesterday and another one so far today .
gold can only be spent on packs and ranked draft gems can buy much more things so yeah 750 gems are inherently more valuable than 5000 gold .
and yes if you only buying packs and never play draft then draft is worth nothing to you so you are pretty much 5k gold down .
if you are playing ranked drafts it usually means you are never buying packs since packs are horrible value so comparing gold and gem price for packs does n't make sense either .
overall the closest value comparison is 750 to 5000 but realistically it 's a bit worse than that .
update i tried a few things including new cable no change and disabling green ethernet '' and power saving on the ethernet card .
but for two days now the problem has yet to repeat itself .
i 'm leaving it unsolved since i ca n't speak to anything that definitively affected the symptoms .
it 's a bit lighter though i want something as solid as possible
yea but then again who lost the fight who filmed a dead guy and who tazed a dead rat
technically if they 're step siblings it is n't alabama because they are n't blood related
i mean he even called pantera pan-terrible and says that he only likes their pre-cowboys from hell era material .
to add insult over injury he also called dimebag darrell douchebag darrell .
do n't believe this one bit but i wish it were true !
i 've already got the stuff in my pockets .
uhh ... news flash mate the government does n't tell you if things are n't fine .
in fact they have a history of lying about it .
check out the history of nuclear facilities and the effect on local communities for starters example rocky flats co
as great as he was as a player i feel he had even more to offer as an ex-player .
his work in sports entertainment and filmmaking sports business even analyses on espn etc .
he was going to be one of those guys that hung around for another 50 years giving advice to players .
i 'm looking for advice on what to do to correct my teeth so if i ever find info i 'll be sure to reply to you again .
i think somebody already warned you about this but bindrunes do n't really have universal meanings like that they 're more like chaos magic sigils in that they can be programmed to do pretty much anything .
they 're basically combinations of other runes so typically it 's an entire word or idea condensed into a single shape runes all have pretty much the same geometry so different words can result in really similar looking bindrunes .
not like i think you 're in any danger or anything like that i still think this is likely a signature .
so if it means courage to you that 's great that 's as good of a meaning to attach to it as anything
i didnt mark it as nsfw it automatically did that .
yes as long as it fits into a wall outlet that supplies 220v and not 110 like usa
they are n't gon na stop the war on drugs until jail stops being a for profit system .
most of the people in there are in there for drugs or petty crimes related to their drug abuse .
their families can easily spend hundreds of dollars a month on just 1 person putting money on their books for a phone call a day or incredibly overpriced ramen .
and do n't forget all the free '' labor the prisoners provide where they get paid literal pennies a day so they might buy stuff for themselves if they do n't have family to provide it .
did my part moved out of the city and registered as a republican .
born and raised there for those that base their arguments on that sort of thing .
over the past couple days i have felt so constantly angsty and so angry about everything .
every thought i have just causes me anger almost indignation
i also ca n't change most settings on my msi board to 'manual ' but i can simply put in numbers to override the stock stuff
but never let anyone tell you what is right for you .
meds are as legitimate a way to go as no meds .
thank you man i really apreciate your words hope you have a nice life
if five died and his for daughters were with him then there would be no pilot .
i loved some of the twists jack buried tardis ruth 's reveal but i 'm still finding the show is hampered by not great dialogue and lots of exposition .
this season is growing on me and i think the story itself is going to be interesting and have a fun finale but i 'm still struggling to absolutely love it .
the haberdasher o'dalys boo radleys alchemy and hayley 's are all fun .
if that 's the case life is ludicrous and makes no sense .
everything is a joke with such a bleak outlook is it any wonder suicide seems like a great option to chronically depressed souls ?
the great philosopher j. paul sartes tony flew and oscar wilde refused to acknowledge life is meaningless and you die '' !
i 'm currently saving up for a stonker of a rig to play the bloody thing ... i played it using a work computer built for video editing .
wonder if i could get away with stealing it ...
there 's a cold that 's been going around .
i had it 2 weeks ago and it was awful .
you really took your time to help the others .
i would only suggest that the last part of 尴尬 more as awkward situation than an embarrassing situation .
he said any lore that 's been important since .
which is true since none of the events in black panther affected the main avengers storyline .
i 'll be so damm impressed from apple if this is true and will not hurt the device .
after what happened with the iphone 4s we know that long support for incapable devices might be really bad .
i just read an article saying that his kids were not on board with him .
had he lost enough for anyone to notice the rest of the cast would have been skeletal .
this is post season 6 too ... hugo basically becomes the new demi-god guardian of the island but it 's still about the weight .
you do make peoples hearts skip when they see you .
more like in the way that causes them to die .
a white guy cherrypicking negative reactions to something that most in the church likely thought positively about manufacturing negative news .
if someone is off this coaching staff no amount of debate will change their minds .
i 'm tagging people with res though in case they decide to change their tunes if next season pans out .
i did technically like saiyaman but it was as a joke and not a character .
they should n't have tried to make it a thing .
korbchenliebe in hamburg sells ewa michalak bras both online and in their brick and mortar store .
they sell bras in band sizes 60-105 and up to a uk k/eu o .
they will special order a 55 and up to a 145 .
i ca n't vouch for them personally the reference is from a list compiled by everyday boudoir blogger and former doppel d fitter anja from berlin .
delivery is free for purchases of at least €80 below that the flat rate for delivery within germany is €4.50 .
nta and you might want to reconsider binding yourself financially to this man .
i have n't read the books either but still enjoyed it .
oh wow lmfaooo idk why but that made me chuckle
or maybe just aims at air air behind the cobblestone you are mining so nothing can be mined at all .
dude i did not expect this team to be playing like this .
soon you 'll only be able to use emotes in twitch chat .
lmao oh my god i figured it out right before i saw this comment i 'm an idiot .
i 'd been to her tomb before but just did n't connect the dots !
i get why they do it but seems so wrong for a police/sheriff department to drop mad hashtags like that ... .
do n't forget david stern rang in the new year with his passing .
what a coincidence seeing as they 're not on a battlefield
woah buddy might want to punctuate your paragraph before you pop a blood vessel .
i think you fail to understand why getting rid of delayed attacks would completely undo ubi 's progress towards an offense meta .
if you make all 400ms attacks their buffered speeds you also make all of those 400ms attacks reactable .
making all those attacks reactable means any hero with 400ms attacks now no longer has those attacks as offense .
turtle meta was not exclusively the product of terribly skewed punishes either .
the ease and safety of defensive moves is also a big factor here .
however since you want to argue the effects of overtuned punishes ... that actually proves my point in the above paragraph .
if you get rid of delays and make 400ms attacks reactable they become suicide to use because they then will be punished for 50 damage instead of them maybe being punished for 50 damage .
400ms lights are considered reactable when buffered which is what you want to make them by removing delay .
400ms lights are not inherently safe either because of things like 50 damage light parry punishes .
your last point here is honestly completely hilarious in how delusional it is and the amount olympic-level of mental gymnastics is awe-inspiring .
do you genuinely believe that me and the rest of the community including competitive players are so bad at offense we rely on unsafe 400ms light attacks to cheese opponents who are apparently making reads but being unfairly punished for it by delayed attacks ?
you who thinks that 400ms lights are overly safe who wants to make all 400ms lights reactable in some backwards attempt to let people be rewarded for making reads despite this also making 400ms attacks reactable thereby removing the need to make reads thinks that everyone else is bad ?
if someone is good at reading and countering an opponent they should be rewarded not have their ability to do so artificially reduced because their opponent ca n't keep up
what you are effectively saying in this quote is that you have no idea how the game works or what you 're arguing in favor of .
you say if someone is good at reading '' yet want to remove the need to make reads because you think they 're too hard when you 're likely just bad at making them .
you say because their opponent ca n't keep up '' despite it being the opposite here you ca n't keep up with 400ms attacks .
we do not use the reddit system for assigning flair and currently have it disabled .
unfortunately reddit still shows this link to all users .
there is a button on our sidebar for assigning user flair .
this brings you to a wiki page with instructions .
the user flair system does not work on mobile and must be assigned using a desktop version of old reddit .
this page can also be found here https old.reddit.com/r/collegebasketball/wiki/flair .
let us know if you have any more questions .
i have a phd and 1.5 years of postdoc experience .
recently i got a job offer from a very small biotech startup as a scientist .
i 'm relatively happy with the offer ... 70k plus stock options .
i know that 's within the range you 'd expect for a startup but does anyone have any insight into whether i should negotiate and if so for what amount ?
i live in a large city on the east coast .
after a lot of research and consideration i decided to ask for more and i got an extra 4k !
i forgot to mention originally that the base also includes a 10 performance bonus .
considering it 's my first real '' industry job and it was my first time having to negotiate i 'm pretty happy !
title says it all a year ago i spilled water on the laptop and it would not boot up at times when i press the power button .
generally after a waiting periord of overnight the laptop would turn on when i try it again .
however it 's been a week and methinks it 's gone for good so took the stab at disassembly .
i dissembled it and noticed a little corrosion on the connection on the wiring that connects the mb to the second io piece this secondary io piece also has the power status lights could this corrosion be the culprit ?
when it does turn on the pc runs perfectly .
looking for a notes app where you can create templates that you can fill in as a regular note .
cooldown level 1 is 60 seconds max level 46 seconds .
description causes massive damage that ignores nature resistances and decreases evasion .
cooldown level 1 to max level is 5 seconds .
description spews flames in the surrounding area causing damage and inflicting damage over time effect medium .
cooldown level 1 to max level is 5 seconds .
description creates and explosion causing damage and inflicting darkness effect small .
cooldown level 1 to max level is 6 seconds .
description nullifies attack causing damage to enemies in front decreasing defense and evasion effect small .
i 'm not really wanting to watch the stocks as closely .
what would you suggest for good dividend investments to invest and leave alone ?
in cura there are 3 possible first layer patterns lines zig zag and concentric .
what i 'm wondering is if it would be possible to generate more intricate surface patterns for the first layer .
for instance you could upload an svg and have the nozzle follow that path on the first layer specifically similar to what a laser engraver might do then switch to a standard pattern on future layers where it no longer matters .
the result would be more artistic first layers when the print is removed .
fix the forge system as it 's idiotic that you ca n't access all black armory forges at once and it 's daily .
i 'm trying to do the izanagi 's burden quest and i have to wait every single day to earn a lock from the forge but if it 's the wrong forge i have to wait another day or a day after if it 's still not the right forge so make it so that you can access every forge without waiting a whole day .
below is a list of the deltas awarded in this post r/changemyview/comments/ewfoao/cmv_england_should_give_ireland_back .
please note that a change of view is not necessarily a reversal https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/index wiki_what_is_a_.27view.27.3f and that op awarding a delta does n't mean the conversation has ended .
for a full explanation of the delta system see here https www.reddit.com/r/changemyview/wiki/deltasystem .
1 delta from op to u/thatnogoodgoose for background i 'm an irish person living in the republic of ireland .
i 've been learning about the comp ... '' r/changemyview/comments/ewfoao/cmv_england_should_give_ireland_back/fg3f2te ? context=3
1 delta from op to u/epikcowboy for hey bud irish here .
there are a number of reasons why partition ... '' r/changemyview/comments/ewfoao/cmv_england_should_give_ireland_back/fgc6ucw ? context=3
i have purchased a bunch of sonoff modules to connect at home with home automation and i wanted to tasmotize them and add a temperature sensor to each .
ntc 's are cheap as oposite to the recommended digital temperature+humidity sensors and have the resolution that i believe should be enough to have an idea of the temperature of the different rooms on the house .
the idea of this post is to share my experience and a step-by-step tutorial if any other person wants to do something similar .
you should not attempt this if you do not have a very good soldering hand and the correct equipment .
i will not be held responsible if you mess up !
also ! never ever ever try this with a plugged in module .
so first step would be gathering materials and making some calculations .
in my case i had a few ttc-682 ntc 's laying around so i use these .
the esp8285 has one adc input on pin 6 and it has a maximum input value of 1.0v so we will need a voltage divider from the ntc 's output .
for the polarizing resistor for our ntc according to the datasheet i found the beta value for this thermistor is 4050 .
where i live a temperature between 5ºc and 40ºc is the most likely so i used that as the 'center range'.i loaded this values on an excel file https drive.google.com/open ? id=1i8d2ja89y4sucgilkgyoifzkazinhs5v i created with some calculations .
on the spreadsheet there is a grahpic with the temperature vs output curves .
you will see that the resistor divider voltage output '' the solid blue line has a slight curve .
modifying r1 you can set that curve to be as straight as you need inside your desired temperature range.in my case and this was biased because i already had some resistors laying around 8.06k did the trick.the voltage divider resistors can be modified too i found that 22.1k and 12k gave me the best results also biased because of resistor availability .back to the temperature values you can see that the blue line has a trend line .
the formula for this line is presented in the graphic too .
and if you modify c1 c2 and c3 to match the three terms of that formula the orange line the calculated temperature will adjust .
now i used 3 constants as someone might try to use a quadratic formula to reduce error but in my case this was not needed so c1 is zero .
in my case the trend line was not quite as what i wanted so i slightly modified the values to minimize error on the desired range.as a result my input parameters for the circuit are
i used 0603 resistors as the space we have is tight .
soldering iron with a fine point and 0.5 or 0.75mm diameter soldering wire ! important !
a cleaning sponge for the soldering iron 's tip .
small diameter wires idc wires work great tinted transformer wire is even better .
a small brush for after soldering cleaning i use and old toothbrush .
hot glue gun so that everything stays in place after closing the lid !
on the esp8525 datasheet https www.espressif.com/sites/default/files/documentation/0a-esp8285_datasheet_en.pdf we can see that pin number 6 named 'tout ' is also the adc0 input .
this pin 's functionality depends on what we program inside the module and it can be used to measure either the vcc input or any analog signal from 0v to 1v with an 10-bit resolution 0-1023 .
you can see in the following picture the pin we are talking about .
here is where you realize this is going to be a lvl-surgery soldering task .
solder a very thin wire to pin6 https preview.redd.it/hr5but8355f41.jpg ? width=4032 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=bb282bb8c4003a93237d3b6bd74a53885be898bc
here is a side view of the soldering point https preview.redd.it/w88n9q8355f41.jpg ? width=4032 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=7cd7e493f9991052074028d629d60374cbb909d0
pass the cable through 'c2ck ' pin hole to the other side https preview.redd.it/zki0d39355f41.jpg ? width=3024 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=ee25c7bbdbe25a07e61f1c30f7b72d15b0d195e1
as you might notice the boards fit inside the plastic casing really tight so adding the temperature sensor gets in the way of closing up the thing as it was originaly .
what we need to do is make some room in the back cover .
removing just some plastic where we added the new parts should be enough
here is a link https github.com/arendst/tasmota/wiki/sonoff-tx-t0-touch-1ch-2ch-3ch us to the github page that explains the whole process .
for the connection i made a small adapter so i can insert the programming pins and also leave a ground wire to short r19 to gnd
the red wire is for vcc the last cable has gnd and it has two outputs one for the programming port and one loose to short r19 .
i used long idc pins and i have slightly bent them so they fit tight on the connector .
once you have programmed tasmota.bin to the module you can come back to this page .
using a mobile device scan for wi-fi networks and connect to the sonoff-xxxx access point .
when it connects to the network you may get a warning that there is no internet connection and be prompted to connect to a different network .
do not allow the mobile device to select a different network .
open the browser on your mobile device and navigate to http 192.168.4.1 http 192.168.4.1 .
in the tasmota web ui enter your network 's ssid and password click the checkbox to see the password you enter to ensure that it is correct and that your mobile device has not inadvertently capitalized the first letter if it is supposed to be lower case nor autocorrected what you entered .
when you save the settings the device will restart and connect to your home network .
therefore your mobile device will automatically be disconnected and should connect back to its data network .
check in your router or use an ip scanner to ensure that the device is connected to your home network .
make not of the ip address assigned to your device .
go to new ip address http ip in a browser .
in name '' enter an easy to remember name for you
based on '' is the original module we are modifying so in this case is sonoff t1 3ch 30 '' as i am using the 3 channels version .
select the template we just created should be the first one on the list .
disconnect everything ensamble the module and connect it ! carefully to a power supply .
the module might take some time to appear again but upon reconnecting to your wifi you should see something like this
you should see the 1\/2\/3 buttons and their states you should be able to modify them and hear the relays 'click ' and the reading on analog0 pin !
this should be step 9 dunno how to keep up with the previous list if you have not done already install the 'mosquitto ' broker https github.com/home-assistant/hassio-addons/blob/master/mosquitto/readme.md https github.com/home-assistant/hassio-addons/blob/master/mosquitto/readme.md
log in to your tasmotized sonoff and click configuration configure mqtt
mqtt host enter the address 192.168.xx.yy or hostname of your mqtt broker .
enter setoption19 1 https github.com/arendst/tasmota/wiki/commands setoption19 to enable device auto-discovery .
by default the analog0 value is refreshed every 300seg 5 mins .
if you would like for that time to be more frequent or less you can send the following command teleperiod value where value is the number in seconds between readings .
back on home assistant if you go to configuration integrations and you should see the mqtt broker .
inside you will find your new integrated sonoff and the respective sensors and actuators .
you should try to rename them so you can identify them later when building your interface !
for the analog channel what we need now is to reverse the formula of the ntc so we can obtain real temperature values .
this script adds a new device called '*sensor.master\_room\_temp ' that has the value of '*sensor.tasmota\_analog\_a0\_2 ' divided by 13.33 which is the same as multiplying it with 0.075 and substracts 23.4 which are the values obtained in the excel file before .
you can add this new device with a gauge card in lovelace or a history graph ! if you want to modify the formula take into consideration that anything before the ' ' sign will be passed to the next oepration round 2 as an answer so parenthesis matter .
you can always check if the output of the formula is ok on the template editor under the development tools menu on ha .
i have a headphone that has separate connectors for audio and microphone like most do .
if i am on a discord call people can hear my youtube video .
there 's no way that the volume of my headphones is loud enough for the mic to catch it .
people can literally hear my pc sounds through my mic .
this beautiful 5 bed 2 bath duplex features laundry in the unit .
located in central bed-stuy near the jm kosciusko street train station has all the updated finish you could want .
this room is an affordable option for anyone looking !
although my score was not the greatest 765 a pass is a pass .
i have my a and wanted to just skip net and go for my sec .
the first week i watched all the sec videos by professormesser had to also watch around 10 of his net videos .
i also bought his practice exams and course notes .
i could quickly look up things i was confused on in the course notes .
the practice exams were extremely important to me because it gave a detail explanation why the answer is answer and why the wrong answers were wrong .
i also did all of jason dions practice exams .
i was scoring anywhere from 67-84 on these exams leading up to the exam .
had 5 sbas flagged for review and did those at the end .
sup i 'm new to reddit entirely so idk shit about it
i have a dilemma where i live nobody round here listens to or knows who ecco2k is and i have no one to go to the ecco concert with i was hoping someone lived around leeds and is in the same situation as me ?
if this post should n't be here remove it lol like i said i have no clue how this works
i had my interview on wednesday for a pub chain in the uk called j.d .
got a callback last night from the shift manager telling me that my interview went well and they want me in for a shift today at 6pm .
i 've no experience of working in a pub/bar environment .
i 'm 18 and this would be my first job following moving to university in september .
those who work in pubs/bars preferably wetherspoons what advice would you give to a first timer ?
i am quite nervous as you 'd expect but hope it goes well .
how much does randomness have a say as to who wins ?
i need help in finding things which are fun that do n't involve being sat in front of a computer .
growing up i played a lot of video games but am tired of them now .
i work as a computer programmer and love doing it but would like more variety in my life than just computer-related stuff .
i live in a rural area but sometimes i go into the local city which is nice but i do n't know how to find things to do there .
i 've recently decided to take i huge step in my life and have decided to enroll in trade school with the hopes of starting a career as an electrician .
now that might not seem like much but my circumstances make it a little more out of the ordinary i 'm a female im 30 years old and have 0 background in any kind of trade .
so i can understand why it seems like a choice i 've made totally randomly out of the blue .
but personally for me it 's always been something in the back of my mind that i always thought i wish i could do that '' but i could n't ever see a way to make it happen .
now where i live they 're offering free tafe courses for trades so i finally decided to push myself way out of my comfort zone and apply .
and out of all the applicants i made the cut .
i was really excited and happy that i was taking a step to potentially build a good future for myself .
but the thing that 's really eating away at me is that i have got absolutely sweet fuck all support from any of my family my mum is actually disappointed i 've decided to try this for myself my brother completely dismissed the news and said he gives me 2 weeks a months tops before i bail .
my dad seemed okish ... .neither here nor there really .
i know at my age i should n't let it get to me but it kind of hurts a bit knowing my own family do n't even really believe in me or support decisions i make for myself .
even if it does turn out to be a failure i would 've thought my family would be at least a little bit proud or something i 'm willing to try something like this .
it 's not the first time this has been an issue every time i express wanting to actually do '' something for a career or with my life travel by a certain type of car live in a certain area etc.. my family mum especially always seems so dissapointed that i do n't want to just be happy with what i have and the way things are currently and just accept things and stop trying to do more .
it 's like they think i 'm not actually capable of doing anything and i should just sit quietly and just accept whatever lot in life gets passed my way .
my friends have a realm and i want to join can i ?
after yesterday 's discovery of the drop chart byte i 've updated the mod with quite a few things !
i 'm pretty sure i did this right but if everything is working correctly almost all enemies should now be able to drop their equipment for you .
i was a bit pigeonholed on the chart to use for common enemies like wolves and such .
the one i set them to only drops their unique armor but the drop rate is 100 .
however these armors are n't that spectacular and do n't sell for much so i think it 's no big deal .
in addition to most equipment becoming available i also changed the spell list of some trainers to make it possible to learn spells we never could before .
erromon 's female trainer in the cavern can teach escape the bandit in port saiid now knows naming magic the trainer in mago 's house now teaches necromancy and the two jundar wizards in ugarit now have all the missing star spells covered plus whitefire .
other minor changes giant boars got a speed nerf i was too generous and dire wolves are now poisonous rabies ! .
a few hours ago my friend found a very unique and unbelievably hard to find song that was uploaded on russian social network vk.com https vk.com by unknown person .
we looked through some lyrics off it but nothing like the song 's title of it 's author came up .
re-uploaded to youtube link https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=k4tspozqu4e https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=k4tspozqu4e
i had a renter return the car today it had 63 fuel at check in and 85 at check out .
am i due to return it to them or is it their problem to deal with ?
i have n't found anything else on reddit or turo support asking this and the reimbursement tool does n't offer negatives .
i d like to create a generic filter for inoreader.com to block
where xxx is number always changing is this possible ?
i wanted to hear from anyone 's experience on doing this .
i 'm waiting match results so it 's not for me but i have a friend being offered something on the low end of what google tells us and she does n't know how to push for more without losing the offer .
if someone does n't believe the bible is anything more than a bunch of old texts written by ordinary people they are not going to care what it says and certainly wo n't believe it .
answering their questions or objections with bible verses will just look like you are evading the point .
do you think the text will miraculously convert them even though it has n't in the past ?
just trying to understand the thinking behind it because it is very common but seems pointless or even counterproductive to me .
i placed sticky notes on various co-workers keyboards to see me '' signed by one of the salesmen .
so all throughout the day this salesmen was getting people coming up to him going uhh so what did you need ? ''
all the other people around him were cracking up .
she broke up with him about 2 weeks ago .
they lived together in a house owned by his parents so she 's been crashing on my sofa for this whole time .
she is unemployed can not afford her own place and does not want to live with our parents .
she is also child free and intends to stay that way although she seems to like my kids well enough .
she does n't do laundry does n't cook does n't clean does n't contribute financially .
i do n't expect her to be a live in maid but she 's constantly making a mess and then she looks around and says someone should clean that up '' or when are you going to clean ? ''
like she is n't capable of cleaning up after herself .
i was a stay at home mum when both boys were young then i got a part time job then when the youngest started school i found a full time job .
i have been struggling specifically with picking both boys up at 3pm as i 'm meant to be at work until 5pm .
i have had to arrange to leave work at 2:30 pick up at 3 and then work from home from 3:30 until 6pm to make up for it .
my husband works 6-6 with commute in the next town so he ca n't do pick up or drop off .
i asked my sister about her plans and she said she 's applying to jobs but not having much luck and is thinking about going back to school .
she plans on moving out when she has a few months of pay saved up .
i asked her if she 'd be willing to pick up the boys for me which would enable me to work a regular day until 5pm potentially leaving early and be home and completely done with work before 5:30 .
she would have to pick them up at 3 and sit with them for a couple hours before i got home but at their ages they 're fine sitting quietly with homework playing in the garden or going on their xbox for a bit .
any trouble i am a 15 minute drive away and if she gets a job then i will go back to working from home in the last couple hours .
she said she does n't want to and it 's time out of her day school is a 15 minute walk away so 30 minute round trip and asked if she 'd be paid for it .
i said she 's living with me getting all her food cooked laundry done and i 'm cleaning up after her for free .
i said i 've not asked for anything before now but i could really use some help .
she said that i never said she 'd have to help out if she lived with me and called me entitled .
i got a call from our parents assuming she told them saying that it 's not fair of me to change the requirements for her living here note i never said that not helping means leaving and they think i should apologise and take it back .
i feel like i 'm being perfectly reasonable but no one else seems to think so .
i really hated how pokémon had fixed locations to do the attacks .
now that i 'm playing me i 'm having the same feelings .
the only adventures near me are at an international school and i can not enter the property to do them .
another one further away is at a residential building so the people that live there always have an adventure at their door step .
hi i have a hoobs set up with a raspberry pie three .
i 'm just wanting to know how i can add my successfully flashed dafang hacks camera into homekit using homebridge .
rtsp is fully working on the camera 's end it 's a xiaomi pan camera with dafang hacks on it .
p.s ths rtsp stream is only black and white how do i fix this ?
a link to the cheatsheet can be found here https docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1arze1duqhhbzpvczizbkr-kt-vc9qsoyjfc-yrjxcou/edit ? usp=sharing .
this will give you read-only access to an assortment of different stats for all nba players on fanduel today .
if you are high on fanduel and appreciate a lot of statistical research then i highly recommend taking a look at this spreadsheet .
the spreadsheet 's main focus is on 5-game gm vs .
offensive production averages/ranks for minutes mins usage usg fantasy points fp per minute fp/min
within the 3 buckets above provided below are a few additional key data points
5-game league average/rankings rk for dvp vs a particular position
current season individual rank indv rk of performance vs today 's opponent
last season individual rank indv rk of performance vs today 's opponent
this spreadsheet auto-updates every day to render all nba fanduel matchups .
as this is free to the public anyone is more than welcome to access this spreadsheet however as mentioned above this spreadsheet is read-only .
if you find value in this sheet then feel free to bookmark it as it will be updated daily .
however please note that you will not have access to copy edit sort or filter the data contained in the spreadsheet .
if you would like to have full access to the spreadsheet then please join my slack group here https join.slack.com/t/nba-fd-cheatsheet/shared_invite/enqtody0nju1nzk1nty4lwi3ogrhmme5yzuwmjhjmdeyzwq1mtbhmdhkzjyymtizm2njodi5ntqxmzkxntk4mjfintkzmti4odg0nguzzwe and send me a message directly liam .
paid access will cost 5 per month however if you are not sure or just have questions in general then definitely reach out to me in slack because i 'm more than happy to give you a 2-day free trial of the paid access answer any of your questions .
here is the offers on shein coupon code https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2fshein-coupon-code 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcngvaenrtq_us-p4isxnuvidaq3gya
also there are daily deals sales and offers with coupon codes .
about shein shein is an international fashion e-commerce platform .
the company mainly focuses on women 's wear but it also offers men 's apparel children 's clothes accessories shoes bags and other fashion items .
shein mainly targets europe america australia and the middle east along with other consumer markets .
someone whom i love just died not a romantic partner .
someone who is like a parent to me and i am trying so hard to get through this and everyone says it takes time or that i just need to grieve and it 'll be okay or this is how life is .
i 've been struggling with depression for most of my adult life so getting through things is all i know .
and because of this death and my depression i 've been calling off work and my supervisor has been really supportive but i know i 'm at the point of being fired .
and honestly i should be fired i have not been doing what i should be doing its just hard to function .
i spent a whole day crying and the one person i would go to is dead .
i dont want to do anything rash like follow them but following them seems so much better .
i just got back into the witcher enhanced edition and got to the beast fight .
i took a swallow before the fight and made sure to do it one hour before midnight so it doesnt wear off .
i went into the fight with abigail and ive upgraded aard a fair bit but the beast never gets stunned or when it does geralt doesnt attack it while its down it makes me stay still for 10 seconds to just take damage and for no reason occasionally instant kills me when ive got full health .
is there anything im missing here ive tried 5 times already to beat it
edit finally beat it had to go between the sheds and spam aard then attack it and hide again
here is the b h photo amazon promo code https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2fbh-photo-video-coupon-code 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcngkfbrondxrpfihc_ynuqlsevhzxq
also there are daily deals sales and offers with coupon codes .
about bh photo video b h photo video is an american photo and video equipment retailer founded in 1973 based in manhattan new york city .
b h conducts business through online e-commerce consumer sales business to business sales and its one retail location .
like the title says i 've been experiencing a stinging sensation the past few weeks on and off and it feeling a weird cuz it lasts a few seconds and then goes away .
real sharp stinging for a few seconds but never when i pee no bumps discharge and no other symptoms but the stinging is fucking strange .
here is the off shoulder tops shein coupon code https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2fshein-coupon-code 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcngvaenrtq_us-p4isxnuvidaq3gya
also there are daily deals sales and offers with coupon codes .
about shein shein is an international fashion e-commerce platform .
the company mainly focuses on women 's wear but it also offers men 's apparel children 's clothes accessories shoes bags and other fashion items .
shein mainly targets europe america australia and the middle east along with other consumer markets .
it actually makes cutscenes a part of the gameplay making them not feel intrusive the story is great and the game does n't hold your hand to much .
i thought the music could get grating when wearing headphones though .
i 'm wondering how to interpret the residential requirement for each spouse individually when filing jointly for the gain exclusion .
as far as i know spouses do not need to have the same primary residence to file us federal income taxes jointly ... and they both need to qualify for the residential requirement to get the full 500k gain exemption from the sale of a residence at least one of them owned for at least 2 years and other criteria .
do they have to both be using the residence as their primary residence at the same time for that time to count for the 2 out of 5 year residence requirement.. or can they use it as primary residence at different times than each other as long as both have used it as a primary residence for at least 2 of the 5 years before it is sold ?
i 've been looking at the irs info on this and am still not clear .
if you owned the home and used it as your residence for at least 24 months of the previous 5 years you meet the residence requirement .
the 24 months of residence can fall anywhere within the 5-year period and it does n't have to be a single block of time .
all that is required is a total of 24 months 730 days of residence during the 5-year period .
unlike the ownership requirement each spouse must meet the residence requirement individually for a married couple filing jointly to get the full exclusion .
since it says that each spouse must meet the residence requirement individually '' to get the full mfj exclusion does that mean they can have different dates of residential use than each other as long as both have the 2 year total in the last 5 years ?
here is a scenario with a couple of variations where this would be relevant to help make my question a bit more tangible
a and b are married own more than one residence and file their federal taxes jointly .
b has more reason to prefer their primary residence/domicile in one state and a has reason to prefer their primary residence/domicile in another state .
they want to know if they can take turns domiciling at the residence they plan to sell in the next 5 years and still get the 500k sale of primary residence gain exclusion .
say b domiciles at the residence for the first two years while a domiciles in a different state and residence and then b domiciles elsewhere during the other 3 years of the last 5 years before the sale .
and say a domiciles at that residence for a different 2 years of those 5 years.. sometime in the 3 years while b is n't domiciling there .
if they can qualify individually then they 'd qualify for 2 of the 5 years each but if they have to have both domiciled there at the same time they would n't have qualified for any of those 5 years .
or say a domiciles there in years 1 2 while b domiciles there in years 2 3 .
if they can qualify individually then they 'd qualify for 2 of the 5 years each but if they have to have both domiciled there at the same time they 'd only have 1 of the 5 years year 2 when they were both domiciling there .
here is the b h photo albums promo code https www.google.com/url ? q=https 3a 2f 2fpickedbox.com 2fcoupon 2fbh-photo-video-coupon-code 2f sa=d sntz=1 usg=afqjcngkfbrondxrpfihc_ynuqlsevhzxq
also there are daily deals sales and offers with coupon codes .
about bh photo video b h photo video is an american photo and video equipment retailer founded in 1973 based in manhattan new york city .
b h conducts business through online e-commerce consumer sales business to business sales and its one retail location .
recently started getting a message no aux '' on the stereo display .
i have an aux cord from the center console that i plug into my phone to play pandora .
the cord is still good but i did try another cord .
its like the stereo doesnt think aux is equipped or something .
i need 10 more of his materials and his drops are being super stingy ... out of lures and my rotted is at level 1 right now .
ipv6 is n't available in my area is it ok to leave ipv6 enabled ?
tl dr own japanese copy of kh3 but with us psn account .
ca n't buy remind for jpn game so i 'm gon na buy a us copy
will my save data transfer between copies since it 's the same game on the same update or will i need to replay the game again ?
love to have a beer with you some time friend
do you have experience with software engineering and what is your skill level ?
you are absolutely correct that making an operating system especially one capable of dynamic memory management multithreading etc .
hell even implementing a basic unix file system is quite challenging and should n't be underestimated .
anyway i totally think you should go for it but some quick thoughts first .
your question kind of is flipped in my opinion you should be very very comfortable in c c before you tackle making a vm or operating system .
for example take a look at the cs107 cs110 and cs140 from stanford university in that order .
that are listed in cs107 and cs110 you could probably try your hand at making a basic operating system which is covered in cs140 .
i think sometimes the professors will even post their videos/screencasts online but you can always just google these old recordings of the courses on youtube try to see if you can find ones taught by jerry cain .
you can also just download the assignments and try to complete them in order as they tackle complex low level design problems in an incremental fashion .
the assignments will also correspond with youtube videos you can find online they 've been the same even since i was an undergrad .
i think people will probably try to dissuade you from trying to take something like this on .
i would say if you are willing to put in the work to learn the foundation the exercise will 100 be worthwhile .
many companies would find it very attractive if you were able to show them an operating system or vm that you decided to build in your free time .
and if you are doing it simply because you are curious and you love learning new things.. even better !
yeah lol masochism is the way to go for me
who told everyone that another little person was inside me working me with controls ?
this attitude is why you and op never tried anything and must have sucked at sports .
if guys like you had your way nadal djokovic federer andy should have retired in their 20 's .
i jumped because it was my first time playing dark souls and i was playing with my brother and he said a message there says jump maybe there 's a secret .
even though he fully knew it was just death .
it 's great that you 're accepting the situation .
acceptance is the first step to change keep on affirming that everything will only get better from here .
they are forced to do it to rank by system and queues .
ironically my power went out on vacation and someone came to clean up the freezer mess while we were away .
he removed the tray to help it dry and closed the door .
entire freezer filled with ice when we got home .
everything beyond the blue table is green screen including the box
so typing out loud here to try to find any issues .
i am not summarizing first because as creator you may have insight based on what i am intuiting .
1 yes i have no reason to rush to get multiple tokens in an area before my opponent does .
i think your first player advantage assessment is correct .
creating a streak is good and may need to be hard countered when possible .
once you get a streak of 3 1 money if i have not already blocked at least one side you get 2 money the following turn .
from the sound of it at 5 in a row you have actually gotten 6 money total 1 2 3 and can now buy 1 square .
3 buying yourself into a streak is something people will have to look for .
yellow dots are not just walls they mean more than that which players need to keep in mind !
a money centric approach has an advantage which again goes to first player because you can literally buy the advantage .
4 i think you need to give the second turn player some kind of advantage but that is going to take some work .
if for example you gave a free piece or allowed playing two pieces once you end up with the problem flipping .
i 'd like to propose something to play with mid game shuffle .
after the 10th turn each player will place tokens as follows 1st player 2nd player 2nd player 1st player .
it is not a perfect solution but because there is a potential to max out on funds throwing more money at it may or may not go well .
5 money should be planned to be spent very early on .
i have no advantage to sitting on money which encourages buying into a streak .
if i get 6 money chain of 5 and i can buy an independent to get 4 back i should do that as a self feeding cycle .
ideally if player perfectly you can save your own buying step till end of game .
6 keep in mind what happens if buying into streaks happens late .
if i can find 2 independents in a row as part of my streak i may get a full refund and a lot of last minute districts will flip which i like .
overall i like the idea of the game and the abstractness .
putting something into the middle of the game to allow people to mess with things gives a chance to think .
some people may say i will put independents in front of opponents strikes '' but now you have given them a way to buy into a streak .
independents can be used to lock districts as wins .
in the above example line 2 has 7 spaces so you win majority at 4 .
if i get to 3 though and opponent is n't there yet i can use independents to try to close '' the district to another majority .
a give a starting point bonus as someone else noted .
b at the end of the game allow player 2 to substitute 1 independent district token for one of theirs potentially turning the advantage at the last moment ... if you played for the advantage .
you can allow buying or not allowing buying after this piece is placed in case of streak .
player 2 at any time can place a black token on the board once .
this space can not be bought and counts for neither side .
ngl was hoping that was something more than a fresca .
there were six arrows initially diavolos held and then destroyed upon polpos death and 5 given to enya way back when .
those 5 get moved around a lot but polnareff gets one and that arrow becomes the one being sought after once polnareff returns to the plot .
it was the key to beating the boss because kc is op ?
for requiem to be applied the name we assume it requires the stand itself to be pierced not just the user .
bitesa dasto is a product of kira himself being pierced again not his stand .
made in heaven is a product of completely different process than requiem hence the bone nonsense and kennedy space center and 'gravity ' and all that shit .
i do n't think this arrow was special either really it was just convenient
i vaguely remember vdv backing janssen to be a hit as well
i think you are the lost redditor as this is just a random post from the internet no sign of reddit and does n't have anything with r/whitepeopletwitter
but what if they made us citizens prosecute each other ?
you mean snitch on one another to the secret police ?
americans already do that today they get in trouble they rat out their friends and family to keep their ass out of prison .
i get what you mean with people of prominence but with a growing population a cull will be needed and this seems to be an easy place to start .
you never know large population can come in handy look at china billions of people to provide cheap labor for the elites .
on the porn thing most people use their phones which have cameras so isnt that a pretty hard thing to just say it wasnt you ?
they can say the video/audio has been doctored they were not looking at porn .
as a black man i look at porn on my laptop larger screen must be because i am old school like that .
i dont have the games any more since it was stolen .
either way whatever i had before was lost i guess .
i am planning on just using the 2.99 plan since i dont use it often just for transfering stuff from older games .
whew i 'm in the middle of this actually i 'm like one step ahead of you .
i just recently started my meds no job super young could barely keep my apartment clean .
well it 's been about a month or more on my meds i 'm better at cleaning not insanely better but better !
when i was 8 some chick ended up knocking my tooth out on the playground .
had to get it fixed but we were broke so we went to a cheap dentist from church .
long story short the tooth came out after one root canal had to get a second one .
do n't spend an extra grand for something that might make it look 1 better .
i think it 's just a really weird sounding dog .
i think he 's mainly talking about the range of the augs
obviously it 's not made to be useful just interested .
mainly because fantasy is one of the most expensive genres and also one of the hardest to pull off .
she sounds lovely and i 'm happy you both learned and cater to each other .
i 'm also happy to hear you both have conflict not because conflict is bad but because conflict can be very healthy .
i noticed my lowest-conflict relationships ended up the worst .
hearing your initial conflicts became mutual understanding and appreciation makes me very happy .
i would be more upset about the not wanting any more kids vs. her not wanting to work .
i do n't know what cnas make where you 're from but where i 'm from it 's 8-12 an hour depending on where you work ... that 's not missing out on much and i would rather be at home with my kids as well if that 's the situation honestly .
but being that they are n't biologically yours i can see why it would bother you .
tbf ridnour was on like 5 teams in 1 day .
the uae can easily collect income taxes to pay for the roads india can not .
instead the uae use a toll system that acts as a usage tax which in this case is very regressive .
it hurts poor people mainly foreigners much more than the rich mainly emiratis .
i do n't think the burden lies on the individual to justify why violence should not be used against them i believe the burden is on the party threatening violence .
to start i will consider societies claims on the fruits of individual 's labor when itemized invoices are provided to individuals for their use of public benefits .
i have no qualms providing such to the level required by those i request payment from so i expect the same when others request payment of me .
and i know couples that have been together since high school in the 90s .
my kid has had one bf ever since 2014 and i can name at least 2 of her friends who are married to their hs boyfriends .
maybe you just do n't have the same luck or are not picking the right girls but it is not like they do not exist .
it 's not too far off from chasing amy or something but maybe with an added nuclear weapons metaphor ?
a version of chasing amy with nuclear weapons sounds like an amazing movie and i 'd watch it .
typo i bet second year fiddy percent you meant rite ?
i 'm not super sure as well but now you just gave more strength to the thought of really being neutral 🙏 thank you
the parents are probably suing because of the hospital bills the insurance same reason and the hospital does n't have to because it just sends out bills .
take money out of the system and all of that goes away .
so it is overclocked you are looking for help but do n't want help because you already know the answer ?
removing the oc would n't even take 2minutes and when it comes to troubleshooting you cross out things that can cause this to narrow in where the problem lies .
the last thing i can think of is that you use an asus mainboard and the realtek drivers from asus 's website instead of the official realtek homepage .
some account i was following on instagram changed their name to cwruinvasion and is posting alien pictures there too .
i do n't know what account it was though .
does anybody know or know a way to find out ?
i am asking as my scale is telling me my muscles got bigger since playing 1,5
belinelli is just exposed italian media bevause first pages are for cristiano ronaldo and not for kobe
have n't bought into the jeannine hype yet and mark reilly is past it imo
if you 've taken basic middle school history you should know thay
you 're not exactly responding the way you should .
a 2017 study published in the annals of intensive care found that higher nurse staffing ratios were tied to decreased survival likelihood .
the analysis of 845 patients found that patients were 95 percent more likely to survive when nurses followed a hospital-mandated patient-nurse ratio.
a link to said study is in this article .
you do n't understand the medical world and that 's fine but do n't say things are fine without properly informing yourself first .
my sister sells them in sac and i 'd be willing to deliver ! ! !
one of that same color was the first exotic i ever found and just yesterday i found another one like it and those were the only squids i 've ever seen .
you want to make sure the new water is the same temperature as your tank give or take a couple degrees .
i 'm running rx 570 as well played through all of sekiro twice at pretty solid 60fps no stuttering at all .
only fps drops were around 50 fps fountainhead palace at ashina endgame when the castle gets invaded dozens of npcs fighting each other .
played through dark souls 3 myself several times already no fps issues at all .
you 'll get stuttering if you do n't have dual channel .
the amount of people i 've had to refer to customer care to have a remote sent to them is sad .
the eyewitness reports made it sound like they were hovering at just a few mph when they crashed .
that made it sound like they 'd have all died in the fire which is way more horrifying than any other options .
it was a reheat the dab was in the bottom my guy .
i 'm not going to heat the whole banger when i 'm literally warming it back up slowly cause i do n't want the butane to combust and i want the rest of my dab .
after this it was q tipped out and good as new .
i know how to heat a banger your just lacking context .
with the exception of leganes coming close at the very onset of the game we 've been looking much better .
they 're two shades of the same nationalist shite imo .
the renewed push for scottish independence by the snp was inevitable after brexit mate .
theyve been angling since the 19th of september 2014 for another go .
a long period without elections is what 's needed .
scotland has had 9 elections/referendums in the last 8 years .
this will be our first since 2013 without one .
do you think a grown man should be sexting a 17 year old who he only has contact with because she 's a fan of the company he works for ?
not only is he taking advantage of her because of her age compared to his but he 's also taking advantage of the family friendly '' promotion he worked for .
this was n't just some random 17 year old he found on facebook .
edit this was voted down by at least 2 people suggesting at least two chikara fans are perfectly fine with grown men trying to have sex with children .
msi he didnt really take the 1v1s that were bad for him like that .
flashbacks to tower dives vs jensen while he was winning lane
definitely a bit of craps at msi another example is the azir game vs skt which admittedly is also partly draft but at worlds he was fantastic and ca n't really put the blame on him for really any lost game he and perkz were consistent unlike their other teammates .
i agree and the best part was that it only cost me 4.50 and was already halfway grown .
a placebo effect wo n't heal you physically but if your issue stems from mental stress a placebo can actually do a lot for you .
that said you have to believe that it will work or else you wo n't receive a benefit from it .
adam conover did a podcast episode on the placebo effect how people are studying it 's effects and benefits how a lot of placebo surgeries take place etc .
the whole thing really got me to rethink the placebo effect and where i use to sort of sneer at the idea i now see it as helping a lot of people .
granted it wo n't fix your cancer or anything but if it 's harmless to you and it helps you mentally then why not do it ?
so ... . elon did not say a couple of months it would be released to end users
he 's always been talking about end-user release for feature-complete fsd .
this is n't helpful ... sometimes he might be sometimes he is not ...
i do n't even think he is thinking about this most of the time .
your submission has been automatically removed because the title does not include one of the required tags wts wtb wtt discuss psa pricecheck services bugs other blackmarket giveaway concern scam alert offtopic store or bump
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/starcitizen_trades if you have any questions or concerns .
also have a huge german ethnic community here in central texas in the hill country area i can imagine several wanted to return .
most of towns here even have german names dating back to the 19th century .
the unexpected loud noise blasted my speakers and hurt my ears incredibly .
at least put a warning in the title or something .
that late scene in downfall always bugged me where the protagonist is walking away from the bunker and tells her little boy companion to not make eye contact with the arriving red army soldiers .
watching it i thought to myself those men do n't need eye contact to take advantage of a lone woman in a wasted city .
it might look stupid but having vests on your children during surge warnings might help .
they knew the warnings but one still got them .
that just shows that knowledge alone is n't enough .
but i can surely start an engine of leopard 1
i had this nomination pop up in my queue as well 🤣
hell yes we 're going to take your more extreme ideas !
if it eats all your lunch it 'll carry a bunch
fuck off with this bullshit idiotic eternally reposted bullshit .
if she goes then someone else will step in .
yes but will they be as capable a politician as she is ?
i 'm no snp supporter mostly because i live in the west midlands but from where i sit she 's easily the best of the party leaders in the uk at the moment .
if she 's replaced by someone that 's not nearly as competent and experienced as she is then independence will be that much harder to push through .
and all of this gives the opposition parties extra ammunition at the next holyrood election .
having 'snp ' and 'rapist ' associated in the electorate 's minds is going to be a massive weight around their neck .
does not apply when replying to this stickied comment .
what this means please keep any meta '' discussion directed at specific users mods or r/conspiracy in general in this comment chain only .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/conspiracy if you have any questions or concerns .
i was only a day and a half away from not getting any pairs for the whole month of january but then i found a deeply discounted pair of am90 camowabbs .
my first issue with religion '' is that i do not think any gods exist .
my second issue with religion '' is that religious believers invariably try to inflict their beliefs on me one way or another .
i breath through my mouth if i had to place a percentage on it probably 85 of the time .
if i 'm breathing through my nose eventually i 'll get the feeling of not getting enough air in so i automatically switch to mouth breathing .
there 's no way i can breath like a normal person through my nose while laying down .
complete blockage on whatever side i 'm sleeping on and partial blockage on opposite side .
unfortunately you do not yet have enough karma to post .
in the meantime feel free to post your oc memes to r/specialsnowflake to hang out with the other plebs
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i read the mega thread but it went dead 3 months ago .
is no one gon na mention that this is gon na be released on a wednesday
always stay after mos eisley palace hangar is right after that
my opinion is that she was horribly insensitive to bring up your child .
and her best friend is completely off base to suggest that you should be over it or one your way to being over it after 6 years .
doing 16:8 i 'm 8 days in and down 3.8 lb today what i was weighing on average before i started !
i know a decent amount is water weight but i love waking up every morning feeling leaner i have n't been bloated in a week !
i 'm feeling great and satisfied food wise every day..
i even i chose to start my fast 3 hours early yesterday because i was still full so i went with a cup of tea instead of a snack .
it was a small win but it felt good to know i have that self control and ability to listen to my body !
i asked about the tail only because some combination of my cat 's recessive genes with her mixed breed caused her to have a really stubby tail it 's like two inches long .
you will find areas with wild germans but that 's about it .
im at the gym rn but it 's giving me something to think about and reconsider my stances between sets
the fitnessgram pacer test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that gets more difficult as it continues .
he 's in beaverton which is where the nike hq is located .
on his recent instagram post there 's a lot of nike related things like the nike watch and the tick with the caption spelling idea ... .
• a new nike shoe collaboration there 's a rumor floating on twitter about it .
i failed a class to avoid a girl that did this
whether that 's on the scale of room mating renting an apartment or heck owning a whole entire house .
anyways is there something that you prefers to do better ?
pretty sure it 's just a list of releases .
yes i very much know about the illness stated in the first comment but now onto the second comment .
the girl died from voluntarily messing up her body as said by you and that shows the impressionable youth that it is essential to be truthful .
that shows the youth more than this sub ever will .
do n't forget to account for hoa fees insurance taxes and closing costs .
search around for reputable mortgage companies and get pre-approved .
i always pictured dean blaine as the dean from community .
that sounds painful to be denied the sympathy you deserve .
i now realize that i 'm very lucky that i have a mother who acknowledges my problems .
i always wondered that it 's a great bit of many one picks up from watching lebowski way too many times
edited to make the ca n't wait less passive aggressive .
it 's a really cool show ... sort of supernatural .
i do n't have any advice as i 've never had the injection but i have had atrocious experiences with hormonal birth control so much now i consider it poison for me to ever try again .
talk to your doctor of course but you might just need to ride it out whilst practising maximum self care and remember that it 's not forever and it will get better one day .
haha yeah that sounds like a very specific circumstance .
once again deflecting the conversations we had one month ago where you ignored my comments about grooming .
shall i copy and paste them a third time ?
here it is now it 's the third thread where i 'll put this while you ignore it
i asked you because you did not seem to know what it is and because your arguments still ignore the nature of grooming it shows you still do n't seem to be able to know .
grooming is n't just setting up a meeting with a kid .
how can you dismiss acusations of grooming if you do n't know what it is ?
you say that no boys saying that nothing happened proves mj is innocent because if they talk according to you it means they were not groomed once again you do n't know what this word means so this makes no sense .
on the other hand you say that boys talking means mj was a bad groomer and therefore he could n't have done it so whether people talk or not it proves he is inocent ?
so no matter what evidence shows up you twist it to make mj look innocent .
here 's a link about the subject i 'll take some partf of it break it down and compare it to mj and his special friends and neverland my comments are in italics i bolded some parts that fit particularly well .
stage one contact and introduction – unless the predator is a relative or legal guardian of a child he must first cultivate a relationship with the victim .
if the predator is not using the internet he will negotiate with the parents for alone time with the child this is made easier by some religious and social organizations with the predator using otherwise wholesome and mostly blameless institutions to get a child alone mj was seem as wholesome and innocent but also kept many activities and institutions where he had access to children ... some predators will pose as talent scouts to gain access to children with special abilities in the arts or sports some will lure children they already know into their homes mj searched for talented young actors and dancers and invited them into his home where he promised to help them as well as provide them with a good time ...
stage two relationship-building – once the predator has introduced himself whether in person or online he will work to become that child 's ideal friend – he will be quick find out what the child likes and dislikes enthusiastically expressing agreement and paying the child many compliments love-bombing .
mj was always showing love and affection to the boys he invited to neverland and was just like a child himself in his interests and activities who would n't want to have a friend like that as a kid ?
he will learn about and exploit any tension or disagreement with other adults your parents make you go to bed at ten ?
that 's so lame or your folks are so mean to you ! – any variations on these sentiments and more are used to drive a wedge between the child and any protecting adult .
neverland was designed to be a child 's paradise where they did not have the rules they had in school or in the real world with other adults kids will always prefer to be in a place like that than in the outside world
stage three testing and desensitizing boundaries – part of the gradual process of the abuser to test the child 's personal boundaries using a push and pull dynamic to draw the child in alternately pushing into their personal space and then pulling away before the child realizes why they feel uncomfortable .
slowly the predator will make the child used to more intimate expressions of affection touching an appropriate area – such as an arm or shoulder – first simply getting the child used to contact and the encroachment into their personal space .
sleeping in the same bed even if at first nothing sexual happened
stage four honeymoon exclusive relationship – now that the relationship has been established the predator will draw the child in using the language of romance love and affection making the target feel unique treasured and unconditionally supported ... all exchanges will end positively – farewells will be filled with love and pet names applehead anyone ? ...
stage five our dirty little secret – here the child falls completely under the spell of the abuser the child may still be gaslit to believe that the relationship is consensual but the honeymoon is over and the gifts that the predator lavished upon them earlier now come with a price. ...
often the secrets confessed and the embarrassing information gleaned during the relationship-building stage will be used to coerce child into this and other further humiliations and acts of sexual servitude .
if the child has not been removed from the reach of any protective influence and could still possibly tell a parent or teacher about the abuse the predator will have to use fear guilt and obligation to keep the child silent and compliant throughout the ordeal – which might last for years .
'why did they say nothing happened only to go back and say that things did happen ?
because they were groomed the predator will use gaslighting to convince the child that this is their choice even when the nastier bits of the relationship scare or disgust them .
the predator will be careful to keep the victim confused alternating cutting guilt with sugary romance many times the language addressing the actual sexual abuse is veiled in romantic terms or in code phrases intended to minimize the effect of the horrors described .
although many victims will believe during the abuse that they are the center of attention most predators are serial repeat offenders they will have a stable of victims .
there is nothing special in the relationship they have been coerced and abused through the grooming process .
she gets a lot of these comments even on her youtube channel .
on her last yt video nier automata 2b cosplay i read a lot of comments like your body is so sexy .
you need to do more videos like this '' and i think you need a full body mirror that way you could show the cosplay better and it would be a lot easier for you too .
like yeah ... that 's really what she needs ... 🤦‍♀️
i think she really needs to get of social media because with these comments she will never get better .
sometimes it 's really hard to even find some normal comments on her videos .
ill probable get downvoted into oblivion but this is one example of joke i feel doesnt hold up well .
even if it is your female friend that feels very wrong to do .
i originally felt this when he was on the hawks and then after their sb win i read some profiles of him and realised how fucking smart he is and it became a grudging respect .
he knows exactly what he 's doing and has good reasons .
he might be my favourite player of the last decade .
does n't hurt he 's on the niners but i was starting to think that way before he joined us .
the mapdesign is flawed perfect spawns ca n't change that ...
these will often load faster but google 's amp threatens the open web https www.socpub.com/articles/chris-graham-why-google-amp-threat-open-web-15847 and your privacy https www.reddit.com/r/amputatorbot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot .
this page is even entirely hosted on google 's servers !
you might want to visit the normal page instead https www.cnn.com/2018/03/01/asia/china-letter-ban-trnd/index.html https www.cnn.com/2018/03/01/asia/china-letter-ban-trnd/index.html .
​ i 'm a bot why about https www.reddit.com/r/amputatorbot/comments/ehrq3z/why_did_i_build_amputatorbot mention me to summon me !
judging by the fact that you think accent can be conveyed through plain text and are confusing german and english i 'd say you voted leave ?
i understand your logic and am inclined to agree but i think this stems from a concern that the rate at which misinformation spreads has increased with the advent of the internet social media fake news and the like and the harm it can do increases as well .
i honestly do n't think we have a future where this wo n't be a major political concern .
this was posted and gained lots of traction a month ago
this post has been removed because it is an off-topic submission .
please make sure your post is relevant to twoset and/or classical music !
yes it 's so rewarding when you 're able to hit it .
the vote to leave was overwhelmingly elderly while mostly young people and millenials voted to remain .
i am quite sure that in 15 years a most of leavers will be dead .
from 25 i would say since you hit him with a little combo before using the fs no ?
even the socket looks shocked you forgot to turn it on
you need n't display any level of competency critical thinking or legal understanding to be a juror .
it varies from state to state however i believe in most places one need n't even be able to read .
could be anywhere from 75k 200k based on how bad someone wants it .
i 'd make you a good offer if you ever decide to trade .
my issue is mainly vocal fatigue i 'm worried about long term damage to quality and health of voice cause by constantly straining not largely my ability to make and present a passing voice .
my 'voice ' the one that feels correct that is automatically subconsciously pitch shifted too when i speak is much higher than the high androgenous/low feminine pitch of say scarlet johansson in keeping with your example .
i pass vocally ... until fatighe and strain sets in you feel ?
i momenterially considered yeson familurised myself with their approach thorougherly researched .
imho i 've chosen a less traumatic equally effective functionally identical procedure with arguably the best surgeon for this type of procedure in australia .
in australia we have trans friendly goverment and private healthcare .
not to mention there is no way my insurance would cover surgery in korea let alone the addition cost of flights .
saw this the other day a bike cop was on the highway checking for people using phones he sat behind some fuck holding up the right lane for minutes then just continued on after they finally moved over .
at least light them up until they move over then keep going so they at least realise they 're in the wrong .
if gpu usage is higher than the cpu then gpu is your limiting factor but like i said it depends how many games are gpu limited or cpu limited .
personally i think the cpu upgrade would be the better route as it would provide less sudden drops on fps then get a new gpu when you have the money
thanks for the advice man it means a lot .
i 've been doing unity for over a year now on and off making honestly 2d platformers i 'm going to focus on learning more about c and the fundamentals of vr development .
yes eggs are likely to be very different during different time of the year and brand i remember some brand also for a time their large '' eggs had two yolks in a single egg and it was with all in the tray
as zelensky mentions pact that carved up poland and started world war ii ...
what about the pact https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/munich_agreement that carved up czechoslovakia in 1938 ?
i 'd argue that this was the pact that gave hitler free reign and essentially started the war .
the molotov-ribbentrop '' pact was just an end result of all the other countries in europe signing similar pacts https theduran.com/7-non-aggression-pacts-and-treaties-signed-by-european-countries-with-nazi-germany with hitler beforehand both england and france refusing to create an anti-hitler '' coalition with the soviets and japan an ally of gemany already fighting against the soviets at khalkhin gol https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battles_of_khalkhin_gol at the time .
sorry about that também pensei que não se adequava a 100 mas não vi necessidade de fazer um post sobre isto mas para a próxima espero até amanhã p conversa da treta .
sim essa é a ideia que tenho também mas sei lá custa-me imenso saber que consigo desempenhar bem a minha função e não o fazer apenas porque as empresas apontam ao mediocre e não à excelência lógico que não estou a dizer que faço um trabalho 100 correcto há dias em que também não me esforço tanto .
for the people saying their is no way to go around it there is !
theres a thing women can develop called bacterial vaginosis .
we have good and bad bacteria in our vagina and if its out of sync you get bv or thrush yeast infection .
you can get either of these from excessive cleaning or the wrong soap .
if you know a girl who has the issue approach it as a medical issue .
asking is she uses soap unbalanced ph soap or cleans too much comes across way better than telling her she does n't clean properly .
both can be easily treated and you can talk to her about changing her routine .
you 're cleaning too much try this '' is going to hurt way less .
even if she is n't cleaning you 'll be giving her advice on how to .
i feel like you 're meaning to reply to comments but you 're clicking the wrong button .
you 're posting from a very new account try re-posting later .
unfortunately we 're so popular we have absurdly dedicated trolls so we have to do this .
do n't spam post or your account will be banned for longer than the age restriction .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/wc3 if you have any questions or concerns .
illaoi pretty hard to dodge skills while you are trying to farm under your tower because she can make waves disappear in 1.5 seconds .
and while other champions get vulnerable if they constantly do that the enemy jungler is vulnerable if he tries to punish illaoi for doing so .
eve she is okay on average hands but has too much carry potential on the right ones .
talon please just point out one way to stop talon getting fed .
but be aware i can only control my mouse though .
so that means three separate local files on the three pcs right ?
if so how do all three files stay in sync ?
and what if you manually enter a transaction on one pc ?
how would the other pcs stay in sync with that ?
eh do n't really want to go through the process of selling my car i 've dinged it up so i 'd not get much for it anyway .
motorbike is 100 a fun factor thing i 'd like to be able to reduce their cost but i do n't really want to part with them
you 'd have to do the research but nist recommends against time-based password expiration and only expiring passwords if there is evidence of a breach .
they also recommend against password complexity rules and instead focus on a longer minimum length and heavy use of mfa .
if nist is too risky i think the stanford password requirements system is the best if you can implement it .
i 've never heard of ssh keys bring rotated on a regular basis so this probably is n't a thing most people and organizations need to do .
i could see it for specific processes at an organization with high security requirements though .
edit my organization is still old school with password requirements .
regular rotation minimum length upper lower special characters etc etc .
baker is the only female that 's wrestled more than riho since aew started .
that 's one of the luckiest i 've ever seenn congratulations 🥳🥳
yea they fought for flight ended up settling on that ability
it may be intended by the person who installed it to be locked but the intent of the human who installed it is irrelevant to the function of both the gate and the deadbolt .
the fact that there is a key is only indicative that the device functioning as a latch in this instance happens to have been designed as a lock for a door without holes in it for people to reach through .
i do rock paper scissors and shoot so yea still 5 steps
no no no it 's a crisis '' and urgent '' no one would back a motion with emergency '' in it !
... ... ... .maybe it couod be salvaged if it were 20 vodka .
the theory is that oden is alive and that the hag was boiled as oden camouflaged
oh ok then i just meant that people from the private sector also support the protests and participate in them mainly on weekends .
is the second and first monitor the same size ?
the team at vsi is working around the clock to optimize the vip experience .
it is a visual experience program designed to reduce vss symptoms .
it will be accessible via a desktop computer through our website .
it will require about 10–20 minutes of viewing visual imagery per day .
the vip involves cgi computer experts as well as a collaboration between neuroscientists and researchers .
the vsi wants to provide an optimum user-friendly experience .
when launched the vip will be free for everyone .
in trials it has helped some reduce a cross section of their vss symptoms .
we hope this will be a helpful form of therapy .
but rest assured if it does not work for you all other areas of vs research are being covered .
as this information develops you can look forward to more updates on our website and through our social media channels .
as of now we are expecting late january or early february .
oftentimes they are to be expected as we learn more about this condition and try to create an optimum experience .
in addition if there is another promising area of research worthy of directing attention to we will refocus our energies to achieve the best results for all .
we do plan to do the dave ramsey plan for paying off smaller debt first .
what you 're saying about savings makes a lot of sense .
combined we barely cover 3 months of expenses with our savings and that is scary to think about considering our family is growing .
the grocery expense is really high and i agree the water is super frivolous .
just wondering if i should buy and hold long is now a buy the dip moment or nah
those are just numbers your beauty ca n't be measured so easily ... . what is the measurement for stunning ?
i just think it 's weird that in a time where we actively try to end racism it 's commonly accepted to have these subreddits that effectively highlight differences that should n't matter
and with ceballos seemingly on the way out amn will presumably replace him as a cm for the rest of the season opening up that rb cover role .
unfortunately you do not yet have enough karma to post .
in the meantime feel free to post your oc memes to r/specialsnowflake to hang out with the other plebs
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
i have n't but it 's too specific to be a mechanical fault with the cable
you could make it a side project and perfect your coding skills while modifying the fork .
by the time you 're done you 'll be paying premium because you will see how much work it actually is .
come on i know there is multiple someones in publishing with access to that manuscript america would love to see it leaked .
she did nothing to dispel the accusations of sexism when they were clearly baseless .
her campaign and surrogates were undoubtedly helping cnn make its point about bernie the sexist .
and arguing about it on a hot mic right after the debate was entirely uncalled for and a bad look for a presidential candidate ostensibly interested in getting progressive policy pushed through first and foremost .
you do n't get to make claims that you then immediately undercut .
and voluntaryism is reducible you the axiom of all human interactions are voluntary so nobody is forced to associate .
unlike gundam vs where you have much safer ways for landing in neutral
in all versions of extreme vs you have to really earn your landings
use terrain obstacles distance boosting right before a landing or blocking the best of your ability
yeah i remember my cousin lived not far enough to carry with a car but far enough to be a painful 5 minutes while i carried the monitor .
and it 's been much longer than 10-15 years that the east end in these areas has been just as populated .
with most of the proposed underground construction being done in saint leonard .
there are other factors like population density zoning changes etc .
that you may bring up but the fact of the matter is that it is more feasible and makes more sense to be doing it right now than i 'm sure it did back then .
everyone likes to say we should 've done this 40 years ago . ''
well the political climate of the 70 's and 80 's kind of scared away any sort of real investment from private and public funding alike .
you can very easily test this by linking 2 spells to coc with a very low aps and just look how it will always alternate the spells being casted even if you 're only critting once every 5 seconds .
i 've read on here many times and also from personal experiences that usually the worst is over in 3-4 days .
i mean ya i never felt 100 in that amount of time but after that it was just minor things and mainly fatigue lethargic feeling .
i always thought statistics class was unnecessary to my life .
everyone seems to do it these days and i 'm not a fan of it .
a lot of artists will take all of the songs they have released in the past two or three years and include them on a album with a couple of new songs .
i do n't like this as i do n't want songs from 2016 or 2017 on a 2019 or 2020 i want current songs .
i 'm sure they have other current songs that they could have included instead of all of these old songs .
i 'm afraid that when ava max 's album comes out it will be nothing more than a collection of singles with a few new songs added to it .
oh it does people just wo n't do it cause they 're scumbags
watch out for frame traps since people will try to jump out they will give you a small gap and try to hit you jumping out .
either wait until they think your going to block the whole string to try the jump out or go for a reflect .
you can always try and guard cancel too before he gets to the part of the pressure where you have to guess throw or frame trap
this is a reminder that we have a r/minecraftmemes discord server https discord.gg/pvbncbd where you can share memes discuss minecraft talk to the mods and just hang out !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/minecraftmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
hanks badge says ‘department of justice ' not ‘dea ' .
i saw it on ebay for 120.00 but man that just seems too high for 1 game .
like i 'd pay 60 for it or 60.00 for nemesis but that would be considered high to me and the max i 'm probably spending on a single base game .
i know they 're different games but is it more fun than say tm ?
i noticed this too seems weird all of the sudden
could it have been because i was still paying the amount it was for red when they rebranded it to premium and raised the price ?
well maybe you should research a bit before just claiming things ?
lingard almost cost us three interplay with fred has been ok but man .
rashy huge miss i 'd put on james for the intensity and threat in behind .
college kids did too when they had tv '' rooms .
thats the ones i opened.. with training ... the regular packs were a rip off lolol
the pic on the left she looks like a mom that packs dope lunches for her kid .
its like you 're always a guest in the community because when you talk to your gay friends about straight relationships or vice-versa it just gets awkward like its taboo or something
i do n't have an anvil but he equipment profile on brewfather is saying there 's about 4.7 qt of mash tun deadspace which feels like a lot of lost space that you 've got to fill for only a 2 gallon batch .
if i assume 4lb grain at 1.25 qt/lb mash ratio you 're looking at nearly 2.5 gallons 9.7 qt to mash and a little over 2 gallons left before sparging .
tl dr a quick top of my head calculation says it could work but i do n't think you 're going to get a bigger beer to fit very easily .
thanks for accepting my suggestion excited to see everyone come out and vote !
we do n't need another senile ol ' fogey stuffed with cliché and filthy corporate lucre like so many heartless scarecrows .
also they typically live to about 80 years old .
so you 'd have to make arrangements for it in your will .
i mean they still stole his car so they kinda still suck just dont want to get arrested for stealing and kidnap
i 'm a bot that provides downloadable links for v.redd.it videos !
are you saying a mask that was sold for 50 but now sold for 150 wo n't be in full capacity ?
again long run supply may change because the higher prices but short run which is what we are talking about will not be affected .
so long as the demand for masks is there and the price is at 150 there will be no issue in the short run supply to be running at max .
again we are n't saying the government is saying you have to sell it below cost they are allowing masks to be sold 3 times as high as before .
i have your chameleon sentinel 1 int raider right arm but not the others .
i 'd say lysithea is also cheering passionately if it 's male byleth .
he got overconfident put a price tag of 70 million dollars and then blame the team performances you can leave the club
are we really supposed to believe that 20 of them have functioning hearts ?
but how else will they keep console and fortnite kiddos locked into dauntless with out flashy colors .
for those that do n't quite get it let 's go through an example .
now let 's say the first 200/wk is tax free .
so someone who made 400 in a week would pay no taxes on the first 200 and then 10 on the next 200 20 so a total of 20 .
someone who makes 410 that last 10 would be taxed at 15 so an extra 1.50 would be taxed for a total of 21.50 for a take home of 388.50 .
someone who made 1000 in a week would pay 20 30 50 80 for a total of 180 .
there is no way to take home less money for more work .
sorry my guy this one https www.reddit.com/r/hollowknightmemes/comments/adx81b/im_back_to_making_memes_bois ? utm_source=share utm_medium=ios_app utm_name=iossmf is from earlier .
he may have stolen your idea but it still had already been done still giving you an upvote though
the irony of me doing the same as you years back is that i now have no trouble at all getting 3-5 of them in a combo online and find it nearly impossible to replicate when competing offline particularly on tournament consoles .
make sure u can do both if you want to compete !
do we reckon origi is gunna be starting every game in manes absence ?
he has missed a little over 200 games over the course of his career due to injuries .
that 's over 5k pts considering his career average of 27pts per game .
obviously he likely would n't have played all of those games but the foot injury in 2015 and now this achilles injury have really set him back
ill trade a adamant or modest or careful mint for cursola with perish body
maybe they will make the shroud available as a standalone product too
getting a new brace soon but this is my current one .
after considering everyone 's feedback and ultimately not being satisfied myself i went back in and started from scratch with the sculpt/morph on this and i 'm really glad i did .
same as before i have n't produced original textures yet so the neck seam is still there but that 's what i 'm starting on next .
if you like my work please to throw me a subscription on patreon so i can put more time into this stuff .
are there non-koreans who attend music awards like seoul music awards ?
i 've seen tickets online and i 'm contemplating where to buy it via ticketbay .
if there are how 's your experience in getting a ticket and attending the event ?
we are delighted to respond to any questions you might have and also to arrange a free in-home carpet evaluation just for you .
it 's a question i do n't really know the answer to and hopefully i 'm in the right place to ask it .
some games prevent you to use certain online features for some time and after this 'some time ' has passed you have complete access to the feature .
for example rocket league prevents you from trading the in-game paid currency for a week after you buy some but after a week you can trade it normally .
some other games prevent you to play online unless you reach a certain level in single-player such as r6 if i remember correctly .
some others even only allow you to play online after some days you first try to access the online gameplay .
now i read that it 's to prevent hacking or stuff like that but i 'm not sure how this discourages cheaters .
does anyone have a better reply to the whole thing ?
since there was a post asking about diamond income i thought i 'd share my data from back in the day when we ran the soulhunters roundtable on twitch .
the below are the average income of 200 mines of each type except giant mines .
you can see clearly that if your mine gets plundered you also lose diamonds .
if you do get plundered a lot fix your leek by improving your defending teams and by teaming up with your guild mates when defending mines .
of course being vip5 or vip12 respectively to unlock additional mine slots also helps .
if you enjoy the game reaching vip5 is a good deal because it also unlocks autoplundering of mines .
tried this last night and got absolutely smashed with adds and messages and pics and i 'll be honest i was exhausted so i got overwhelmed so let 's try this again .
i 'm straight but if you can impress me and convince me i might send back if you 're a guy .
higher chance of sending back if you 're female or trans .
i got a notification saying happy new year come on the game for 500 free gems but i ca n't see any gems anywhere .
edit i did enter the town this morning but it did n't work .
this evening i forced closed the app then re-opened and went into the town and it worked .
orbeetle is in a masterball,4iv caught by me i have 8 apriballs ft .
looking mostly for a masterball for eternatus masterball for the apriballs and 2 masterballs for orbeetle or best offer .
if you buy the generic brand of a prescription because that 's only what the pharmacy had.. can you take it to another pharmacy and swap it for the original ?
do n't ask why i just did n't say no to generic in the first place .
i have n't made a sorc on pod before which is the best to try and start with ?
can anyone hook a brotha up with a rush/starting gear ?
from the central governing coalition of the pacific republic relayed via the japanese consulate in san francisco
we greet our japanese counterparts eagerly but on our minds is one incredibly important issue the federal fleet in yokosuka and especially the remaining ballistic missile submarine that remains in port .
the federal us government is rapidly losing there is no question about it .
with the defection of the 7th army the cuban forces and a significant number of naval ships as well as the expulsion of federal forces from washington california texas and the plains the position for the federal government is steadily worsening .
the federal government in their failed bid to try and contain pacific independence worked alongside trumpian terrorists to detonate a number of dirty bombs .
the last main clear threat to the pacific republic is the aforementioned fleet in yokosuka especially the last remaining ssbn in the pacific that remains loyal to the federal government .
this government has proved itself to be deeply unstable utilizing terrorist tactics such as aiding and abetting the lighting of mass wildfires in california and the previously mentioned dirty bombs and fighting with a destructive fanaticism .
therefore we fear that this ssbn may be used to launch nuclear weapons against outposts in hawaii california and washington as a last ditch effort to try and break the spirit of the pacific forces .
it will not happen the only thing that could possibly come of the federal government 's possession of this ssbn in the pacific is the loss of millions of innocent civilian lives .
in the post-american civil war environment the pacific republic aims to take a peaceful approach to foreign affairs much in the same spirit as article 9 in the japanese constitution .
we hope to pursue a fruitful relationship with japan into the future and we believe that this may be a good starting point after all what better start could there be than saving millions of lives from the horrors of nuclear weapons ?
if japan is concerned about this being construed as an aggressive military action we think of it in a very different manner should this go unaddressed and the us federal government continue with it 's scorched earth tactics aiming to destroy what they can not reconquer then nuclear weapons will fly oncemore this time from a japanese port .
if there are any additional issues that japan wishes to converse with the pacific republic about our ears are always open .
heading back into school this week i 've been reflecting a lot on what i want to work on this semester .
i teach 7th writing 7th year teaching for context and i realized that one of my biggest sources of stress was a few key problem '' kids .
i generally feel like 95 of my kids like me pretty well and we have a good enough rapport but i have just about 3 or 4 who seem to actively despise me .
whenever they are disruptive in class and i try to redirect them however gently it becomes this big blow up about how i 'm picking on them . ''
it 's a disheartening situation and i feel like i tend to get a small number every year who are just so convinced that all the teachers are out to get them that it 's close to impossible to build any kind of rapport with them .
and on top of those kids not learning anything they tend to be big disruptions in class as well .
but i just do n't have it in me to totally give up on a 12 year old ya know ?
even if they 've given up on school or given up on my class i feel like if i give up on them it 's a loss on my part .
so i 'm going to do something i am loathe to do to give up my lunch time .
specifically my plan is that going into this semester i 'm going to take 1 lunch a week and invite those few difficult kids to a lunch bunch '' situation let them invite a friend have hot chips and board games and play netflix and more or less try to build some positive interactions with them outside of normal class time to try and build a better relationship with them .
maybe it 'll be magic maybe it 'll bomb terribly who knows !
has anyone else every had success in winning those difficult kids over to their side ?
i just saw this subreddit and decided to visit a blog i 'd made
like the opening credits to up in the air https youtu.be/lffedve4br4 ?
i 'm on cc2019 and very comfortable with premiere and after effects .
hey all my girlfriend 's '13 beetle recently started having issues with the power windows just today .
on the driver side the window seems to have a mind of it 's own .
it constantly is going up and down without any input and in spite of any input by her .
the passenger side control still works and functions as normal .
this issue presents itself even when the key is totally out of the ignition and the car has been sitting for a few minutes .
we figured this out when we had just left a tim hortons and noticed the window was all the way down even though we made sure to check they were rolled up when we pulled in .
tldr my gfs beetle is having power window problems on the driver side to a much lesser extent the passenger side has a similar issue when the driver side controls are used and in the middle of the winter a bag will only suffice for so long .
i 've been being strong and doing what i need to do to face this new hell .
had a therapist appointment today and she seemed impressed with the steps i 've been taking .
did all my regular work taxied kids and met my personal obligations .
now all of a sudden i 'm in tears and feeling horrible .
edit i 'm home now kids are tucked and i 'm alone so of course the tears have dried up
you did it again everyone hates it even more but now you are pretending that everything is okay .
if you are not reverting 5.2 patch you will finally prove your incompetence .
we are not okay with being treated like fools .
p.s thank you so much for awards that is the first time i 'm getting them and thanks for the upvotes i really appreciate it !
why are there so many level 6s and belows starting to rise really high up into the 1k 's like is some really skilled guy making alts ?
saw this post of my feed that gave you a list of options and asked would you do them for 1000 one of options was to skip christmas .
um well i 've been doing this for free for 16 years ...
lf these shiny g-maxes in particular kingler grimmsnarl but open to offers !
ordered a red squid triton a while back when i opened the package 1 handle was loose the other was tight .
lots or blade tap and rub when just flat on a desk the blade is literally resting on the frame and 1/4 mill of the blade hits the frame before sliding into the grove .
the squidy-c i bought with the triton was better quality and flipped much better expected the opposite .
did n't expect this from squid industries much less from a 130 bali .
was disappointed with the triton i put it on my shelf and forgot about it until today .
i played mtg back in 94-98 when in highschool .
i pulled all my cards out of the attic .
i 'm trying to get back into the game .
i 've heard that nobody likes to play with anyone who uses old decks .
are there are some kind of rules against using old cards like most of my old antiquities ice age 2nd edition revised 4th edition etc cards ?
what have i missed in the past 25 years ?
one 's turned on and in my living room and one 's turned on and in my basement .
most people join the milarty because there poor and its there only means to higher education or out of there shit town .
its really only a hand full of chud 's that love america '' .
most military officers lean more left then you would think and if this meme of a revolution ever happens then you want people like that on your side .
we should pull people and veterans to go even further left and not alienate them .
in fact almost all the high up is the military hate trump and if shit goes done then you 've pissesd of the only people with any power left .
i do n't seen the kind of person that spends all day online haveing a fighting chance when shit hits the fan .
its only a small number of people in the military that are guilty of war crimes and killing brown kids '' a blanket condemnation is obviously a bad idea .
hello i have recently bought the xtrfy m4 and the gsr i really like the mouse and the mousepad but the scratching on the feet is to much for me is there anyway to fix the scratching
i 've build a witch farm with tripwires and waterstreams but for some reason the tripwires dont reset after a witch leaves the block and the waterstream is kept open .
i tried to rebuild all tripwire hooks and strings and sometimes that helps sometimes not .
im playing on a private survival server by aternos without mods .
ideally you would be playing a bbw if you 're my mother or a goth if you 're my sister but that 's not strictly necessary if you do n't like the idea .
1 every night for the past week i 've been slipping into your room while you sleep so i can touch you and play with you .
once or twice you may have woken with my cum on your face but not known how it got there .
tonight however you wake up while i 'm still there and i decide i do n't feel like stopping ...
2 our vacation home is one a small private stretch of beach and while everyone else is out visiting the various tourist traps in town you 've decided to put on that skimpy swimsuit you would never wear to a public beach and do some sunbathing .
little do you know what i plan to do to you when i see you in it ...
3 its halloween night and for the first time you 've decided you 're ready to celebrate it as slut-o-ween !
once i see your costume what i do to you is practically inevitable .
4 its my birthday and my friends and i are celebrating with an obnoxiously loud party .
my friends know i 've always wanted to fuck you nine ways to sunday and may even want to have a go at you themselves and when you come down into my basement room to tell us to keep it down i decide to give them what they want and let them watch as i finally have my way with you .
5 what starts as an innocent kiss turns to another and another and soon to being forced to make out with me which gets dragged into rape before you even realize what 's happening or what 's gotten into me .
kinks non-con duh incest again duh cum slutty outfits/makeup some animals milfs raceplay making you my step mother or making me only half white bbw goth girls .
from the brutus event i can get a nara and i can also get one from a previous voyage chest she 's currently at legendary should i take her to legendary plus ?
my friend has got his account community banned back in 2018 for no specific reason .
well to be more accurate his account was supposedly banned due to ‘advertising spam account ' but we 're both having hard time figuring out what on the earth does ‘advertising spam account ' mean .
i mean making a spam account is one thing but how does one advertise it ?
anyhow we are assuming that his account was hacked by someone and had been used for ‘advertising spam account ' and so we are planning to contact steam support and tell our side of story .
the thing is though my friend barely speaks english and our country despite being one of the largest market for video gaming industry does not have our own steam support meaning that our inquiries would be translated and delivered to english speaking agents and their answers would go through the same process before they reach us .
which obviously will significantly deteriorate the quality of their answers to the point where they are barely comprehensible .
and because of that we have come to a conclusion that instead of contacting steam support by himself i would contact them for him .
i guess icould just borrow his account and use that to contact them but then i think that violates steam eula and i would n't want to risk further punishments .
so the bottom line is can i contact steam support on behalf of him and get his account unblocked ?
i know this is a post that will be downvoted to hell but i 'm genuinely curious .
i 've watched some of thegeekentry and lyndi recently but stuff i personally am invested in is the hoa/crimson boomers or bobby smith and raven .
so this is a question to maybe let me know about things going on that i 'm out of the loop on and should check out .
hi my brother bought a used wheel and it did n't come with a clamp .
he gives us wisdom concerning the mysteries of his kingdom .
the lord sees our hearts and knows our thoughts .
nothing we do is hidden from the eyes of the lord .
it concerns not only our actions but also our thoughts .
although we may not act upon our thoughts let us consider our thought lives .
we are to think upon whatever is true noble right pure lovely admirable excellent and praiseworthy .
we are to be a reflection of our god who is light and in him there is no darkness at all .
we are to consider the members of our earthly body as dead to immorality impurity passion evil desire and greed which amount to idolatory .
we are not to practice any abominable customs which have been practiced before us so that we do not defile ourselves with them .
idolatory occurs when there is extreme admiration love or reverence for something or someone .
anything we put before the lord is an idol .
our lord is a jealous god and he wants us to be faithful to him .
the body is the the temple of the holy spirit .
if we defile ourselves we can not maintain intimacy with god .
the sexually immoral person sins against his own body .
our old nature has to be put to death .
the good news is that we have been given the power to trample on serpents and scorpions and over all power of the enemy .
if we submit to god and resist the devil he will flee .
draw near to the lord and he will draw near to you .
ask the lord earnestly to help you make better choices each day .
start now for he is faithful and he gives whoever needs the grace to overcome .
we are to teach our sons and daughters about these things .
be role models for them and show them that through christ there is victory and that it is possible to live holy lives during these days .
if not for us then for our future generations we need to live the lives god has ordained for us so that people see that there is hope .
we can give them advice from the standpoint of an overcomer someone who fought the same thing they are fighting but came on the other side victorious .
let it be our prayer daily that the lord create in us a clean heart and renew a sheadfast spirit within us .
what are some beers that use a specific type of hop really well ?
for example king sue does citra really well it was tropical and hoppy without being piney .
i 'm from the uk but lived in thailand and singapore for a while so i have a vague idea about how dating works in asia but obviously it could be different here so i was wondering about a few things
if you are chatting with a girl and meeting them 1-to-1 is it assumed to be a date ?
like in se asia or is more like the west where you have to be explicit push the relationship forward to avoid being just a friend ?
when/how do you tend to move from dating to a relationship ?
just from watching chinese tv it seems like a romantic confession is popular but then in thailand you also see this on tv shows when in reality you are in a relationship once you slept together .
i 'm 30 if this helps by the way .
i was just curious about these and whether there 's anything to avoid or that will likely piss a girl off here .
not that i intend on jumping into a relationship anytime soon but these arent the kind of things i could ask new colleagues yet .
i 've almost unlocked pink diamond rewards and want to unlock galaxy opal ones is locking in collections for tokens a good idea ?
how do you get enough tokens for galaxy opal rewards ?
i am almost done with triple threat offline so i can get my last 200 tokens reward then i 'll hop into domination and finish that but then what ?
you got ta get 750 tokens but i wo n't have that many because i got ta buy 8 pd before i can reach that opal rewards market .
anybody know where i can find a copy or link to the sumday demos and/or fambly cat demos ?
i have read quite a number of posts about chipped paint unusual noises etc .
the demo i took out for a test drive had a cracked windshield .
there was a big u shaped crack at the rear-view mirror about 6 '' dia .
the salesman dismissed this as one of their test drivers being too aggressive with it whatever that means .
i also found the seats very hard like sitting on a park bench or styrofoam .
i 've been watching for these and yesterday i noticed a brand new telluride with a burned out signature '' yellow led headlight trim .
i also read that the kia 's wear on you with their many minor and major fixes required over time .
i absolutely love the technology and wish that acura would adopt it instead of their ridiculously cumbersome 2-screen mouse-pad nightmare they seem to be pursuing .
it is a little too early for me to plunk down 50k cad on this vehicle .
i will be watching closely in the next couple of years to see how things unfold .
hi i was looking to use a crafting service so i looked on the forums and found one a very popular guy .
i 'm trying to verify the cost of each recipe but i ca n't find a reliable source .
i have multimod on there already and all i need is 25 minion attack and cast speed and 2 to socketed support gems .
i thought 2 support was only an ex but he said it 's 2 .
i mostly listen to the books for skippy and his comedic value and i 'm halfway through armageddon but the comedy seems a little stale .
i am submitting a resume to a company which works with 2 of the companies from which my referees are from and another from the same field .
would including all of them look odd on a resume as i feel they are all good for different reasons ?
anybody who wants to buy or sell their kothi in mohali http www.harjirealtors.com should definitely get in touch with trusted advisors like harji realtors who have years of experience and help you guide through the process .
i 'm looking for any advice on whether or not i should be worried .
i 'm 11 months on t and still have n't stopped bleeding .
it 's only even couple of months but i feel like it should 've stopped by now .
it 's not helping the kind of hard patch i 'm going through mood wise so i just kind of want to know if others are having the same problem or if i should go back on birth control because i really would rather not go back on it .
this may be a stupid question but i would like to customize tenno and alot of the colors require mote platinum were can i get more ?
in five nights at freddys 4 the closet that foxy hides in are like the curtains from the pirate cove in five nights at freddys 1
i bought recently 1,2grams of weed to make edibles i heard some people saying 100 mg edible fucks you up but idk if they were refering to weed or the ammount of thc in the weed itself .
id be super thankful if anywone can enlighten me .
i ca n't believe this was writtin in 2016 in ndtv !
an estimated 3.5 lakhs is currently paid by the government of india per year for every jnu student
that 's rs 30,000 per month enough for a jholawalla to eat speep fart and have free sex till he 's 64 .
frustrations emanating from jnu students once respected for their intellectual caliber have led them to reside in an unwanted jurassic park housing creatures the world forgot or would at least like to forget .
what we are witnessing in delhi for the last few days is a futile rebellion of the subsidy-deprived .
they have been led to believe that only if their tin-pot agitation succeeds in dislodging modi everything will be back to being normal '' subsidies would return they can stay on in hostels eating highly-subsidised food till they are old enough to be grandparents and the left 's patronage network will eventually get them a job at least by the time they become pensioners .
the self-destructive agitation at jnu has given the government the best opportunity to shut it down for ever cut its financial losses and get rid of a factory that produces only spongers and malcontents .
what i do n't understand is what is bjp govt doing ?
are they waiting for kalki to make an appearance or do they not have the guts to shut down this cesspit ?
also shut down jadavpur and open a ayurvedic hospital there .
government should take this chance to shut down jnu https www.ndtv.com/opinion/government-should-take-this-chance-to-shut-down-jnu-1278181
more here before going wild on jnu incident can sonia gandhi answer why indira shut jnu for 45 days arrested hundreds ?
how can i add anti ram poles to legion square on my fivem server ?
what is the legal status of companies that sell gold plated iphones or for an example origin pc which just released a pc that includes a ps4 xbox and pc all in one .
are they obliged to do any kind of legal arrengement with the companies that provide the main devices ?
i have a friend who bought the game last month and he deleted the game only after 2 weeks even that he is a good player in other fps games because 2 bugs only .
the bug of empty reload when you heal and reload in the same time you see full animation but nothing change in your mag .
the bug of freeze and ca n't ads when you heal .
for us people who stack with your game we can wait for a fix but new players who will see problems in gun play with 1 year after lunch will quite for sure especially if this bugs are the reasons why they die .
it has something that been on my mom as i been apart of the red pill movement for 8 years now .
i see a lot a girls try to stress how feminine they as being not like the other girls gamer girls and other scenarios etc .
i ca n't complain though because i too suffer from the not like other girls syndrome when i was in high school as a result of a poor self image .
i realized as i got older and more sure of my self i did n't care what other girls are doing and the level of male attention skyrocketed .
e-surgery is the uk 's best value online pharmacy .
focusing on sustainability reliability and affordability so you can take control of your health your way .
this may be a long shot but my dog is a 10mt pit bull/shar pei mix and chewing is still one of his favorite past times .
while i 'm at work my boy stays in his crate with two blankets but is there any type of durable soft or plush type of crate bed on the market that i can comfortably leave him with without worrying about him puncturing and eating all the fluff ?
hi so im a 4th year in lifesci going into my last sem..
i was enrolled in a course but got kicked out of it cuz i didnt have prereqs eventho the prof told me it was fine last sem !
apparently the dept changed their rules and said i ca n't take that course if i didnt finish it 's useless prereq .
anyways i 'm looking for a course which is at evenings on thursdays..and i could possibly ncr/cr .
or even on monday 's and fridays only for an hour or so .
my courseload is intense this semester and i would like to have a course which is minimal time and effort just to get that 50 !
the problem is all the courses im interested in have like waitlists and stuff or are conflicting with my other courses .
i was in a draft last night for mid last pick judging by bans it was either an aatrox or irelia mid .
so i counter with best yordle of course dumpster on them early-mid game 8/2 by 15 min .
but i was n't capable enough to carry my bot lane .
this was just me fucking around in normal but are there any madlads out there who actually do poppy mid consistently ?
just looking to be somewhere other than top atm .
could go back jg just need to work on speeding up my clear
whether it 's upgrading your way of life accomplishing your dream plans for your early retirement or building lifestyles richer wealthbhai is here to help .
for each financial necessity we have a plan to get you there .
to invest click here https youtu.be/rle3alxce2s https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=rle3alxce2s or just give missed call on 8010926281 follow us on facebook https www.facebook.com/wealthbhai2002 https www.youtube.com/redirect ? q=https 3a 2f 2fwww.facebook.com 2fwealthbhai2002 2f redir_token=mf4oeh9neudqhense-oe2ufb3bx8mtu3odu2ndu2muaxntc4ndc4mtyx v=t0bs_45bntq event=video_description
de kumex lite is een vereenvoudigde versie van het huidige kumex platform en heeft als doel de contractbeleving te verbeteren en de complexiteit van het handelsproces te minimaliseren om het handelscontract eenvoudiger en soepeler te maken .
kumex lite ondersteunt nu de engelse en de chinese taal .
i just want to hear about how you are going to suck my thick cock
just as a quick disclaimer i 'm aware this is n't meta material but i still am trying to make the deck the best i possibly can .
would highly appreciate any advice regarding card choices and combos .
this is what i 've come up with so far
add brilliant fusion to hand or if you drew it get instant
use damage juggler effect in grave to add hat tricker to hand .
now you either need another plant to normal summon using gem-knight seraph or an extender such as laurel/angellica to get a monster to a zone jasmine points to .
tribute the monster with jasmine special summon glow-up or spore from deck .
synchro with the gem-knight for the lv6 synchro and search the trap card .
then special summon hat tricker and either use glow-up for naturia beast or spore for dweller or any rank 4 .
the above combo was not using any aromage card except for the link .
no lp manipulation was needed however if you do happen to draw the cards it 's possible .
ending with angellica in hand searchable using the link if you can add lifepoints is optimal as it can trigger your cards on the opponents turn .
using laurel as a material for the link immediately triggers it 's effect .
if you are unable to use the brilliant fusion engine drew garnet then just get 2 plants on board for the link gain lp somehow search for cactus bouncer .
then you need an extender for the link to tribute special summon jasmine from deck and use your extra normal summon for cactus bouncer .
the deck is consistent with 10 starters lonefire predaplant evil thorn one for one
i have 78.34 to open at least one of them .
and possibly more if you have super solar lv1 .
evil thorn not only gets 2 plants on board but also makes your lp higher and interacts with super solar to get the predaplant engine going .
the predaplant engine gives you an extra normal summon as well as a lv5 body that can be used for synchro or rank 5 xyz potentially
the clowns are searchable extenders via brilliant fusion that allow you to get naturia beast/dweller/any rank 4 or synchro 5 .
i chose not to run many aromage cards because in all honesty they are really bad and do nothing to advance your game state .
aromage jasmine the draw and extra normal seems like a 3 of at first but
it 's a suboptimal starter requires a lp gain effect as well as another plant in hand worth summoning
i chose not to run too many lp cards because they are unsearchable bricks they do nothing on their own to advance my game state they are all minuses unless you can plus off of one of your plants to break even .
the one i do run is poison of the old man because it can be used on either players turn and possibly burn for lethal .
i am considering running another copy of aroma gardening due to it 's 2nd effect .
they are bricks that do nothing if you go 2nd and most of their effects are nice but unnecessary i feel like .
the approach i took here is the same as orcust crescendo .
considering using more instant fusion for extenders but right now i 'm reluctant because first it brings my lp lower than my opponent and 2nd i really feel like it 's gon na get hit on the next ban list .
i was also considering running 1 super poly that i can search with the predaplants instead to break boards or extra disruption .
angellica is an obivious 3 of because its an extender on your turn a tuner a light target for brilliant and triggers all of your cards on your opponents turn .
i decided against miracle fertilizer because it conflicts with the extra normal summons the deck provides .
getting hand trapped is an issue which is why i use 3 called by the grave .
there are n't many extenders and the ones i have require lp manipulation .
the deck benefits from lp gaining effects however the cards that give lp are bricks and i wanted to run a minimal amount of them .
if my board is broken i ca n't really re-establish it on my 2nd turn .
i have a backup combo that involves special summoning jasmine using the link then searching cactus bouncer and normal summoning it however it requires gaining lp
is it weird that i‘m slowly coming to terms with being depressed ?
like i don‘t think i‘ll ever get back to ‚normal‘ .
my goal is just to learn how to cope with it .
after being sick from 11-17 i‘ll turn 17 in a month i‘m slowly giving up that i‘ll ever get rid of my depression and that‘s okay i guess .
mandatory this did n't actually happen today but a few months ago .
my high school sweetheart was on holidays in france and we decided to reunite so i could show her a bit of the country .
i was excited to show someone my home country and after a few days of visiting landmarks we decided to go herping together .
we used to go herping a lot for little frogs in virginia .
she is a bit scared of snakes well more like disgusted by them .
however it was late august the best time to get over that fear as baby vipers are born .
she was a bit reluctant at first but finally agreed and we headed in the forests to try and find some critters .
it took about six hours but we ended up finding a dozen little danger noodles cuddling below a rock .
they were tiny aspic vipers the most dangerous we have in france .
it is nowhere as close as the rattlers you guys have in the us but still packs quite a punch and can be lethal in very rare occasions .
i picked one up with my snake hook to then free handle it being very careful to hold its head firmly but gently .
it was fairly aggressive at first but quickly calmed down and relaxed .
now in those six hours we saw quite a few critters and my ex picked up a couple of them .
she was n't as disgusted anymore and when she was the cutiepie we had come across she wanted to hold it .
i explained to her that they were still venomous and showed her how to hold the snake .
she struggled a bit at first but everything seemed under control so i let go of the head and she quickly grabbed it .
i lifted the rock with my hook and my ex bended over to release the snake at my feet .
as she was kneeling the snake turned its head and bit me on my forearm .
as it turns out she was not holding the head at all as it seemed very fragile and did not want to hurt it '' .
she was very apologetic and the snake quickly slithered away from us .
the bite did n't feel any different from the other bites i 'd received so i figured i was simply tagged with a dry bite and did not think much of it .
about fifteen minutes later as we were walking down to the car i started feeling intense burning on my arm quickly followed by nausea and blurry vision .
that 's when i realized that her little fuck up was n't so little any more .
we drove to the edge of town and called an ambulance .
during those two days i kept peeing myself vomiting and my arm felt like it had been burnt by red hot iron .
i came out just fine but this really put a strain on our relationship and i do not talk to her anymore .
edit matthæusgade if you do n't know how to look it up .
du konntest vielleicht an discord mehr leute als hier finden weißt du schon das dicord link ?
did the ship not have an engine stop in the bridge or did it malfunction too ?
have my first animal biology then physiology courses in a few days .
maybe i 'll stumble accross weird ass diagrams like this .
nice picture good way to stay off one of the halls instead of being on both .
great like i needed more reason to be told im too good for my own good because of my genetics .
everything you get from the internet is tracked in the network logs in the network you use at your job .
its very easy for system admin to click a link and provide a readable report of where you have gone on the internet .
thee were these pizza flavored crackers that came in sports shapes baseball gloves soccer balls footballs etc.. so good ...
yeah his staff made him look worse not better .
i do n't know which staff hirings were his own vs gettleman 's but you ca n't hire a guy like hal hunter and then wonder why your team ca n't block properly for 2 years .
express transit is implemented differently compared to google 's implementation which allows low value transactions to be compelted without authentication .
used to get these all the time feel like you are falling backwards into the void and you jolt awake .
i would n't say people who drive lower than the posted limit .
i would say people who drive lower than the conditions allow for .
the speed limit might be 60 but if the roads covered in snow doing 60 would be idiotic .
but yes if conditions allow for the full speed that 's what you should do at least within 5 mph i 'd say .
i would n't say they 're the worst drivers though .
yes it is a problem and driving excessively slow can be just as dangerous as driving excessively fast but there 's plenty worse drivers out there .
ha jokes on you i only have it because of origin access .
your submission has been removed from r/deadbydaylight for the following reason s
https www.reddit.com/r/deadbydaylight/wiki/rules wiki_1._uncivil_behavior be respectful towards other users and players .
for further elaboration on our rules please see our detailed wiki page for the subreddit rules .
https www.reddit.com/r/deadbydaylight/wiki/rules if you feel this removal was in error or if you have any questions feel free to contact the mod team .
you can get up right now and go blow something up if you choose to .
i maintain your biology is pulling the strings and keeping your butt in that chair .
think of all those pavlovian experiments it does n't take much to alter our behaviour .
and our free will '' only exists within the bounds of that behaviour .
anyways better people than i have debated this for the longest time .
and the rest of our reddit our twitter is also linked to our reddit
had it been correctly translated they would t have been so mean .
but if you watch the video you will see at the time of impact the brake lights were not on and the car was moving forward .
this legitimately makes me mad thats some next level scumbaggery
i 'm thinking of putting it off for a little while and saving money/spending time with my baby in the meantime .
i just really want to better myself for the both of us .
thank you so much and bless your sister for being a working mommy she sounds like she 's doing great
if he did come can he put pique into his place ?
would love to get my hands and other appendages on her .
i 've noticed before you 're from northern ireland .
if you need a baby sitter that supports united give me a shout .
we 're due a baby in 4 weeks and my father in law is a massive liverpool fan so might need someone to do the same .
jenny cipoletti 's father is douglas bernheim an extremely accomplished economist whose cv includes appointments at northwestern and stanford and he himself attended harvard and mit .
she posted photos once of her family 's home in the bay area and it 's extremely lavish .
this went a much sweeter way than i was expecting thanks for writing and hope you have one of those old ladies by your side !
come here i want you your name twin was told
by mr graham bell whose phone was soon sold .
i 'm sure you came too at each call of your name
the next years without you just wo n't be the same .
but sure as i know that you could heel stay and sit
i see you on god 's bed still giving a shit .
when i proposed to my wife a couple of porpoises swam super close to shore right after we stood up again .
i could not have planned it but it made the moment even more epic/romantic .
beautiful sunny day sparkling atlantic ocean while on one of our favourite hikes and then the porpoises !
protip do n't wait too long she was getting tired almost cranky as i was looking for the perfect spot to surprise her .
so i almost had to wait for another opportunity lol .
same story but i was on vacation with my family .
when i got back a doctor blew out the ear canal with a bulb like oversized turkey baster '' that squirted warm water like a super saoker . ''
within seconds every sound was crystal clear and i was cured . ''
when i returned to my car i discovered that the stereo was cranked louder than i had ever had it before .
apparently on the way to the doctor i kept turning it up until i could hear .
anyone think we should move the small can of lysol ?
she should burn through all of her savings and then apply ... ./s
i moved to onedrive and onenote for things now .
just wish roll20 had a good export system for character sheets preferably in a pdf format that security of having the important stuff backed up is excellent..
steyer is currently polling second in south carolina and just qualified for the debate stage .
but i was a good saver and frugal spender .
can we get back to being racist ... ur getting carried away
i 'd say that it does n't really get worse per se but it feels worse because now you 're noticing it and you know what it is .
op already clarified but netbook '' implies the opposite of airgapped
i want actual journalism on how his case was handled from start to death .
him being him is n't such a big deal with district attorney sweetheart deals and camera footage from jail disappearing after being told it 's been found after being told it 's been lost after being told this was the best cell we got for a billionaire suicide risk inmate ... oh and room him with the dirtiest cop we have locked up .
like when i saw the guy i immediately thought they 're gon na kill him ... but no it was the pile of 9 prison jumpsuits .
could be that they were able to read kawhi and adjust before that was just the magic series .
https np.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=nfcaaofficialrefbot subject=suggestion 20successfulfieldgoal message=the 20 7byards 7d 20yard 20field 20goal 20is 20good 21
drive 45 in 32 for away ending in field_goal https res.cloudinary.com/fakecfb/image/upload/v1578662630/elsk1s/1.png
u/dubdisch and u/frankie122290 datatag action '' 20 enum '' 20 '' action.kickoff '' 20 '' thread '' 20 '' elsk1s ''
that feeling when two thirds off is still 40 bucks .
nope you can do it without trade macro if your mouse is hovering your stash .
trade macro just allows you to scroll through while having your mouse anywhere on screen which is actually insanely convenient
try looking up how others did it on youtube .
there 's a third option which is to design your life to be exactly how you want it to be or as close as possible .
you already missed an opportunity to fix your major 'because you did n't want to lose time .
take the time now to 1 figure out what you want to do 2 prepare a plan to do it 3 do it
otherwise you 'll post here again when you 're 30 saying 'well when i was 22 i did n't want to waste time so i went to a field i did n't care about ' .
invest 2-3 of those years to do something you like .
if you need money take night classes at university .
if you have to go full time take a student loan .
now the position as a junior editor seems interesting .
it looks flexible enough so you can use it later to go to marketing maybe .
if someone is offering you a job they thing you can do it .
designing your life how to build a well-lived joyful life https www.amazon.com/dp/1101875321/ref=cm_sw_r_em_apa_i_alhgeby98tp9d
the scariest part about envy from fma is n't his giant lizard form it 's his terrible cgj giant lizard form
we threw a birthday party for the earth in 1997
it 's almost time for a flair change but i want to be under 250 first .
i made a sheet pan of this fauxcaccia recipe https djfoodie.com/herby-sandwich-bread with rosemary and garlic then topped 2/3 with sundried tomato pesto parmesan pepperoni and fresh mozzarella .
i also made chocolate chip cookies https twosleevers.com/low-carb-chocolate-chip-cookies and remembered not to use convection so they did n't get too brown .
two meals and a little snack yesterday and i was good !
my event last night was enjoyable while i am not a commercial photographer i understand better what people are looking for and this is the last year i bring photos in frames .
i 'll have prints on aluminum or canvas in future years .
there were a lot of dynamic young artists there and it was illuminating speaking with them .
i am very happy the first cardigan from macy 's came and it was perfect for our color scheme !
plans for today are work work work then roasting a duck .
still not sure which recipe or direction that is going to go .
no big plans this weekend want to continue going through stuff and making better use of my closet space .
nothing has been confirmed there is a language barrier the guy was almost 17 .
jan likely got mad at gosha for blocking him that might be the reason for jan wanting to expose gosha for something gosha has n't done .
dover street market still supports gosha and they did not find anything on him .
gosha is very likely falsely accused of being a pedo and if he was asking for pics he would not have been a pedo just a creep .
not to be a downer but when he projected himself over there and later vanished only the fo saw this .
the resistance was piling into the back of chewies getaway van .
meaning that the only witnesses of anything that luke did were the bad guys .
meaning that logically his sacrifice would have been in vain without the right witnesses .
the last thing the resistance saw was luke heading out there without giving them a heads up on where the exit was .
the only way would be to disable the affected devices in the google play console .
enderman murders the fuck out of me for looking at him for 0.001 seconds
enderman i 've never met this man in my life ''
that is because a different choreographer did the first episode .
when he first introduces himself he does a pause before saying his name indicating he had to think so it could be his last name or a made up name but i doubt that it 's his first name
gel pepper spray is easier to use and is better for outdoors because it wo n't get blown back in your face .
the players need to drop all this nonsense get behind the new manager and draw a line under the previous regimes and take some accountability .
an interesting quote in the article is about player frustration around what the direction is on and off the pitch clearly there needs to be some discussions between players and management about what the priorities are for the rest of the season and beyond .
that being said the players are not in a position to sit there and make excuses when they 're told what to do by ancelotti because it has n't worked before '' or it 's different from the last gaffer '' shocking lack of professionalism .
you may repost with a link to the original source along with a better title .
just found them recently and i know they 're from italy .
info would it be an outfit that you would potentially put up with wearing on a more weather appropriate occasion ?
being grossed out by holes in something or not liking the ocean is not a phobia .
the fear has to be irrational for it to be a phobia .
as far as i know beasts of burden are makruh so you are allowed to eat them but it 's best to avoid doing so .
same applies to using wood from fruit bearing trees .
yeah i had n't considered this for the matrix but i like that far far more as an answer .
you could stop being abusive to the poor guitar .
yeah you can either take it to a legit luthier not a repair tech and have them grain match replace and finish it or you can go ghetto fabulous and tape/fill .
does n't address your question but it make me think of this .
the average aussie will be grateful for whatever money comes in be it filmstar rockstar sportstar or man in the street even though it 's an awesome gift neva mind the publicity let 's just do it .
you 've been busy within the last 3 months !
it 's clear you have n't reconciled your feelings for your ex and getting over an ex within 3 months after dating for 2 years is not something that can be resolved so quickly .
what 's interesting is you mentioned that it ended badly resolving the conflict that caused the break up is a step forward in reconciling the lingering feelings severed by it .
i 'm talking about bios profiles that come bundled with hpe servers rather than a performance setting on the os etc
but only because i never played the other ones although tsm really is a delight to play .
i did play the sims castaway on the ps2 though but i think that was not the same as castaway stories ?
a thing i once saw on reddit was someone suggesting to roleplay that venomfang lied about having a twin-sister who 's out to kill him .
this gives me the idea that it 's not a lie and it 's not a twin-sister but cryovain is actively searching for venomfang .
this way venomfang can keep himself hidden at all times and he genuinely tricks the pcs to trust '' venomfang to help him eradicate cryovain .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
in journalism a hot take is a piece of deliberately provocative commentary that is based almost entirely on shallow moralizing '' ... usually written on tight deadlines with little research or reporting and even less thought ''
du weist anscheinend nicht was ein hot take ist .
nope the 328 has an n52 which is basically an n54 block without the turbos/di .
it 's plenty fast for a daily and has a less costly repair burden than the n54 or n55 .
the n52 has the usual costly if you do n't diy gasket leak issues the derived turbo blocks obviously have the same their own probs like hpfp water pump chargepipe carbon buildup etc ...
you can often pickup a 335 for the same or sometimes cheaper than a 328 because folks do n't want to stomach the repairs .
but if you 're willing to diy it should n't be that much more costly .
definitely go with n55 if you can it 's an improved n54 so has less issues but still more issues than an n52 .
i personally have an n52 now and rarely think i would want more oompf in my daily .
i used to have an n54 so i 'm well aware of what i 'm missing out on currently .
unfortunately your post was automatically removed because you do not exceed our current karma threshold of
in the meantime feel free to post your oc memes to r/specialsnowflake for a chance at getting whitelisted here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dankmemes if you have any questions or concerns .
yeah but its hard for casuals who dont do every sbc or play enough to get loads of packs .
they have no other reason for making the first owner players apart from selling packs and making people complete sbcs
also did n't hit american soil or anywhere with citizens
haha i could spend an absolute fortune in there you know !
so i 'm playing it now and currently on track 3 and it 's perfect so far !
the gatefold is in perfect nick just the plastic sleeve ? case ?
i 'll keep you updated once it 's played through fully !
well if he is jut an asshole i feel even less pity for him saying that i do n't have pity for him .
they could 've very well ended the show with s8 and reboot it as a spin-off without rick carl
my grandad said if you wanted to leave the army just keep pissing your bed at night
that story was in a scary tales book i bought back in elementary school .
i loved that book and that 's the one story that stuck with me .
imagine someone asking for permission to use the computer and then seeing this awesome madness .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
i have the strength to cleave dragons in half .
this sub is like 99 conspiracies about absolutely bullshit and retarded theories that somehow support trump .
it 's astonishing how stupid trump supporters are and the mods of this sub because they do n't give a flying fuck .
he did he even used their picture so i assume he posted right when he bought it xd .
i 'm a brit i have n't seen snow in years .
when people start a comment like this and so much this . ''
also makes me want to spoon my eyes out and jump on them .
if you are a female and the kid who said it louder is a male then thats hepeating and very sexist
can run with a transformer cable cigarette adapter or 2 aa batteries .
sounds best without esp on or any sound effects !
just yesterday i needed to add column to 128m record table .
hales dying inside talking about the saffer v poms test knowing he coulda been part of it .
this submission was removed for breaking rule 3 reaction meme .
text-based reaction memes are only allowed on weekends saturday and sunday utc time https time.is/utc .
they are defined as any situation described in text followed by an image s showing that situation or the direct results of that situation .
i am a bot and this comment was made automatically however this submission was removed manually by a member of the mod team .
if you have any questions about this removal please contact the moderators through modmail .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
and i also thought i was the only person .
hours and hours were spent on the first skate i could n't get enough .
some of the spots and such were a little comical top of the e '' as an example but overall i loved it and still play 2-3 hour sessions when i have spare time .
skate 3 's world was way too comical to me .
i still enjoyed the game but found myself going back to skate 2 .
my 12 year old fatty ps3 ca n't last much longer so hoping to see some of the skate series pop up on the ps4 store
they did n't all get stuck perfectly in a line
looks super cool reminds me of my time when i was playing crash bandicoot and rayman !
linden labs is going the same way as hifi .
thinking that sansar will be the money earner that second life was .
a state will never do with less when it can print money or take loans or simply raise the debt ceiling .
could i get en offer on the brown bunny vinyl ?
or when there is any idea of rain.. or sun
either amazon is posting the wrong labels or you guys have some flavor they do n't have listed .
wasm is surprisingly fast but it wo n't be as performant as native .
your thread has been removed because your account is too new and has too little karma .
if you think it was a mistake message us here http www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2finfographics .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/infographics if you have any questions or concerns .
you nearly had me before this last sentence good trolling though .
vorrei essere bella così i ragazzi mi parlerebbero per primi e io non dovrei impegnarmi perché questa cosa che io sono lì e non faccio niente sembra non funzionare per la mia vita sentimentale .
i did n't even know what cal trans was until i googled it .
idk why you think that is it just because i 'm wearing a safety vest in my before pic ?
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
it literally displays the percentage instead of battery icon everywhere how is exiting an app and navigating to widgets more convenient than having the percentage up there all the time ?
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
if you need an s tag then you deserve to miss it .
how is pushing your belief on others who do n't agree going to help
at the moment i would say luffy and zoro definitely while the others get a little showing here or there .
i definitely think that both chopper and robin should get alot of screen time since they have n't had much in the major arcs .
i 've lived here my entire life and have only seen him once .
oh man you add so much dead weight to this society .
do n't be worried ... it 's awesome and will give the teachers a laugh .
i call my godson boo '' all the time and he went to school calling everyone boo and it was hilarious !
and yet housing prices keep going up and new businesses keep moving in .
it 's dead '' the way times square was declared dead when they closed down most of the filthy decrepit porn shops .
that is it 's dead to hipsters that never actually bothered going there anyway but very much thriving by all objective measures .
some say that if your squad throw 6 thermite grenades in a circle you can summon him
if you filed the report then presumably you are the victim .
if that 's the case then you do not need to disclose anything .
the intro when the opera singer sets in made me shed tears when i finally got to play gt4 for the first time after rocking gt2 for years and years .
shame it switches to rock/pop music for the racing scenes 40 seconds later .
i can recommend the drugstore sunscreen from rossmann sunozon .
especially the 'sun med ' and the 'sensitiv ' line .
because they are without fragrance and pretty cheap but effective and quite elegant if you choose the gel versions .
they can and the us does have some bilateral working holiday agreements with different countries .
i remember the usa also detaining some uyghurs who were caught in a taliban training camp in afghanistan in gitmo .
it 's not just the chinese who consider them terrorists .
there is a separatists groups from xinjiang who perpetuated many attacks on civilians in other parts of china such as the kunming train attacks https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_kunming_attack .
the same type of attacks that they did in london in 2017 https www.scmp.com/news/world/europe/article/2096871/islamic-state-jihadists-claim-responsibility-london-terror-attack .
i do n't think china considers the whole 11 million uyghur population in xinjiang to be terrorists .
there 's no evidence for a genocide yet and if there was to be an anti-muslim genocide in china it would be strange to have every muslim-majority country in the world sign a letter to the un on behalf of china ?
perhaps it 's because trying to re-integrate your disenfranchised extremist and isolated people requires them to have a basic understanding of the local language and culture and to have some employable skills .
i guess the alternative is to place 700 out of every 100k people https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_incarceration_rate into for-profit prisons where they work for little or no wages https www.cbsnews.com/news/u-s-prisoners-strike-is-reminder-how-commonplace-inmate-labor-is .
the previous link https en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_incarceration_rate has data showing that roughly 1 in every 32 adult americans are under some sort of criminal justice system control '' .
your submission has been automatically removed because it does not contain a post flair .
all posts on this subreddit should contain a flair that describes the category of the content within .
please review the post flair guide located here https www.reddit.com/r/pokemontrades/wiki/tags for information on how to correctly use post flairs and re-submit your post using an appropriate flair .
if you are a mobile user having trouble accessing the above link please retry using a different app or browser .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/pokemontrades if you have any questions or concerns .
why are so many people interested in getting other people into star trek .
this is a common topic on the reg sub .
am i the only one that does n't care if the people in my life know or like trek .
these laws are basically universal are so for a reason .
it 's not universal for buyer of stolen property to keep that property .
it 's not universal for victims to never get their property back .
polsha is one the few countries that specifically refuses and make it difficult/impossible for victims to seek justice .
enough with legalism excuses time for polen to change it 's broken and immoral laws and stop re-victimizing victims of holocaust .
i continue to be in awe of the big brain energy of conservatives .
i ca n't tv is covered in stupid shows on cable
i mean as much as twitter has to comply with coppa the fact remains that they do n't necessarily have to comply this way .
maybe if they discovered you were a kid when you were a kid but i 'd say if you 're over 13 they should just delete all the data they had before the day you turned 13 .
but then again that probably turns out to be an extra cost so ... maybe just create a new account and comply with their tos ?
cause there are more event legendaries than normals at this point i 'm assuming
i think my criteria for interested in '' needs to shift to something a little broader .
because we elected him willingly while there were other options available .
one of my friends is testing it in their store .
it 's a coach for home/apparel and one for the rest of gm .
yeah i would think something like lovehoney would be more famous .
they had that documentary and are a big e-commerce thing .
well there 's technically a pre-existing animax english dub but it 's not available to watch anywhere only a few clips exist of it .
if you have your diploma from high school most schools do not accept your admission as a mature student and scrutinize your grades in high school as a part of high school student intake .
imagine if instead of putting on a performance someone just talked to them like adults ?
there 's just some weeks it 's super fun and some weeks were it 's boring .
loved when we got all those tickets to summon at once .
that was fun or when the 7 started or we got a bunch of trials at once .
the regular solderable dz60 should support the wkl/hhkb/tsangan layout but not all pcbs support all layouts particularly hotswappable ones
would anyone happen to know any good trustworthy software or services to fill out the sa100 form .
it 's too late for me to start this fiscal year so i will likely be starting in the next one .
i have gotten my head around most of this and other than classification between self employed and sole trader the only thing i have yet to figure out is the filing out of the relevant forms .
i 'm a red-blooded american man and i love a sexy woman any time of the day or night but i honestly do not understand anyone male or female sending nudes to someone unsolicited and i hear and see about this stuff all the time .
well as he states in the interview it was more of a manufacturing cost road-block as it required new tooling and until now they had n't overcome that hurdle
tho when i start digging in the source code i feel like in a deep forest .
well at least for now hope to see the light soon peace !
meu último post foi um relato de como meu tio fazia negociações com o sindicato do lula sindicato dos metalúrgicos ele era diretor de rh de uma multinacional no grande abc .
agora um relato meu estávamos todos na empresa no dia em que o representante do sindicato veio negociar com o dono da nossa empresa .
lá pelas 11:30 o almoço era meio dia eles chamam todo mundo pro pátio que o sindicato queria conversar conosco '' .
o cara do sindicato fica na nossa frente com o dono da empresa do lado dele .
ele fica 15 minutos falando das conquistas do sindicato ... os médicos colônias de férias os aumentos etc .
depois começa a perguntar se a empresa estava dando o café da manhã respondemos que sim mentira mas o dono tava do lado pergunta das condições de trabalho e respondemos que estava tudo certo mentira mas o dono tava do lado .
de repente esse coitado pergunta se o pessoal está utilizando os serviços do sindicato a qual tínhamos direito ... aí um colega começa
o cara e a mulher do lado dele ficaram brancos e já tremendo a voz responderam você devia ter me ligado conhecemos você faz tempo lá se tivesse me falado a gente tinha dado um jeito e conseguido uma consulta e os remédios ''
o nosso colega respondeu na lata pra ele acontece que eu não quero dever favor pra ninguém e se eu não tivesse seu telefone ?
que que eu ia fazer com a minha filha ?
e se fosse outra pessoa aqui que não te conhece ?
pra mim ou as coisas funcionam ou não funcionam ... essa história de dar jeitinho porque conhece é na verdade uma sacanagem com os outros que você ia tirar o atendimento de alguém que não te conhece pra encaixar minha filha . ''
nessa hora bateu o sinal e fomos todos almoçar mas eu fiquei por perto porque nosso colega continuou falando com o representante .
ele brigou com o cara do sindicato inclusive por fazer as perguntas ao lado do patrão dizendo você pergunta um monte de coisa com o chefe do lado e tá achando o que ?
que alguém vai meter a boca na empresa pra ser mandado embora ?
se quisesse saber mesmo as coisas perguntava pra gente do portão pra fora e não aqui dentro '' .
a imagem que você tem dos sindicatos não é o que acontece na realidade .
leia meu outro post pra saber como eram as negociações pelo lado do patrão .
vídeo sobre sindicatos do milton friedman https www.youtube.com/watch ? v=xzygioc9cj4
i live in the us as well and still no sign of episode 10 .
i agree.. i love ethan and hila and the podcast !
when i miss their old stuff i go watch it .
just keep hearing stuff like there is no sally here . ''
if they were the same then the bar would prolly be gone .
light cleric is always fun if you wan na play a cleric that does n't step on the toes of the celestial warlock
i know of no others that i could safely assume are yours lol
fredo capo cdai tadoe blood money ballout doowop bosstop caperboy gino traysavage jusglo sd i do n't think he obligated to bring anyone out tho just his family close ones imo .
it 's noisy as hell but very fun to play
looks like it might be u/princessveronica1948 but she 's deleted her account .
i found this http gonewildsub.club/as-requested-titty-drop-featuring-my-ass-enjoy-f20 but i 'm not sure it 's her .
where are you i 'm in the states and it wo n't let me play the song
i 've heard of people making this mistake in other places with the whole 'dial 9 for external line ' plus 'dial 1 for long distance ' .
1 slip of the finger connects you with the police .
seems like a simple solution but why hasnt anyone regulated the use of 'dial 9 for external line ' ?
like some government org telling phone companies to stop doing that or why dont they just take it upon themselves ?
i mean ... no one is using any sword regardless of quality for battle '' lol .
nobody said they were the same just that they share one thing in common .
it 's possible for two people who disagree on a lot of things to agree on one thing .
just showed the picture of the squad what 's the hack in this ?
bolus when your food arrives correct if you have to and make sure to always have some snacks on you
indifferrent though i guess the general community needs to not see it .
as alot of people said knowing could lead to early gg throwing .
some people say they 'd like to see it so they know if the enemy will be coordinated or not .
first you do n't know if it is a group of randomers partying together for the first time .
second i 've had games where the soloers were more coordinated than the stackers .
third why not assume the enemy is good and play well yourself some people have said they would play safer against stacks ... soloers can punish you too .
recently had a nova say to me she was throwing because there were no low level players to snipe off so nova ca n't work imagine wanting to either noob stomp or not bother playing .
lol i 've been on this site since 2011 and i have n't found it to be all that different at all .
it still scratches '' the same itch its community is both still chill yet super annoying in all of the same ways etc .
i see all the exact same type of bullshit on reddit i 've always seen .
it could be that you 're getting older too – when you 're a teenager you 're with your own kind on reddit .
when you 're older you get annoyed by a lot the same immature shit be it the hive mind '' tendency the sense of humor etc .
that you used to find funnier and relate to more .
plus it 's like a natural filtering process – the only memories of reddit that are good enough to last all these years are really good you do n't remember all the boring uninteresting or annoying posts .
additionally i 've struggled all my life with anxiety etc and honestly knowing you need help and having the courage to ask for help is huge .
definitely seek out counseling at school they have seen other students who feel this way too and will likely be able to help you through this rough time .
the only way you 'll fail is if you quit trying .
keep reaching out to people and if you get rejected then i 'm sure your thesis will still be great without the interviews just take it one day at a time you got this !
eat a bowl of top ramen then clean the bowl then repeat .
6 is crazy — 3-4 is basically the dynasty of the era .
what in the actual fuck is 'potus shield ' ?
is this actually a business whose sole job is to try to defend trump ?
god damnit i 'm so tired of this timeline .
you will need to read up reddit/youtube guides because the game does a pretty poor job of explaining a bunch of its mechanics .
for a one who 's gon na be f2p ?
you get daily login ace chips from the store .
do n't forget to use those for faster cell fusions at the middle man .
i do n't know give it a shot i guess .
whether your time is worth this game is for you to decide .
they had a reason they just could n't say it out loud .
ah that 's fine we 'll do this one for now then
but eventually nuclear power can and should also be replaced as soon as there 's something viable .
name one source that is just as or more reliable safe space efficient and clean as nuclear .
i 've watched some of his fights he certainly is entertaining
easy way to make a visitor laugh if you know they 've been doing the vegas tourist thing ask them which part of the strip smelled most like piss .
many people in powerful post of our government want end times .
there 's no way i could have held baby right away because i was numb from the shoulders down but my husband held our son when they stitched me up and then did skin to skin in the recovery room until i could hold baby .
then i did skin to skin while a nurse kept on eye on us because i still could n't move well and was so tired from all the drugs .
we did n't attempt breastfeeding until a couple hours later .
it was fine lo was n't interested anyway and would fall asleep the second we put him to the breast .
well i mean cnn polls are kinda sus imo and they usually skew left so if those polls show trump winning that 's pretty bad
maybe not super obvious but i thought all of the epstein didnt kill himself memes meant he was still alive .
i only found out they meant he got murdered yesterday
so personally i do n't have experience with leaving bags in huế for a short period of time as i was staying at a guesthouse and was in huế for four days .
i do n't think that 5 hours is enough to see huế but you could pick one thing and see it and eat some really good food too .
i would recommend the imperial palace and the minh mang royal tomb .
in 5 hours you could only really do one or the other .
the imperial palace is in the centre of the city and is worth the time .
the minh mang tomb is quite far from central huế being roughly a half hour away .
personally while i liked both i preferred the minh mang tomb for its natural beauty and relative tranquility .
as for food in huế i would highly recommend madame thu a restaurant in huế serving delicacies from thừa thiên huế province at affordable prices .
i also recommend goofoo gelato they have the best mint ice cream i 've ever had and really good cà phê sữa đá vietnamese coffee .
i took the train from huế to danang during the day .
vietnamese trains are spacious comfortable and all round amazing .
the amenities are good the food and coffee is great .
i also took the night train from nha trang to saigon .
most people will be asleep as it is the reunification express line so some passengers are coming from hanoi .
do n't get me wrong it 's a beautiful town with some amazing buildings but the number of people ruined it for me .
if i had to pick between a couple days in huế and a couple days in hoi an .
hoi an can easily be done in a day .
the best time to escape the crowds and see hoi an is early in the morning .
by 11am it 's filling up by lunchtime it 's swarming and at night it 's apparently worse .
feel free to message me for more advice about other places to see in vietnam .
i spent 2 months this summer backpacking around se asia including 1 month living and travelling around vietnam .
i have friends there plenty of good tips an entire itinerary and am happy to be of assistance .
funny how her lowest grossing movie is her best one
maybe you just spend too much time on the internet .
theoretically that looks like an awesome batman movie cast .
we 're not even in the same league as iran .
we absolutely have a moral high ground over them especially when it comes to allowing people to protest or other forms of free expression .
the excuse making and equivocating for the iranian regime these past few days is insane .
noticed that as well but it 's not consistent so could just be my diet most likely
this person is really feeling themselves for a rating .
they are still very poor compared to the us and their neighbors across the gulf .
5k in real gdp per capita terms 20k in ppp terms .
they are also in a pretty bad economic slump due to sanctions have barely enough to fund the government and even are having to raise internal oil prices so no they do not have the ability to wage a major costly war .
were you at the edge of the map all the way in the back ?
i 've found that if i walk up some then it fixes it
i try to do cheat meals and not entire days .
but until you can get your head around eating healthier you have to treat it like an addiction .
you will be tempted and probably ca n't handle just one little taste .
create a plan and stick to it while cutting then when you get to an ideal weight find a calorie range that seems to maintain the weight you are at .
you will not be able to resume your old eating habits because that is what created the issue .
for me i eat a cut diet to lose weight then find portions of foods i like and mix them in to meet a desired range .
i personally can cut at 1200 calories on days i am inactive 1400-1500 on good active days .
then maintain weight at 1500-1700 with up to 2000 once a week .
i try to make sure it 's low carb low sugar and high protein .
if i want fast food i get a burger without to much extra stuff and just do n't get fries .
i find if i do n't order sides or refrain from eating then i can enjoy good entrees .
always go for the veggie side if it 's available .
to recap if overeating caused a weight or health issue .
you are addicted to over eating or unhealthy foods .
treat it like battling an addiction and every good decision is a victory one step at a time .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
most of the books are free online and almost all classical music is in the public domain .
i did not intend my message to imply spending money was required .
maybe not the reply you want or something that is applicable to your situation but i also suffer from depression and social anxiety and by working service jobs it has made me handle it better because it 's literally just work .
it 's like it 's not affecting me in a personal way since it 's work .
in turn it 's made it easier to go out with friends or be in crowds because it 's just a concert or it 's just a bar .
slowly i 'm just getting used to it and honestly enjoying it more and more .
just remember to turn off the customer service smile/voice when talking to friends/family/not customers anymore it 's creepy .
looks like one of those hideous maps on civ 6 where you ca n't get any good location dude to the breaks in land haha
to view them use the saucenao https saucenao.com website .
it 's not difficult to play killer without ruin .
what i am not right about because i have n't made any claims about it one way or the other is whether or not new ruin will be viable .
they balance the game around 2 kills so if killers start getting stomped in every single game they 'll change something .
but the difference between me and an asshole is i say oops sorry . ''
someone who is an asshole says well its not my fault cuz youre making my life harder ''
yeah it 's very pretty but hobnail is more like rounded little points everywhere so it 's definitely not that .
sorry i 'm new to collecting so i have no idea what that pattern would be called .
it kind of looks more quilted if that 's a thing ?
edit actually is it possible the base of the lamp is actually a lamp shade ?
because it looks an awful lot like this https www.etsy.com/listing/640260567/vintage-1960s-milk-glass-white-quilted ? gpla=1 gao=1 utm_source=google utm_medium=cpc utm_campaign=shopping_us_c-home_and_living-lighting-lamps-table_lamps utm_custom1=_kenshoo_clickid utm_content=go_270949235_39873149182_194298114846_pla-305388325416_m__640260567 gclid=eaiaiqobchmiikx7zovy5givs73ach2uewvbeaqydyabegkctfd_bwe
there are no real dietary restrictions however ive found squirrels have a bit of a sweet tooth .
they seem to love junk food and things high in sugar/salt especially oreos .
obviously if you adore your wild friends these foods although loved probably are n't the best choice fat squirrels ca n't escape predators including cars .
if you have a rehab/non releasable these foods change drastically .
if i 'm correct in my knowledge off the top of my head a wild squirrel lives 2-3 years on average whereas one in captivity 20 years .
hey did you know that communism is n't stalinism ?
i 'm not personally a communist but you 've got to realize reducing all possible outcomes of communism to stalinism is the same as reducing all possible outcomes of a free market libertarian society to somalia slave auctions and ludlow massacres .
it said complete refund if done within 45 days i did it within 15. it also said they will owe me 10 penalty if they cant process the refund in 1 month time
baker being out is the only reason i took psu too
fans like this enormous mary sue character so we 'll just magically make him avoid death over and over then supercharge him even more . ''
we 're turning into got season 7 garbage with this crap .
it 's even worse when a front wheel is in the generator and still wo n't charge .
does that mean they 'll never be able to sell their house ?
he had a noodle arm and was n't a highly rated recruit despite shattering just about every washington hs passing record .
i had a tv like that when i was smoll thank you
if you 're worried about the child 's potentially harmful behavior consulting strangers on the internet is your course of action instead of correcting it .
that 's what i 'm getting the sense of .
most people say that birthright gets approval from the government or something before going anywhere and if it 's somewhere that would n't be safe they do n't bring the tour group there
i 'm not a big believer in green tech '' .
i do n't even suggest that xr is the answer '' .
as i said no single movement or idea is going to work on this one .
so once you delete all your wrong assumptions out of your response .
as if xr gets replaced by another popular movement against climate change you will target them instead .
that is not a defensible position for someone who claims they think climate change is a serious problem .
it is a defensible position for someone who 's sole aim is to try to sabotage popular movements .
once again you portray yourself as an oil lobby propaganda merchant .
your entire purpose is apparently sabotage of xr and other popular movements should they appear .
providing genuine alternative solutions an alternative platform is not on your agenda in the slightest .
i would agree usually but after playing gregtech new horizons i would say that 's an exception i can favor over since its a complete rewrite of everything and is intended as a hardcore grind .
it just feels like such a reward in that pack when you can double your output finally on planks compared to normal because you earned it .
one of the few progressions in a pack where i felt like the effort i put in made sense and was worth the grind .
by telling them to go after the one ship that had no momentum against it ?
if you wanted to help those two there were plenty of more viable options .
i was trying to use this post as a way to just try to get all the puritans out here to shut up .
if they 're going to push identity politics i at least want them to see something that will shut them up but bullying them out of it would be worse because just like this stuff it 's not how this fan base should work .
if it looks like i myself am pushing this i apologize but my goal was to get all the puritans to just come to a point where they 're like okay good enought
that and platinum and champion are notorious for being toxic ranks .
generally the best thing to do is just ignore what the teammate or opponent is saying report the player and finish the game .
if this post makes you suffer upvote this comment .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/makemesuffer if you have any questions or concerns .
thanks i 'll let you know when i 'm able to do the others
all the biden lovers here need to realize a big reason why sanders is polling slightly below biden above in some places is because the support for sanders and warren are split .
it 's very likely that if one dropped out most supporters would go to the other .
my preference is sanders he has the most individual donors has less baggage and most of all is inspiring .
winning the presidency is only one small victory we need to take steps to move america in a more progressive direction and bernie has already proven he can do exactly that .
if you do n't want new players in your matches then grind your way out of new player mmr .
i 've killed regret twice and the pain was fucking awful .
honor guards grunts jackals more honor guards and his fucking laser beam .
i only do such things when our 4 kids are asleep normally .
4 kids+stoned into the great beyond a bad time for everyone .
now if the wife wants to keep an eye on things before bedtime so i can smother that thing is 1:1 ratio cannabis butter and get fubar that 's cool .
or i watch them so she can fly off to fantasy land lol .
i 've been searching archives of sims 3 properties but i can not find it .
the house i am remembering was a small house i am pretty sure it was a starter because i remember using it a lot but i can not remember if a sim family lived it in by default .
it came with the game but i am not sure if it was basegame or xpac i had them all .
it was a bungalow and the thing i remember most about it was when you walked in the door it had a diagonal half-wall on your immediate right with a square dining table up against it and the living room on the other side .
i think the kitchen was directly across from the door and i think it was only 1 bedroom but it may have been 2 .
it was a pretty small house and i think the front door was in the middle between two bay-window shaped rooms .
i loved this house and i would love to find a remake of it or remake it myself !
the rabbit moved at a quick pace hopping down one of the many heavily-trafficked trails winding through the endless wood .
no one monitored their progress from the trees to either side .
it was apparent that everyone already knew what had happened word spread quickly through the forest .
dolly hissed thinking of the hawk that had followed mary to school .
the pack has something to do with this kill .
black was no fool he would n't make a direct move while her alliance remained at full strength .
the pack had come to the squirrels with an offering – they had certainly approached other families in an attempt to undermine her authority .
if the wolves managed to reclaim their place atop the forest hierarchy they would challenge the humans for superiority .
it was a challenge they could not possibly win but they would try it nevertheless .
dolly wished she had n't been forced to leave the school .
certainly there was safety in numbers but the same youthful mind that had forgotten a principle rule of the school could easily be lured away from its kin .
if black managed to get mary alone there was nothing the girl could do to defend herself .
i must not let him turn the others against the humans .
they must understand that there is no going back to the time before ...
eventually the rabbit came to a stop before a distinctive tree trunk .
ahead was a small glade that belonged to luka 's family .
haunting bird calls filled the air – a song of mourning .
she had tasked the rabbits with finding luka but based on the location the sheep wagered that the leader of the bears had already arrived .
corn claims that one of the pack lured the humans into the wood .
one of the humans with the hunter attempted to kill it and shot nova instead.
was anyone else there ? it was a story that would n't hold much weight without proof .
the larger animals were unlikely to believe the word of a scavenger .
remind the elders that as of this moment our agreement still holds.
she needed to speak to luka directly to prevent unnecessary bloodshed .
if the bears attacked the humans and were wiped out it would give the pack the opening they needed .
i want a status report from the school by the time i finish .
and get a location on the pack they 've obviously claimed a base of operation .
with a nod the rabbit disappeared into the underbrush .
the sheep took a deep breath before proceeding forward .
if this event was truly of black 's design caution was of the upmost importance .
tensions with the humans had always been high – her job was to diffuse them to promote coexistence .
since the expulsion of the pack two years before the forest had been at peace .
if she handled this poorly it could be thrown back into chaos .
countless gleaming eyes watched from above their owners sheltered within the leafy trees surrounding the glade .
the sleuth of bears was gathered around their fallen kin a bloody trail marking the way from which they had come .
their leader luka observed the body in silence his dark eyes heavy with sorrow .
dolly stopped before the outermost bear awaiting permission to approach .
she hoped to hold the ensuing conversation in private .
you promised us that the killings had come to an end that the humans understood boundaries !
luka was a mess of soil-colored fur his normally-stoic face twisted in rage and his deadly teeth exposed .
the bear stopped before her and roared sending the animals in attendance into further frenzy .
those responsible must pay dolly said calmly once the forest had calmed .
she spoke loudly ensuring her voice reached the ears of all within the glade .
they have made offers to your families promises they will never keep .
black does not care about any of you not even his own pack .
black knew that this peace would not last that our families would someday meet the same fate as his pack.
there was a smattering of agreement for the onlookers .
i have it on good authority that the humans did not intentionally harm nova .
they have domesticated animals to supply their meat and furs .
luka stared into the sheep 's eyes for a long moment .
before the bear could speak a dark voice interrupted the proceedings .
like a shadow the great wolf emerged from the other side of the clearing .
his black hair was disheveled filled with briers and thorns .
scars marred his snout and upper lip resulting in the permanent exposure of his yellowed razor teeth .
the wolf 's golden eyes narrowed as he studied the gathering .
the human lover comes to their defense once again he proclaimed .
how much longer before you fools realize the truth ?
it is fed from their harvest gives its wool willingly to keep their furless hides warm !
black paused the remains of its lips turning upward into a smirk .
she cares for their children as if they were her own .
soon this place will not be anyone 's home !
with a last glance at dolly black turned and disappeared into the forest .
ms could use the slate to do a us centric xo style event now that they have a diverse slate of services and games coming out .
monday night blowout aaa presentation and showing with the third party publishers bringing trailers etc .
tuesday show floor with demos on pcs and consoles and panels .
that would also allow ms to be anchored with their core country whilst also using the end of year xo to promote ms services and consoles around the world hong kong korea australia europe etc .
i am an admin in the team hard online racing series yes with affiliation to the touring car team and we are looking for some new members for our new touring car season starting in a few weeks .
we usually have around 17/18 most weeks but we 're always looking to have more .
old favourites of the series are returning so now would be the best time to join see the best of what the series has to offer !
if you wan na see more here 's a link to the facebook page where we are based https www.facebook.com/team-hard-online-racing-series-786650878111159
edit should have mentioned this is forza 7 rather than horizon 4 .
hello i 'm an econ major thinking about transferring into the international affairs program
the problem is i do n't know anyone in this program and i would like to talk to people who are doing it or have finished the program already and how it 's like .
okay maybe not quiet a little lizard but lol .
she 's just over a year old now she 'll be two in january 3 https preview.redd.it/8m0eaw8wbna41.jpg ? width=1440 format=pjpg auto=webp v=enabled s=c9ac92e10f74130d7105fbd4c73f52d9d8871287
we have to plug the braking system into cigarette lighter to power it but while towing the ignition is off and hence no power to lighter outlet .
what do you do to power the braking system ?
do any of you guys know any black metal bands that sell casettes ?
this would include rent utilities and food/basics no luxuries .
i am trying to figure out how to live as a student on what will be a very restrictive student visa .
so i have an iphone5 which is fairly old now and other than the battery is in pristine condition .
was thinking of escaping the ios echo system but was n't 100 sold .
looking for a new handset that fills the requirements below .
can import my contacts notes message history including imessage into new phone .
can import/access all attachment and chat history in the whatsapp and line apps .
have the ability to easily record all incoming and outgoing phone calls without paying for a 3rd party service .
it would be a plus if the battery was removable .
i was under the impression that there would be more apps for android that would allow for phone recording but it appears this is not the case and that many have had issues of late .
if software recording is not stable i was thinking of using a hands free set and an inline audio recorder .
i believe this means i would need a 3.5mm jack or at least a usb to 3.5mm dongle .
i 'm transgender and plan on getting hair removed with electrolysis mostly for my face legs pits and privates ... would they just do one thing at a time ?
will the hairs they remove for the most part not grow back ...
i know that i 'll need multiple visits to get rid of all of the body hair ... how much do they remove per visit ?
could someone give me a run down of the process ?
i am getting a classic mustang soon and for a license plate thinking b0j4ck cause bojack is a horse and it 's a pony car .
so recently i 've been having an issue where my mouse where it will randomly scroll further than it should while i 'm scrolling .
you 'll basically be scrolling like normal and then suddenly it 'll scroll a couple of rows more than it should in one go .
there does n't really seem to be a pattern to it though it happens more frequently while scrolling slowly .
i had the same problem with a steelseries mouse a couple of years ago but it resolved itself when i switched to my current corsair saber mouse .
i 've since swapped out every component in my computer save for the main hard drive and reinstalled windows 10 twice but the same issue has started cropping up again .
at first it did n't happen that often but it seems to be increasing in frequency .
i 've only really observed the issue in chrome .
i think it happens in spotify too but it 's harder to tell and i do n't really scroll a lot in any other programs .
i have no idea if i 'm the worst at using mice unlucky or if it 's a software issue .
before i activated my new phone i logged out of instagram on my old phone and did a factory reset .
i installed instagram on my new phone but when i try to login all i get is a blank screen that says oops an error occurred '' .
my app is up-to-date and the phone is a galaxy s10 .
i tried resetting the password but i still get the same error when i try to log in .
i tried logging in to instagram on chrome with the new password and i get the same error .
i tried logging in on instagram for windows 10 and it says please try again later '' .
why does my home screen flash a light tint of red on my homescreen ?
master shunji was asked by a monk what is someone engaged in great practice like ?
the monk asked what about someone creating a lot of karma ?
shunji then said you ask me about good—good does not follow evil .
you ask me about evil—evil does not follow good .
therefore it is said that good and evil are like floating clouds arising and disappearing both having no abode.
any way to get the fox sports apk off a firestick 4k and run it on the shield ?
would love to test it with the nfc championship this sunday .
b/o 27 manifold paradox pa arcanas or pa tb pudge arcanas mix
can accept all kind of arcanas standart exalted inscribed etc
yeah i made more this year by about 5k but what gives ?
eles acham que elas são de família kkkk eu to cagando pra minha família e odeio crianças kkk acha mesmo que serei boa esposa ?
ironically the best place to find funny political memes is in r/rightcantmeme and r/theleftcantmeme .
about half the time their names are total misnomers as the memes posted in those subs are often very very funny .
but unless you are a political extremist or a total stick in the mud those subs will have you in stitches .
my personal favorites are the funny ones that still have 40 comments all a variation on how is exaggerating someone 's characteristics or ideas an attempt at humor '' obviously with different wording but that 's what they are asking with out knowing it .
so i am not quite sure i have the title correct .
we have offices in 3 countries each with their own domain .
we also have separate accounts for box with logins for each user .
for a number of reasons it makes sense for us to combine all logins under one account .
where i am not sure it will work is sso .
we have sso set up using aad which uses ad connect to sync with our on-prem ads .
if we migrate all box users to one account say on the .com domain can i use some sort of federation/trust so the aad handling the authentication for the sso will pass on the .co.uk or .com.au login auth requests to the relevant domain aad .
i 'm interested in seeing how people like/do n't like it .
i think the differences from classic pad make it worth the 10-15 price so far .
direct pvp is obviously the main draw and it feels pretty fun .
every battle is like fighting a different dungeon in classic pad .
they 're limited to a minimum of 4 and maximum of 8 turns so they 're not too short and not too long .
the orb puzzle is still important but so is planning out the use of your actives because your opponent has the power to trip you up if you 're not careful .
the gacha gives you monsters with semi-random awakenings only semi '' because i do n't see any monster with off-color row or oe awakenings so you 're still looking for good coverage of defensive awakenings while offensive ones are more of a bonus .
but with the high variability of monsters it means there 's a greater chance of you rolling for less than useful monsters .
i 'm not sure of there 's a box space limit .
the limitation to only having a handful of leads maybe there 's like 20ish total including unlockable ones is both positive and negative .
you do n't have to go through your entire box trying to figure out the best leads or depend on the gacha to give you a powerful one but team building the subs is still a prominent aspect to the game .
you do n't really have the ability to stall in battles so figuring out the right combination of low cooldowns skill boosts and overall synergy in your team are more important in gold .
i wonder if there will be a problem in the future of there being a few standard teams/leads that everyone uses with even smaller variety than the current classic pad meta .
one unique part of gold is that your leads can learn new actives which you can choose among when team building .
one unlocks after using a lead 10 times and another unlocks after earning something like 300 or 400 points with that lead points are awarded based on winning/losing and online vs local/practice 30 points per online win is the highest .
so there 's that additional grind aspect to the game to level up your leads .
the tiebreaking mechanic is also interesting triggered when you and your opponent kill each other 's last health bars at the same turn .
your average combo count is your starting score then you get an additional point for each color you get a damage victory in i think this is doing more damage in that color than your opponent .
so rainbow teams actually have that secondary advantage over an equivalent monocolor team .
overall it 's different enough to keep me interested for a while as a long time 2400 login classic pad player .
interested to see what kinds of content updates they might do .
i know there are a trillion characters in the fire emblem universe but this is getting a little excessive ... how many sword-wieldling generic humans that fight essentially the same can be added to a game before half the roster is filled with them ?
i really loved the idea of adding characters like cloud and joker why not do more of that ?
i 'm new to the way the freestyle libre works .
tonight as i put it on i saw that blood went inside the sensor .
i 've noticed that having too many things on one lot really bogs the game down so i 'm keeping my decorating on my home lots to a minimum so they 're playable .
the issue however is that i want a large family .
the mom has the ltw to raise 5 kids which means i need a decent sized home with enough space so everyone does n't get stuck in a small hallway somewhere it 's already happened with my mom/dad couple in this small house i built so i had to widen the hall by one already .
so i have two options for this 1 build only a 1 story home for a large family but on a bigish lot 2 build a 2 story home for a large family but keep it on a smallish lot .
pizza is godly to me when i 'm high .
i 'm already done with sacks pass deflections fumble recoveries tackles interceptions int yards and tds but when i go to strip sack the qb out of straight rush in special teams defense i do it like 20 times a game and the qb loses the football which i take to the house but ea only gives me 1-2 forced fumbles even though i forced 20 .
that and what 's a good way to get tfl with tillman i wish sacks counted with that but they do n't ...
could someone please explain in normal way how number of pcie lanes affect a possible set of hardware on x570 and ryzen 3 series ?
i have no idea what is meant by ryzen 3 specs pcie 4.0 x16 '' does it mean max 16 lanes at all pcie 3.0 too ?
i do want to use two m.2 nvme drives particularly samsung 970 thus two pcie 3.0 x4 with full size gpu thus plus pcie 3.0 x16 so it is 24 pcie lines i have no idea how da fck to calculate compatibility with ryzen 3 here sos plz
dont add me unless i agree to your offer .
list not 100 updated so some games may be gone
metro 2033 risen sacred citadel one key for these three games
sid meier 's civilization® v gods and kings dlc not available in am az br by cu ge ir kg kp kz md mm ru sy tj tm ua uz
dreadout collection dreadout keepers of the dark dreadout and dreadout soundtrack manga dlc
strong bad 's cool game for attractive people season 1
the dream machine chapter 1-4 redeemed gift link by me but unredeemed code
jow reddit is there a song to the office theme song with vocals ?
there 's a homebrew manual from the 2016 about epic levels for the different classes and archetypes from the player 's handbook and heroes of the orient manual but i 've never found a manual like this for the xanathar ones do you guys have any suggestion for them ?
i have cbbe curvy if that helps ... .. i have modded games like minecraft stardew valley and flout 4 and skyrim on xbox but im just getting into fallout and skyrim on the pc cause i have a pc that can handle the games so naturally pc is better cause nude and sex mods .
hi guys i have an iphone 11 and am having problems with anything i say being typed in text whenever messages are open .
i 'm not even pressing the dictation button and had tried turning dictation off .
please be aware of an indian couple early to mid 30 's striking up a conversation and trying to get your phone number .
they are recruiting for some multilevel marketing schemes mlm aka pyramid scheme .
their mo includes asking about restaurant recommendations in the area claiming to be from irving and just visiting '' richardson .
gauging how long individuals have been around and steering the conversation towards job opportunities '' .
they were seen at walmart supercenter on coit road and target on saturday and sunday respectively .
i want to become a bigger bimbo slut that monique alexander .
i was recommended this show by a friend for many years and i finally gave in .
been going strong about 3 weeks of steady watching and i 'm on the final season .
hello everybody today we are holding the int chain 's first ama of 2020 .
and 13 questions have been selected and will be answered by freddy .
q1 i want to know your marketing strategy for 2020 and your vision for retail investors in the next voting system .
a1 for the future voting system we hope that more members can use their own rights to participate in community construction and jointly decide on the development and trend of the int ecosystem .
q2 can you please explain more details about the utility of int within the ecosystem ?
a2 first of all it acts as a medium for transactions and gas fee .
it is also a representative of voting rights for community governance .
it is an important factor to ensure the safe and efficient operation of the blockchain system .
it will also serve as a cross-chain interaction medium for the int ecosystem in the future .
q3 will there be a web3 interface like for eth to deploy dapps and smart contract ?
a3 yes after int chain 4.0 released in the future，we will provide relevant rpc interfaces for deploying smart contracts .
at the same time we will also launch the function of deploying smart contracts on the wallet .
q4 does int will also try to conquest '' europeen market ?
currently many types of int equipment are limited to the chinese market .
in the future with our understanding and research of the european market if everything is ready we believe that our products will expand to new markets such as europe .
after more and more dapps and ecosystem getting mature i believe there will be stablecoin on int .
q6：what will be the next development steps for the project after the deployment of the mainnet .
a6：mainnet 4.0 the next development of int chain will be mainly in the construction of the technical community the development of dapps and the upgrade and maintenance of mainnet code .
q7 can you tell us more about vipcoin exchange ?
are you building your own exchange or is it a partnership ?
we have partnership with vipcoin the purpose is to build an int chain ecological asset trading platform .
it will include int chain incubation projects and a decentralized trading platform based on the int chain mainnet .
q8 can you tell us more about « intchain open » ?
it seems you created a test environment for developers .
a8 int chain open is a set of systems we build for community developers mainly including different versions of testnets documents of api access open source code and developer technical community .
q9 when do you think the ipbft code will be fully released on github ?
a9 currentle we are accelerating the process we estimate it will be released at the end of first quarter of 2020 .
we will invite community partners to do the test of testnet together .
q10 what are the next dapps or ieo you are planning to launch in the coming months ?
a10 our next dapp red pocket feature will be officially released in january 2020 .
q11 when will the new router going to be released ?
a11 the new version of router due to the addition of the intfs function will be delayed from the original planned release time .
q12 in june 2018 you had preliminary cooperation plan with a zhejiang state-owned enterprise and a sales agreement with a service provider for a blockchain solution .
does int will become a super node of this block chain ?
a12 this project is only about technology side like providing blockchain solutions .
there is no relationship with node and governance about int token or coin .
q13 are you still in discussion with lenovo for the supply chain of agriculture ?
a13 as an important area where blockchain technology can play a role int chain has been continuously communicating and implementing relevant cooperation issues not only with lenovo but also with other companies .
ok backstory so yesterday i was drinking at my dads birthday party they 're fine with me drinking some stuff as long as i 'm supervised
so when we get home my parents go to bed and i go to my room i drank more after that by myself then i smoked a 2 cigs .
but fuck i do n't remember where i put the empty box or the lighters .
i thought i put it under my mattress but i guess not .
hi i just bought the gf 63 9sc 15.6 '' but the touchpad lower part is quite loose unlike the upper part which is stiff .
so i 've been playing the free version of d2 and am curious about the expansions since i want to unlock all content in the game .
do i need to buy both shadowkeep and forsaken ?
if so should i buy them separately or should i buy the pack with both ?
launching a spaceship together is easier and more fun !
i 've ordered myself an ashwagandha tincture online but was just wondering how long you guys have taken yours for and if you built any tolerance to it ?
im trying it for anxiety but dunno how long you can take it for roughly
i wanted to share my experience with newborn aio and cloth diapering from birth well 2nd day of life when we got home from the hospital these are my first impressions after a relatively short time .
i can write an update as my lo begins to grow into and outgrow all her newborn diapers .
my baby is a little girl weighed 6 lbs 7 oz 2900 g and 49 cm at birth .
there have been some complaints from others about how the newborn aio diapers fit when the baby has skinny legs our lo has a proportionately sized belly so maybe that 's why we still had a really good fit with some nb aios as long as the leg holes could be made right enough !
actually a way better fit than the disposies we were given to use at the hospital .
rumparooz lil joeys fit our scrawny lil baby thin legs but with a small belly .
but all the gutters and such mean that i turn them inside out and snapped to stay open to make sure there wo n't be any poop traces somewhere in a seam .
my husband apparently does n't do that and i have n't noticed so maybe i 'm a little extra cautious .
saw poop traces in gutters after washing once or twice with the meconium diapers which the stains came out of nicely !
then i had to hand wash them after they get out of the laundry .
i bought these really cheap and they dry pretty fast so while waiting for her to grow into her other diapers i 'm getting by on using the 8 i have together with the 3 smart bottoms and disposies if we are out .
i read so many bad reviews of these i was expecting not to like them and was regretting the purchase before even using them so i really required convincing to like these !
born smart v 2.0 by smart bottoms are amazing ! ! !
they have the little cutout for the umbilical stump and they fit so well !
they feel pretty absorbant she pees them and they can get really heavy without a leak .
these are great if you have a scrawny legged baby !
i really wish i had bought more of these !
the patterns are adorable i will be ordering more of these .
the blueberry simplex nb are fast drying but we have n't been able to use them since the leg holes are so big on her .
when i was holding lo the pee just ran out the leg hole !
i will have to get back to you on these
we have n't tried the motherease yet since there is no way they will fit !
i really like how the material feels and the patterns though .
joined just for this tried to write a post but i do n't think they liked my style in the first one so here it goes again in a different way .
today i told my friend and his fiancee that neither my wife nor i would be participating in the wedding or any wedding related events as we can not support their planned nuptials .
this is a personal stance that we have taken after careful consideration of the circumstances and while we respect their right to make decisions as the groom is a long time friend of ours we felt we needed to say something .
the reason we felt this way is number of red flags that we 've seen during this short relationship that has now become a quick wedding .
they met a year ago and moved in after only two weeks of dating .
she had just left the man she was currently engaged to when she met my friend .
after living together for 8 months they became engaged with a quick wedding to follow at which they will be serving a buffet of french fries cheese and gravy .
i was asked to be a groomsman for the wedding and while at first i was only a bit reluctant of the idea i agreed to stand up for my friend .
it was only later when i was informed of some of the plans being put in motion that i grew concerned enough to bail out of the wedding and suggest that it not take place .
the most concerning other than her stated desire to have a baby as soon as possible red flag as a friend is that to sell his home that he currently owns and use his equity to purchase a new home ... . which is to be put in his bride and mother in law 's names only .
upon hearing all of this i had no choice but to become concerned that my friend was not only walking willingly down the plank but doing a cannonball yelling wooooooo ! !
into a pool filled with hot lava level of pain to come .
i told him that we could not attend exactly why i felt that way and that if he was smart he would get out of there asap .
you probably did better than the kid with the bird i heard about on the news .
his left arm is the deathwing apothecary terminator fist glued to a tactical marine arm .
unfortunately your story has been removed because your account is very new .
while we allow the use of throwaway accounts we get a lot of non-pro or rule-breaking stories from very new accounts .
thus all posting accounts must be at least 10 days old with at least 50 combined karma .
to be considered pro revenge your revenge must go well above and beyond what a normal person would do or is expected to do in your situation using significant planning cleverness dedication cunning persistence etc in order to achieve an effective revenge .
the overwhelming majority of stories from new accounts do n't pass this test and also break one or more of our subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/prorevenge/about/rules .
if your story sounds like it might not be pro you should submit it to r/pettyrevenge or r/regularrevenge or r/schoolyardrevenge .
if you think your story is pro and it fits the above definition of pro revenge and it follows all the subreddit rules you may contact the prorevenge mods https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=/r/prorevenge and request a manual review .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/prorevenge if you have any questions or concerns .
no offense but the naiveté of american voters is astounding .
no individual able and willing to seriously tackle corporate interests for the benefit of the people will be elected president in your current system .
and until americans grasp that glaringly obvious truth the system will not change .
jkise and wshucri have pretty low base atk and can use flat main stats
had er moeten van gemaakt en ik had ge upvotes
find the discord whatsapp facebook page for your local area they 'll let you know what 's available
please make sure to read our rules and report this post if it breaks them
the most alpha of men are already targeted by law enforcement world wide .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
he should n't have gotten so mad but damn you did n't « brag a little » and you also put him down because he said you 're upper middle class ?
unless your place is worth millions you 're likely that and it 's nothing wrong or to be ashamed of ?
these look really nice and at a great price ! go to their site and ... age restriction .
unfortunately under the fair housing law age is not protected .
but if my employer ca n't discriminate on age i know ... but i 'm talking surface level then neither should housing .
wiedzą że coraz więcej dzieciaków rezygnuje to starają się już temu zapobiegać .
w sumie nie rozumiem co im aż tak na tym zależy .
większość z rządzących w kościele to stare dziadki więc będą korzystać z przywilejów kościoła do końca swojego życia .
a może boją się że to wszystko upadnie szybciej niż się spodziewany ?
i used to work for a smallish isp years back and had one of the sales weasels come down because a customer had phoned in the server is down fix it '' .
i took him over to the server room and asked which one ''
image did n't load in my place when i send you that comment that why i ask that .
so you put me in same place with lancer terima kasih
likeliest explanation the shot hit the armor as highlighted by the interface then bounced and hit it somewhere bad so 41.
none of your classmates will likely follow your lead .
you made a smart financial decision that required the swallowing of some pride .
who really wants to be told that they chose the wrong field after investing time and money to get accepted into a school .
it is my experience that most people in the health care field are not the best at managing money and making financial decisions .
the roi for the pharmacy degree now is a fraction of what it use to be not even taking into consideration the possibility of not finding work or getting into a residency .
if someone is willing to commit to a near 300k loan at 6 interest to graduate into a field that currently is paying individuals less than what they started out at 10 plus years ago that is a horrible financial decision and all on them .
the rest well they can figure it out in 4 short years .
i suppose it 's a sarcastic pose for who could enjoy that sort of products ...
flea acknowledged you but didnt show the respect you wanted
did you do that with watering down the paint or did you use another technique ?
you made great work on the highlighting and shadows too .
now i really want to check this set out for myself .
did n't know of it 's existence before i saw this post .
i work in a small privately owned plastics and fiberglass molding factory .
we make very small components for basically any application you could think of and a million applications nobody would ever think of .
there are very few factories of its kind in the area so we fill lots of orders and the factory is open 24/7 .
i work the night shift 11:30pm-7:30am sunday night through thursday night .
contrary to popular belief and media portrayal of what goes on in factories assembly line everybody does one thing and passes it on sort of deal i do not actually build assemble or construct anything at all .
all the work is done by massive machines that are nearly fully automated and count their own parts .
all i do is open the press door take out the parts that were just pressed make sure they 're not defective with a quick glance toss them in a box and close the door .
every 45 seconds for 8 hours with 2 paid 20 minute breaks once at 2:20 and once at 5:40 .
more or less i am paid 16 an hour full time with benefits to listen to music and babysit a giant robot overnight .
if their voices interacted with each other that could be good .
so then before state welfare there were was no problems with poverty and unnecessary suffering ?
hi i have n't played since lvl 70 was the cap and i stopped when i realized how the post lvl 70 leveling system worked as it was n't alt friendly .
i have 4 questions and appreciate any info on them or anything you think is important for me to know .
is there a way to transfer your legacy to another server without having to delete all characters on the server ?
i returned to swtor yesterday after a long time away and am starting again on a more populated server but i do not want to delete my characters that are already there .
i do n't mind solo pve i do n't like group pve for gearing but i prefer to play gsf and pvp warzones is it practical to gear for pvp through just pvp ?
i noticed the old pvp gear system and vendors is gone
is this practical as far as the pvp gear grind is concerned ?
back in the day i would earn pvp commendations and buy gear that way for 2-3 characters a season and that was okay is it worse/better now ?
are the post lvl 75 levels '' account or character bound ?
please do n't delete this post or your verification pics or else you will lose the verified flair .
i ca n't get over some of these titles like french harry potter at the school of sorcerers and how many of them mean stone of the wise '' .
surely these other languages have a term cognate to philosoper 's stone '' .
special shout out for the greek spelling of rooulink '' my instinct would have been the more directly phonetic ροωλινγ .
the grammar in the title anyway looks like koiné so it could be either as it 's between the two .
looking forward to seeing how this squad goes would hope to see skinner and bennett putting in an appearance at some point later in the tournament .
imagine pete horne is still next cab off the rank to cover 10/12 which is still a little worrying fingers crossed finn and hastings stay in one piece !
as it happens i tipped tagive as a left-field selection in a thread the other day always good to see some new faces though he 's probably below graham maitland kinghorn steyn and mcguigan in the pecking order .
speculative side for the first game based on who i think townsend will select
still being called alarmist or pessimistic while doing so even though it 's clearly the humane choice .
i support bernie and i 'll vote for him but i 'd like him to speak out against the venezuelan dictatorship and situation .
i understand he is from the left and i am ok with that but the anarchy in venezuela is beyond any political or economic definition .
i 'd get blackout drunk too if every fucking time billy is getting shit done rick is crawling down to go sniff some wood and stopping all progress .
for a while i helped run a comedy open mic .
i bet this will be another light spamming cancer hero .
i honestly would n't want to see his dick .
it would probably ruin the way i look at him .
oh i in no way shape or form support trump .
his appointments to nlrb and dol are slaps in the face tbh .
he 's incompetent and so ill equipped to have the title president or commander in chief .
but then again i 'm not really a fan of our congress in general there 's a reason why they overall get a poor approval rating .
i do n't see most politicians as actually serving their constituents only the rich basically .
and i do n't hate rich people i only hate the influence they possess .
to me brother fuckers are the ones who throw others under the bus in order to save themselves .
people are free to choose to vote their conviction .
it 's like members of the military being overall very conservative yet they are the ones who are typically war hawks .
there 's more too eye color than just that but generally yes .
looks like they think it 's an issue unique to me .
nah that 's not it coz i tried to leave .
i said it was a shame she did n't have any time to see me and i 'd see her around .
she then came back saying ‘i 'd love to see you again ' .
madden has regressed over the years in teams of gameplay and features .
god i wish 2k was still able to make a football game
and it hurts to give up as it will feel like failure .
i still remember the first time i did this it felt amazing !
there are ferries between sweden and germany that buses go on .
i love how dave chappelle singlehandedly turned ja 's name into a punch line .
twenty years later and i still know what the top comment is gon na be haha
yup and even jumping into service ... i know what to do been thru this before lol
as far as i know demon the fallen is about fallen angels not like true demons but i ca n't really tell the difference more than demons are evil in nature and fallen angels were misunderstood and punished .
character went this way in the moment of despair when it seemed like the whole world is after the coterie and the character wanted to fight back no matter what .
so he sold his soul to become powerful so he can have chances against camarilla sabbat and all the others who were unkind to him .
and i ca n't see where it can lead besides killing friends and allies .
but there must be some temptation that will make him want more .
you probably know this but mamba venom makes your muscles contract and stiffen .
so make sure for your safety that you dont drive yourself to the hospital but that anyone living with you or nearby can take you there
maybe that 's why it 's so long it 's not a motoring magazine or anything like that .
it 's just a comparison site for the prices of cars from different dealerships .
lol i know most well of people taht drive nice cars but dress homeless and there house looking like a trap house so
money was for rough for frank so he decided to hit the pole .
he now idolizes cardi b and lives in a motel 6 .
i hate to get on your level sweaty but you 're a massive retard
i mainly play sdv on mobile and i recently bought the game on steam .
over the weekend i asked her to play some game for me .
few hours later she 's really hooked into it !
i did n't give her any advice or whatsoever and just play the game .
i knew she would like it because of the games cozy and chill gameplay .
she chose riverland because she can fish easily and she 's really good at it .
she even asked me to share my steam account to her so she can continue playing .
i 'll let her play for the meantime and explore the game so that we can co-op together .
mostly her lol.she is most likely spot on that he will spend the 5 dollars on something less wholesome than a skateboard .
you 're ta for being out with her and stopping when she did n't want to stop .
she 's ta for treating the homeless man like he 's garbage because regardless of what he does/did to become homeless or as a homeless person or what he spends the money on he is indeed a person and should be treated as such .
no matter how hard you try it gets worse .
i saw a so heres an hope your day is good
but these findings show only an association and can not prove that marijuana use causes strokes .
the authors noted that other substances such as alcohol may also influence the risk of stroke seen in the study even though the scientists attempted to adjust for additional substance use in their analysis . ''
at the end of the day inhaling any sort of smoke into your lungs is gon na be harmful to your health over time vs not smoking anything .
id like to see this study done with a control group who use edible mj products .
i bought for my second character plans for 10k caps im not sure if plans are worth to much but gun itself is a mandatory for snake built
hey bgs we found an exploit ... pls do something .
instead they be like ... hur durr exploit me use not tell ...
but we should be encouraging the rest of the world who will fundamentally have to deal with climate change to start building nuclear power plants as soon as possible .
instead we 're one of the loudest anti-nuclear voices and are standing by as countries like germany rip there 's up .
a party based western fantasy game based on the dark tower books .
der skal gøres en vigtig distinktion mellem softwareingeniører diplom og computerteknologer cand .
sidstnævnte ligger forholdsvist tæt op ad dataloger omend de har ret forskellige fokuspunkter .
diplomingeniører er derimod generelt meget lidt akademiske kan en ret begrænset mængde matematik ift .
at de skal forestille at være ingeniører og ligger meget nærmere en datamatiker mht .
diplomingeniører konkurrerer sjældent med dataloger om rigtige '' datalogijobs det har førstnævnte simpelthen normalt ikke kompetencerne til .
they were really cool dudes if you did n't berate them all the time
can someone tell me what the hell is up with his goatee ?
i 'm talking about those weird lines protruding toward his neck .
glumesti tu dar pentru mine era super enervant sa traversez in uk .
bonus sa iau autobuze ca stateam ca boul pe partea gresita .
🅱️ro you just posted cringe you 're going to lose subscriber
let her know by commenting upvoting and following her !
how on irk am i supposed to drink out of these ! ?
no he 's actually arguing for 2 assets but those assets being etfs .
if corvus corax is playing anywhere near belgium this summer i 'm kidnapping you to there really wan na see them live 3
i feel like that 's a really random spot would n't it have been more comfortable for her to find a bench ?
ya thats true enough getting to the point to step outside your comfort zone really is a challenge in itself .
got like an anxiety disorder or someshit which makes shit extra hard
why this looks like my toalet after i flush my sh*t
https www.skroutz.gr/s/8570592/corsair-cx-series-cx550m.html if you want something better suitable for future upgrades with dedicated gpu .
https www.skroutz.gr/s/8570625/corsair-cx-series-cx450m.html if you want something better quality but do n't plan to do powerful upgrades .
what criteria do you think should be used to determine best player in the league ?
could be for non residential use such as on an airplane .
bro how you can catch up a pacey attacker in 20 meters from 4-5m down ?
also that was in the 115-6-7 min and he was running like this all match long .
if morata was as fast as valverde he could have easily walk into the net from a 4-5 m headstart lol
that may be a choose your own battles type scenario .
bro you got ta include the expiration too or it 's not gon na work .
blacks commit far more crime per capita than any other group as per fbi crime stats .
so black lives do n't even matter to other blacks .
kayaked out to the moks the islands there the last time i made it out there .
having teachers that if theyre competent can just answer questions even if you dont know how to google them because you dont even know whaz youd write having classmates you see every day and that you can get to know over a long time .
everything after that will be more anonymous or with way less people .
yes you can do that and keep doing it but just try not to push it and give him space and let him be in peace with himself .
to protect the subreddit from advertising spam ban evasions and abuse we no longer allow new/inactive users to make submissions you need to build up some post comment karma and history .
in the mean time please be sure to familiarize yourself with our subreddit rules
in order to achieve the threshold we ask you to post to other subs around reddit and contribute in comments to build up your post and comment karma .
you can hover over your karma on your profile to see the difference between post and comment karma as we do not evaluate your overall karma .
this may explain why you often see someone with lower '' overall karma able to post .
you are welcome to comment in r/memes in order to spend some time getting to know our community then you 'll be welcome to make submissions .
when the bot stops removing your posts you 'll know that you 've finally met our requirements .
please do not message us about this we will probably mute you and move on with our day .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
my request is motivated by the fact that many people here have gone outside their comfort zone to speak with me in english and i would like to try to return the huge favor !
sorry i did n't get your idea why it 's silicone ?
there is competitive civ but not as a proper esport just for fun .
i 'd link you the discord but i was only involved a while back and left since .
also as someone who enjoyed that and got to legend in hearthstone i 'm having quite a lot of fun trying to get to the top of ranked in dota underlords right now .
although it 's not turn based in quite the same way simultaneous turns with fast-ish timers the flow is kinda similar .
you should give robert anton wilson 's books a read .
the walls came tumbling down is a film script of his that deals with exactly the things you 're mentioning .
it 's a interesting read whether you believe in the reality tunnel he 's proposing or not .
also what do you think about kdb at cdm ?
basically shouting just disproportionately puts all the work on the party leader so if you 're feeling super lazy you can just shout since that 's no work on your end
if they shout and get no response they start inviting on their own .
no one is just standing lazy expecting the world to do the work for them .
it exists for players to communicate and asking for a hunt invite is part of the communication .
it 's perfectly functional and so far i 've never seen anyone complaining about it except for na players .
and now my spotify is playing heal the world like this couple do .
considering they 've openly admitted not being sure what they want to do with the game ?
she brought them gifts and it included a picture of her lmao
dude you 're the third person today to post separate threads for each knife .
keep multiple knives to one post like the rest of us knife whores
pro tip dwelling on past hurt and plotting revenge decrease the chances your life will be fantastic .
hi your post breaks the rules https www.reddit.com/r/funny/wiki/rules of r/funny and has been removed for the following reason s
rule 2 no memes and no hifw mrw meirl or dae posts .
if you feel this was done in error or if you would like further clarification please do n't hesitate to message the moderators https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2ffunny .
ww3 memes have gotten stale but that being said this is probably one of the best i 've seen
i 've got about 30k caps and plenty of two shot explosive guns
if that kind of upgrade got limited to techs i would be perfectly ok with that .
tho the item would probably need a minor name adjustment to let people know tech users can do that .
our 1950s mid-terrace that we bought recently is n't as sound-proofed as our old early-90s mid-terrace but unless the neighbours are being ridiculously noisy doing diy or it 's bathtime for the two young children on one side it 's like clockwork 6:30pm and if i 'm in my offie upstairs i can hear them start screaming in protest at the top of their lungs it 's quite funny really .
you 'd think they 'd be used to it by now !
we do n't generally hear anything over the ambient noise of our own house .
so like are they just supposed to keep the receding hairline and patchy hair ?
balding men who shave their hair completely honestly look better groomed than the ones who do n't
the more of a deal i make it out to be the harder it is to sleep imo .
it 's crap to put up with but i 'm no treat to live with so i rationalise it and now i do n't really notice it as much
it did the opposite for me considering how she was invisible in the books and it was gerald who suggested to turn around not yen .
if someone takes the time to care about you give them some respect .
the deal would replace each share of terp with .36 bep shares all stock you 'll get cash for the fractional remainder .
because he uses all his luck on icons gullit and totys lmao .
it 's not like he gets on elite good stuff
your post has automatically been removed because your post 's title appears to be in breach of rule 6
clickbait or extremely vague titled posts will be removed .
reddit does not make it possible to edit titles so you will have to post again with a longer more descriptive title .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/fallout if you have any questions or concerns .
whatever actually happened this is the story that will be told tomorrow .
does n't need elitists being ignorant of how good psa actually is .
i just shrug and remove that person from my life .
if it was someone i 'm close with then i dunno
but i would make studying for the act my number one priority if you 're really serious about getting a better score than last time .
imagine if monsters in doom were all cutie patooties 🥰
i mean if it 's true then what 's wrong with being honest and paying her a compliment right ?
the only people who do n't care are those so steeped in ignorance that they cant care about anything .
i mean ... i do love being a total weirdo around my spouse and i get being hyped up enough that you need to be told twice before chilling out .
but most people can figure out how to take themselves down after being told to chill at least by the second or third time .
i do n't think i 've ever been in a relationship with someone who would keep talking loudly in the middle of the night and jumping around and stuff after being told multiple times to quiet down let alone it getting to the point where i left the room let alone the other person following me and still being all party mode you know ?
like i dated a guy who used speed for a while and he still let me sleep .
the pube thing is funny but i think not really the point here .
plus i did purple for the cloth and silver/iron for the armor .
the top players likely get decent money from endorsements as well
i first thought saints and then i remembered we got bounced in the wild card round
i also own the sony wh-1000xm3 and really its awesome you also got an equalizer in the app where you can make your own settings .
i also had the xm2 before and they are also very good and now they are cheaper of course but still really good quality .
i have to use arduino as isp because only available programmer in my country is atmel-ice which costs over 100
all ages are welcome there should n't be any mature content .
i thought that 's what the right to bear arms was for .
me and a friend joked about this happening..and it did..literally what .
i think it targets throwers maybe they put in some factor related to how they are most likely to team that has now gone haywire .
i 'm interested for my husband and our friend !
we all have lots of escape room and software dev and testing experience and could probably do it this weekend to give you feedback .
around the corner by the white shoes we have our shoe rack.. we just had visitors .
get rid of bosses altogether or increase the cooldown by a factor of 5 or something .
this is all the more important if orb sp is nerfed .
the dirty little secret of most bigs in the previous iteration of dl is that most of their sp came from bosses .
nerfing orbs without nerfing bosses might make boss farming drudgery obligatory for mids and smalls too .
dont like to get ammo racked in one its worth it in that aspect
obama and bush only killed the bad civilians thank god .
those citizens should n't have looked at him like that .
i told her that her comment makes me wan na ristrict even more .
we were talking about my body perception and she gave me feedback on that .
but she is right i dont look anorexic even if i am underweight ...
im asking you to explain your entire idea of how this worked
and if you think its the clintons my god what a next level of questions because now you 're saying the clintons got into a federal prison that is in the control of trump and barr killed trump and barrs federal prisoner and got out with out anyone having evidence of them doing it and without trump or barr investigating it .
please just detail to me how someone kills epstein .
i 'd say the guy seems like he has pretty successfully worked through it and is in a place he can live with it .
if he 's that ok with everything then everyone else should respect that .
that girl handled it as best you can but damn that 's hard to watch
personally his reactions do n't seem genuine to me which i 'm not a fan of .
might get a downvote for this one but i have to agree with both op and everyone else .
while i have heard the traumatized for life '' line before i 've heard it super rarely .
so i do n't agree with the amount of times i read that line but it does get said .
i got 1 from the same seller and he is just unlucky with this pair mine fur is very good imo
the subreddit 's unofficial default answer to start with is x .
each of the games has a story and universe of their own except for direct sequels and other obvious things such as x-2 .
x is the recommended start point as it is more modern than many of the golden era ff 's usually described as vii-x might also include vi since it 's the only one made for ps2 it has voice acting better graphics etc .
the battle system is easy but deep enough to be interesting .
the story is pretty classic ff in style and that 's a good thing often if you want to gauge the series through the first game you play .
there are loads more reasons for x and almost as many for a lot of other ff 's so essentially pick x or if another ff really piques your interest pick that .
if you want to know more feel free to ask .
edit oh and also the story if often liked as one of the best in series but of course as always there are some fans who do n't like it .
i literally just read about you asking why your range was n't getting higher from warm ups .
you have no idea what you 're talking about .
beat all of the iceborne story quests including the big one with defender weapons and whatever master rank armor i coule craft as i didn'tfarm for any mr builds until after the big boss .
in geography and history i ca n't identify the statue of liberty lol
you are flagged as in combat but not flagged as in combat with that enemy there is a difference go grab aggro from an enemy by walking into it 's sight and look at name colour then attack it and watch how it changes as now tagged to you .
and tanks and healers can get full credit if they show up late and during arr a/s ranks of course it 's not impossible or hard on dps as they still generate enmity but it 's objectively easier on others
i checked 92,976,017 image posts and did n't find a close match
visit r/repostsleuthbot i 'm not perfect but you can help .
report false negative https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to=repostsleuthbot subject=false 20negative message=https redd.it/eoerfs
most significant problem in today 's world i think that 's the point where i just get up and leave .
i played old gp off and on with some success .
new gp is a bit too complicated for me to want to learn .
seems like a giant middle finger to morde haha .
does that mean there is no hope for any future dragonlance material ?
i think the dwemer disappeared bc of something dealing with the numidium and tes morrowwind .
tbh you should ask one of the other guy who commented and has their lore more straight than i do .
i 'm a digital artist not a coder and i 'm infinitely interested in this process .
anyone have a source where i can read more about this ?
what do you want them to do come on here give a reasonable answer and get swarmed by hate for something they ca n't control .
pick your battles ev is n't going anywhere whats the point of arguing with people on reddit from a business standpoint .
not trying to get under your skin.. but i 'm still not sure what that statistic is actually about as asked in my previous comment or that everything google spits out is true current neutral information .
just to play devils advocate there is no way to count the opposite those of us who are n't conceived/borne .
so that would prove to be impossible to put into a statistic as we know only one variable or either the exact opposite of your hypothesis being the chance that those alive are in fact alive is 100 .
i understand you do n't want to spend your life researching your theories but a bit of research before posting your own factually supported thread of logic on life after death would go a long way .
i honestly believe if we get even a slightly weak team he 's gon na try to 4-0 them by going bananas himself .
put bed any criticism about playing in the west and the west playoffs vs. the east especially about the easy path to the finals .
set the tone and expectations that playoff bron is comin and you best be scared
then in the second series he relies more on his passing and mental game so the other team has to be beat the lakers and it lebron .
which could mean a longer series but lebron wo n't be going 110 so he has more gas left for the wcf and finals .
definitely do this especially if you 've never been in nepal before or somewhere similar .
i 'm a seasoned traveller and i could see somebody easily falling to culture shock .
especially after a super long flight you 'll want an easy ride to your hotel so you can get some rest .
.22 lr is not the same as .22 pellet .
the only thing that needs changing on excalibur is radial javelin .
it 's good for movement extending jumps closing gaps between you and enemies and combo into melee attacks .
augment is good for building up combo meter if you 're going for a specialized melee build .
this one could have some mechanics added in but for what it is it 's decent .
radial blind/howl is great cc shuts down enemies opens them up to finishers .
only downside is that its based on enemy line of sight .
exalted blade is still one of the most powerful weapons in this game outputs a massive amount of damage even without the augment .
a lot of people are saying it 's been nerfed but in reality it 's just been left behind while all of the regular melee weapons are now buffed to be closer in terms of power .
honestly all exalted melees really need a tweak on stats but this ability is still a powerhouse .
radial javelin does n't really contribute anything once you get out of lower level content other than a 3 second stun .
i 've found the augment to be somewhat useful giving a boost to melee damage over a period of time better for non exalted blade melee builds .
but other than that it does not do enough damage to enemies the ability is like slapping brick walls with wet pool noodles .
i 'd prefer the old super jump ability over how rj is right now .
it can really do with either some sort of utility like armor stripping or it should scale with damage maybe like vauban 's new puncture orbs ?
also for umbra the best qol thing that should be added is having exalted blade not deactivate when transferring out .
i still use my regular excalibur over umbra because i can keep my blade on while doing operator stuff and then transfer back in to keep the combat going .
honestly expected an asian/akaviri type of preset for men since you know those do n't exist yet .
will take the cute oriental face though have an endorsement .
i noticed he had one telemundo interview almost 250 days ago ... any more recent connections with the community ?
if he ca n't get 100 of the black vote he should be hustling to connect with the latino voters .
i 'd like to see an ad or two in spanish !
i learned via a state senate representative 's newsletter that he is working on faith healing legislation in the current session because believe it or not parents can claim a faith healing exemption from medical care for their kids in my state .
i wrote to him today to talk about blood transfusions in the hopes that state law can be implemented that will prevent jws from using this loophole to ensure their kids do n't get a transfusion .
i thought i 'd give you all a copy of my email in case you find it useful in your own advocacy efforts .
if you 're so inclined it 's worth checking into what your state 's provisions are in this situation and if transfusions are included .
i was interested in your piece about legislation of faith healing and i was curious about an element of it based on personal experience .
i was raised a jehovah 's witness and left the religion when i was 21 years old .
as you may be aware jehovah 's witnesses refuse to take blood transfusions based on an obscure element of the mosaic law in genesis and leviticus more information here i do n't like to link to their organization 's webpage as it contains a lot of propaganda https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jehovah 27s\_witnesses\_and\_blood\_transfusions https en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jehovah 27s_witnesses_and_blood_transfusions .
this policy has led to the deaths of many children because their parents refuse a transfusion on the child 's behalf .
some hospitals have had success in arguing with the state involved that the child 's right to life outweighs the parents ' religious beliefs and that the child is not able to make a mature decision and is being coerced by the church .
i wondered if your proposed legislation regarding faith healing includes any provisions for children in this situation ?
when i was growing up my brother and i were taught that if we were ever in an accident we needed to tell first responders doctors everyone that we did not want a blood transfusion even if it meant we 'd die .
we were required to carry a blood card '' with us that was a signed statement saying that we refused transfusion .
additionally when a jehovah 's witness person 's clergy is informed of the person 's admittance to the hospital or an impending surgery they send a team of their elders to the hospital to ensure blood is not given and as an intentional effect that their church member is not influenced by medical professionals to change their mind and get a transfusion even secretly .
i experienced this situation when my sister was diagnosed with cancer and underwent a double mastectomy .
the elders were at her bedside the entire time leading up to her surgery and until she was stable afterward .
i find this policy gravely disturbing and i hope that you will consider making some provision for this situation in your future legislation .
quad vox kato 15 three holos one foil ak cartel mw cs.money https s.cs.money/0erwzb3owe_image.jpg 17 arcana or 350*|***38
vox kato 14 on wood and vox kato 15 holo on body ak red lam ft 0.16 cs.money https s.cs.money/16439234315_image.jpg 20 arcana or 380 ? ?
i 'm can upgrade one of these girls to star 6 .
i really do not know how to express my concern and frustration without sounding offensive or racist .
i keep seeing frequent posts videos comments about people having the same problem and having to migrate themselves or their entire alliance to another kingdom .
but i have deeply noticed that these korean alliances are heavily and i mean deeply political .
japanese federation only. korea republic of the people. if you are korean join the federation movement now ! it 's cool to role play be in the moment or have fun in the game but from reading other similar posts comments and forums about this core topic .
it 's been a problem ... correct me if i 'm wrong but i have not seen or came across one american alliance that boasts in their bio saying hoorah america ! u-s-a ! united we stand ! i fight for merica ! i especially do n't see any american/european/african/spanish nationalists tapping around dropping nukes like it 's new years day or being heavily political .
i think in my opinion there has to be a line between a video game and outside political propaganda .
it 's just not healthy for the community it pushes people away and prevents alliances from getting new players and creates a permanent stigma for the community .
at the end of the day we all come to rok to play or escape from our hard working lives for a bit maybe we are a college student .
a video game should not be political it is meant for entertainment and kicking kingdoms butt the honorable and correct way
again i felt like i needed to address this and this will be my last post about it .
i hope everyone is having fun with their kvk 's and rewards .
does anyone know when ubisoft will reveal info about season 4 ?
just got back into for honor and heard about it .
in accordance with our policy https www.reddit.com/r/gmat/about/rules https www.reddit.com/r/gmat/about/rules please confine all materials swap '' requests offers to this thread !
materials swap '' includes things like books online course account transfers etc .
note that transferring accounts is very likely a violation of terms of service for your course .
we do n't condone it and you 're doing it at your own risk !
also note that copyright material such as pdfs are not allowed on r/gmat .
post all materials swap offers requests here in this thread !
new threads requesting offering materials will be removed and directed here .
once a request is fulfilled please go ahead and self-delete your comment s .
i 'll remove any comments that are older than 7 days .
a couple of crashes per week maybe was quite bearable .
now after this hongbao update the game started to crash freze and lag hard .
i tried to reinstall both emulator and the game several times to no avail this does n't help .
my pc specks 16gb of ram ryzen 5 1600 cpu nvidia geforce 1030 gt gpu system drive is 256gb ssd .
i know this is not the top of the line gaming pc but i think this should be enough to run war robots on bluestacks emulator ?
edit i tried memu and it is very stable .
this time there was n't any problems with robot 's walking speed being slower .
nyandcompany always change prices and it is annoying that they do not do price adjustments either passed 14 days .
does anyone know when is a good time to order from nyandcompany website .
i do not spoof so you 'd have to fly to me .
i can offer any of the following shinies and legacies .
i want to use mi messages to text my sister i 'm using pocophone f1 she got a new k20 pro but we ca n't find how to activate her mi messages .
if you are fans of coach apps and the career edition they could use your vote and user reviews .
check them out under the r/gmgames menu and games list for football .
since i ca n't submit the actual video displaying the theme or any pictures directly here is the link to the tweet containing all of the info .
it took a lot of work to make this i hope you all enjoy !
i 'm a 88 rated gk looking to join a vfl team on playstation .
for context me and a friend have a modpack with some world changing mods and i wanted to add quark mostly for the cool features not really for the cavern updates but he 's doubtful it 'll change anything .
but i remember we used to have another modded world in 1.7.10 to wich we later added vanilla and we eventually found rubies .
maybe i 'm remembering stuff wrong but wich one of us is right ?
i currently work as a firefighter making around 35k .
i 'm studying for my a and about to attend wgu for it as well .
i want to work in sys admin data analytics or help desk worst case scenario .
my parents tell me i should n't quit the fire dept because they have a pension plan it 's stable and because of all the work i did to make it through the 6 month emt/fire training to make it on and that it 's hard to get hired on by fire departments .
most of my friends however tell me it 's a good idea to switch it it because the salary is higher the schedule is n't as erratic and it is n't as hard on your body .
also promotions are very hard to come by and can take 3 to 5 years .
in it i could make 5k more at least on the low end to up to 15k more depending on the position .
so would it be worth it to switch to it ?
heraclitus said that everything is in flux impermanent but parmenides said that change is an illusion there is only permanence .
just saw the heat are 48-2 all time when scoring 125 or more points .
going forward dlc dungeons will be less self contained and more integral to the year long storyline .
as in it will have pertinent information directly related to what is happening in the main story .
'' play the way you want '' philosophy that zos touts for eso is not compatible with the current season formula for two reasons
half the story is catering to casual or beginner players
the game would be better if the dungeons main boss fights had a solo/group '' setting
let players choose group level difficulty or an easy solo mode across all the big battles in the story .
solo you can play on easy and experience the story throughout the year no dungeon sets group harder difficulty play with a group and get more loot from the dungeons main boss fights
this is especially the case if zos is going to integrate the dlc dungeons even more into the story .
also with solo story mode zos would not have to make group dlc dungeons easier in order to cater to casual players.on group mode they could make dungeons even harder than they are now because it is aimed at players seeking harder content and more reward .
they could make a hard mode for the final story bosses that have mechanics on par with dlc dungeon bosses
it is a simple concept that i think is consumer friendly for both casual hardcore players .
if zos did this then we would get overall more group content .
it would generate at the least 9 more boss lair activities from previous content
so i am going to las vegas for the very first time next well and i 'm pretty excited so far i just have my hotel reservation nothing plan the only thing i wan na do is going to the grand canyon so that 's why i am here to know why places are i should n't miss no tourist traps an shows that are a must go too so any idea is welcomed thanks
all pokemon caught by me ign tj id no .
not etched in stone ... but it 's easier to write a script if you punch out the logline first .
i 'm m 23 i have felt so lost recently .
i 've pushed everyone away in my life and i 've never felt so alone .
i am slowly starting to despise myself more and more each day .
i 'm more scared of failing to kill myself and being considered a coward than death itself .
i have people in my life who love me but i feel like a bother if i ask for help .
i have followed closely the success of gpt-2 bert and other various iterations of the transformer architecture for generative tasks and although they might still have problems they seem to have completely obliterated the previous state of the art for generative models .
i have seen papers that can also do conditional text generation or control attributes of generated text based on this and they are pretty good .
so does this success make variational autoencoders obsolete for text generation obsolete ?
this was the first paper to do it generating sentences from a continuous space https arxiv.org/abs/1511.06349 .
and there have been several papers since then discussing the problems and attempting to fix them .
but i mean models like gpt-2 seem to do everything better .
you do n't even have to train gpt-2 from scratch fine tuning on a dataset seems to work perfectly fine .
so efficiency/training speed also does not seem to be that big of a deal ?
to me this tastes like coffee made with 3x the suggested amount of grounds .
not necessarily in a bad way just in a thick slightly burnt caramel way .
i 'm sure that 's the casing being heated by whatever process they use .
looking for a submissive petit or curvy slut to be used as a personal fuck toy rough sex ties and toys dm me for snapchat or number .
i have n't played skate 3 in years and was wondering if online is still up and working ? i doubt it but you never know .
life likes to get in the way of the fun stuff .
anyway i was curious does anyone do anything in particular about the remaining drills ?
some colors are gone completely and others i have a lot of .
i kinda thought about making my own possibly abstract painting '' once i have enough but also wondered if people had other ideas about the drills instead of just just throwing it away '' .
my roommate and i are looking for housing for next year .
we 're nearly settled on an apartment with 540/month rent but i want to see if i can find some more options before making a final decision .
i know everyone had their own ways of defining their identity .
i 'm just trying to figure out what 's going on in my mind .
i do n't want to have deep romantic relationships with multiple people .
i have an amazing fiancée that i love and that enough for me romantically .
i do however really enjoy having an open relationship in which i can go on dates and have sexual fwb type relationships with other people .
i just crave masculine energy and also the freedom to explore myself sexually with other people .
we started out with the idea that this would be a a finite timeline that would allow me to get whatever out of my system before we moved in together last year .
once we moved in together we ended it because that was what we agreed and because my partner said she could not share me anymore .
i have since longed for the freedom and fun of our open status that i had .
we very briefly opened up our relationship again a few weeks ago .
i went on one date and a week later she told me in tears that she could n't do this thing anymore and that we would need to go on a break so i can get whatever it is i need and then stop seeing other people forever .
the thing is she has insinuated multiple times that i might be poly and if that were the case then she would not be able to be with me .
she said she 'd break up with me if i told her i was polyamorous .
so now i 'm scared sad and feeling caged in .
does this mean i 'm forever going to resent her keeping me monogamous or that i might lose the person i love most in this world ?
i have virgin hair its about 20 inches long super straight and super oily .
i started using a drugstore shampoo to help with the oiliness of my hair and its been working nicely .
i can go two days after washing my hair after it starts getting super greasy and getting a lot of dandruff .
the problem is the shampoo makes my scalp dry which is good i do n't get dandruff but it makes my hair insanely frizzy when its dry .
i ca n't use a product for frizz because that moisturizes your hair which is the opposite of what i want .
so i have two options have greasy hair with a ton of dandruff or have dry frizzy hair that makes it look like i did n't brush my hair before leaving the house .
came across this video a couple weeks ago on pornhub i think it was a related video on a chessie rae video possibly .
i remember the woman 's name may have been in the title it seemed like she was some sort of snapchat pornstar .
she goes home with the guy in the ferrari .
he pays her a bunch of cash and they fuck in his kitchen .
been offline a couple days and now i hear helpful lock man is banned from youtube ? ? ?
and his pleasant demeanor got my gf into lockpicking ! ! !
and by that i mean letting me watch pick n gut videos in the car and she buys picks for us '' !
i tend to use one or two songs on repeat per fic but then i start associating the song with the fic i just wrote which leads to the unfortunate circumstance where i can no longer use that song for another fic 😭 i have gone through a lot of songs .
i 'm a trying to get the trophy for all infusions but i do n't know which weapons to infuse with what gems .
i realize i could just infuse them to random weapons but i wan na be efficient and choose the best ones .
so for each gem what weapon or weapons goes best with it ?
we had to take my wife 's 2013 mitsubishi outlander sport to the dealership to get tpms sensor reset since we bought new tires and apparently third party vendors ca n't do it to the tune of 140 .
while it was there they decided to do an inspection and discovered the serpentine belt was worn a mere month after the 100,000 mile service and some bulbs were getting ready to go .
i understand mechanics and especially dealerships charge a premium for parts and labor is my area is billed at around 115/125 per hour .
but they wanted to change 130 for a single headlamp and 360 for the serpentine belt and tensioner .
i guess i know how i 'm spending 80 for the belt and tensioner and am spending 2 hours this weekend .
battle tapes ' sound is like it was custom-designed to be everything i want in a band .
a semi-industrial take on new wave synthpop with big pop hooks and a heavy beat ?
i 've been waiting my whole life for music like that !
this is an incredibly cool band but at least where i live no one has ever heard of them .
i love being into bands no one else has heard of as much as the next hipster but i want bt to keep making music for years and years !
so i hope they will be able to attract a bigger following .
every morning after i eat breakfast i scroll reddit before school .
this is probably an unimportant thing but do you guys do this too ?
keine einzige person weltweit hat auch nur annähernd so viel einfluss auf firmen und gesellschaft wie greta .
and how do you know if someone would make a good friend ?
i seem to attract a lot of fair-weather friends '' people who show up when they need me sometimes want to go out and have fun but are never there for me or make up things to be offended about when i need them so they can ditch me .
for example one friend '' said i 'm never there for her while my brother was dying .
this was because i had n't come to see her new house .
i had in just the last year let her stay with me every werkend for months to help her avoid the guy she lived with helped her move out of his house when she 'd had enough and been by her side listened to her and helped her get through 2 breakups .
however she got a new house a month after i got the news my brother 's heart was failing and because i could n't go see her new house i was spending all waking hours either working or with him i was apparently a bad friend .
she said i spent enough time with another friend that i shohld have made time for her .
the other friend really my only good friend had been coming to my house to help me out and let me cry on her when it was all too much .
i 've had plenty of instances of i 'm mad at you but i wo n't tell you why but you have to figure it out and grovel for my forgiveness '' with friends '' as well .
i am sick of being treated this way and i am lonely .
however when i try to make them i think my anxiety kicks into overdrive .
i never know what is and is not okay to talk about with new people .
i 'm scared i 'll say the wrong thing and offend them weird them out or scare them off .
i do n't know how often to check in with friends to see how they are or if they want to hang out .
i 've been told i 'm too much '' and that i 'm too distant '' so what 's the right way to approach a person without being too much or too distant ?
is it okay to express that i have anxiety and would prefer they 're completely honest at all times with me or would that scare them off ?
i feel like i 've missed out on a lot of friendships by not knowing how to initiate them or by assuming i 'm annoying .
how do i know if i 'm annoying a person ?
tldr i 'm constantly scared i 'm annoying or a bad friend and it 's making it hard to make new friends .
i only have 1 true friend and while 1 true friend is great and i love her i 'd like more people to at least have fun with .
looks promising but i would like to hear more experiences
looking for the best orthodontist in farmington hills and west bloomfield ?
well just visit us at nakisher orthodontics for the best procedures .
i use my red dial on the g29 to change traction control .
only problem is that one click 2 clicks in game .
seems like this was an issue that was fixed on f1 2017 https forums.codemasters.com/topic/23293-f1-2017-pcps4-logitech-g29-red-rotary-dial-double-inputs-if-mapped-to-eg-fuel-mix-shortcuts
i regularly wonder what normal limerents look like on the street and i thought it might be an idea to ask 5 basic questions so we can show each other how normal we are !
how would someone who had just met you describe you ?
how would someone who had just met you describe you ?
will be interesting to see what you guys write !
i see the writing on the wall and after reading every book on the shelf it 's very obvious i need to be process oriented and play the long game .
improving myself bit by bit and ignoring results completely while focusing on myself .
the problem is with how much i plan to do and how much i need to change i dont see things getting to where i want them to be for at least two years .
this is problematic because my current life is suffering .
i cant stand living a life full of unfulfilling relationships poor physical appearance and being a very very far behind in my romantic life and career .
example if i wanted to expand my friend circle i know the optimal process wouldnt be trying to make a best friend at my local coffee shop the first time i step into the place instead i should go every week and become a regular and slowly build a rapport with people there .
then develop a more meaningful relationship ship with one of the other regulars .
going to the coffee shop each week still feeling alone and unfulfilled is what gets me .
so how do i keep myself from jumping off a cliff before any of this pays off ?
this is the 26337th time i made this shitty comment .
vinyl floor skirting can also be painted to give a unifying look but usually they are painted to have a contrasting element against the interior decoration .
the angel locket allows 'a 22 chance to revive and be invincible for 1 second when dying available only once ' .
however i noticed that if you cancel the game like when you reroll a boss for example then this ability can activate again .
chapter 11 i got my first angel revive on room 12 .
then i tried to reroll the double archer boss twice i should add but it did n't change and i had to fight them but the angel locket ability activated again .
mine is great level 15 so not a max epic or anything .
this may seem like a dumb question but i 'm wondering how to handle correcting students who parrot in dora mode lol .
because part of what drains me is when they do n't even listen to corrections so i have to correct their corrections over and over .
ive been working on some of this stuff for a long time i really recommend checking it out
get the best deals for pre filter when you shop the largest online selection at hot tub parts .
for more information visit https www.hottubpartsfd.com/zencart/index.php ? main\_page=product\_info cpath=1 products\_id=90 zenid=a74070304044c06cd2f491cf956dd71e https www.hottubpartsfd.com/zencart/index.php ? main_page=product_info cpath=1 products_id=90 zenid=a74070304044c06cd2f491cf956dd71e
dragon 's are very weak currently outside of very strong souls .
stats they offer are minimal and because they are percent based they are less noticeable unless they are crafted specifically for your character type and more impactful later .
which is fine if you are malphite currently sitting at 500 armor making it 30 armor per dragon .
but what use for it does a mid mage/assasin or adc have ?
for most adc 's that 's less than 3 stat before you start itemizing defensively after core items and even then let 's say you build maw mercurial scimitar and merc treads which let 's be honest is n't happening often .
that together offers 120 bonus mr on top of your base which seems to be 30 0.5 per lvl for most adc 's ends up being 150-160 mr. that is still less than 10 a stack after u invested 3 item slots in it and you 're probably full build now .
so let 's not consider those numbers as final but what if those dragons looked something like this
passive gain bonuses based on the type of dragons slain .
📷 cloudbringer 's grace 10 17.5 25 30 based on stacks additive ultimate cooldown reduction ignoring the cdr cap .
📷 infernal might 8 14 20 24 based on stacks attack damage and ability power .
📷 mountainous vigor 7 7 12.25 12.25 17.5 17,5 21 21 based on stacks armor and magic resistance .
📷 oceanic will restores 3.33 5.833 8.335 10 based on stacks of missing health and 1 1.75 2.5 3 based on stacks of missing mana every 5 seconds .
let me explain why i did what i did .
first of all big part of why riot nerfed those dragons is because they were afraid of stacking 4 of them .
that however make 's it much less tempting to kill them especially early when camps respawn more often and now that they again give only 25 gold instead of a 100 .
so i increased the value of the first dragon since 2/3 of the dragons you will see in your games will be impossible to stack so that fear is n't realistic for them .
since they can not be stacked power that comes from them will not be as likely to tip the scales .
but that should n't make them bad to take .
now they pay for this first stack at last 4th dragon .
there 's a reason for that it 's dragon that should you take it offers a soul .
that means that reduced stats on them are irrelevant .
in fact they could give no stats at all and we would still take them because soul is far greater then stats 1 dragon could ever give you .
cloud dragon currently offers 10 cdr per stack however it 's multiaplicative .
if it 's additive that means that champion with 40 cdr will in fact have 70 ult cdr at 4 stacks rather than 64 .
champion with ultimate hat which works multiaplicatively at 5 with 4 dragons and 45 cdr will have 81.25 ultimate cdr .
which makes it much more powerful for champions that do not stack ultimate hunter and cosmic insight to get maximum ult cdr without breaking the game for those who do .
that is however one of the changes i care about the least .
i think this dragon should be reworked in general i think it 's far to situational and so is it 's soul which is barely useful for champions like mf karthus who channel their ults and extremely powerful for champions who dont and want to run at people like vlad kennen or udyr who gets it on any ability so just gets 60 permament movement speed .
i even liked old air drake better it was underpowered but everyone except for yuumi could use it to a decent extent obviously still being better for ms reliant champions but useful for the rest anyway .
now there 's also a bit of extra argument to be made here based on element 's fantasy .
as we know flame and water are each other 's counterparts .
water in games is usually connected to restoration while fire is connected to destruction or using other word damage .
and we get just that infernal increases your damage and ocean helps you get your hp back both dragons and the souls .
now air and earth is another pair of counterparts .
in that case if mountain offers sturdyness in form of tank stats cloud should logically provide a way to either make youself more nimble which souls do or to counteract sturdy nature of a mountain drake .
so it could be possible that it offers some sort of armor/magic penetration .
now as you can see i did n't suggest it up there i 'm just saying it 's an option and it makes sense thematically .
now that 's some wall for something that should be earths light and agile counterpart .
i understand that riot nerfed it because we have 4 stacks and it was very powerful so getting to 30 or more percent would be crazy but having it at the same place as before while being harder to reach requiring 4 kills instead of 3 i think it 's all right .
i can also see a world in which it gives small ammount of flat adaptive stats at a cost of some .
like 5-10 stat maybe scalling with level a stack .
just so that it 's more useful for champions that do n't build a lot of ad/ap in the first place .
mountain as u can see has been increased slightly and it also get 's a small flat ammount .
we do n't want to it to be too much still exists it could end up being a little over 40 a stack to a squishy character and 40 is a lot for not taking an item slot .
but then u need to stack 4 of them .
i can see a world when flat stat is increased slightly .
ocean i gave it a bit of mana regen .
it 's potentially too much and it may be better to reduce it by around 30-40 per stack .
it 's just to make it a bit more enticing to take earlier into the game and more useful for champions that have built in build healing of any sort .
current one works at the after school club some of my students go to .
we were flirting for a while but i had a gf .
saw her in the pub on my brother 's bday and ended up kissing and exchanging numbers .
started sleeping with each other casually though we 've not officially said we 're fwbs yet .
guilds will rotate mc/ony out though just like in the old times .
by the time zg came out our guild was only doing bwl and zg .
also ony clears are stupid fast these days i 'm pretty sure we killed her in under 2 and a half minutes in our last attempt .
people do n't realize all the good guns do for this country .
not only does it keep tyranny at bay they also help the average citizen .
roughly 14.5k people die every year to gun homicide out of 325 million americans .
alcohol kill about 250k and auto accidents 40k a year .
the cdc reported that there were 330k-1 million defensive gun uses every year by armed citizens .
that 's over 300,000 more lives saved than taken per year you just never hear about these because it does n't fit the media narrative .
yes social security number fulfills the tax id most babysitters do n't have an ein although they should get one .
while i 'm not saying it 's completely out of the question .
i just do n't see then pairing with inferno squad if this information is true i 'd expect to see clan wren be a jump 1 two black attack 1 red defense .
inferno would probably come up as the same almost exactly like death troopers with maybe low profile as their keyword .
adding special forces with a jump ability assuming that 's their keyword might really throw the game in the rebels direction especially if we 're not getting imperial rocket troopers in return .
i do n't know maybe they 'll be really awesome .
it seems you are saying we are on the brink of solving the climate change problem .
it 's gon na be great for the survivors .
yet they just had a very successful peaceful protest yesterday ...
the only example currently available from a western facing vendor to my knowledge is a 2013 hai lang hao from yunnan sourcing .
personally i think it 's too young and the producer 's teas tend to be too expensive for what they are the cheap impressions blends are better at a third of the price in my opinion .
it 's entirely possible that other vendors offer similarly processed cakes 半发酵普洱 in chinese but i have n't been able to find anything myself .
i 've always been social and outgoing so it 's been a huge change .
i really wish our society was different now a days .
i think that 's a significant reason why everyone 's so lonely and stressed now .
thank you again for your kind words your compassion and understanding is quite welcome !
2 admin at a school curricular development innovation director academic dean teaching coach school systems have all sort of different positions that provide oversight and support for faculty .
i think this would require a ma at least .
3 an educational organization outside of a school system .
there are some here that provide resources and support for schools .
example friend is running an afterschool stem program at numerous schools in the area .
it 's still working with kids but not an 8-3 classroom experience
i used to eat lunch at the deli in that building and i remember the sidewalk being closed off that day .
mental illness is a bitch too bad nobody got to her before she jumped .
was n't sure about it and googled the first thing i found was fairfight .
i 'm not entirely sure but there could be a setting to disable motion blur if that 's what 's causing the issue .
i finished doom 2016 about a month ago and i had the same issue with motion blur so i just turned it off .
new districts will be drawn in 2021 after the census is finished .
hi i did n't make the cutting on the right other user is correct that it 's a thai constellation
co-op is my most played mode it does n't work how you describe it .
if you select an era you stay in that era .
i am neither republican or democrat since i live in puerto rico which can vote for neither we have no representations in the senate or congress and we cant vote for president .
i know this might be hard to believe for someone like you but not everyone in the world has to subscribe to one side or the other of whatever political party is on your country .
knowing that is actually the most basic information an american should know about puerto rico .
have you considered putting something like cloudready or just a standard desktop linux distro on it ?
it would make a great backup laptop in a pinch .
i remember subbing to a\_stony\_shore after reading the 12 rules .
but if stony needs to take some personal time for personal reasons i think it 's important they do so .
hopefully whatever 's keeping stony away wo n't keep them away for long !
still its dps looks to be the lowest amongst all aa guns .
i 'll look later unless someone can post a screenshot to confirm .
i hope that is n't the case but if it is i respect their decision .
well i honestly do n't understand how one can interrupt it differently .
it 's fine if you 're married when you convert but if you 're single do n't get married .
are you by chance wearing layers that could block the signal more than regular indoor use ?
same it used to make me uncomfortable because i mistaked it for loneliness and non-connection but now i realize that even though it 's very personal the connection with others is still strong and rich .
does anyone know how long it takes ovidrel to get out of your system ?
i wish i just knew i 'd be able to have another baby .
or i 'm just gon na eat some cake for lunch .
being defined by what you are not is not a really great way to define yourself and there is n't much to talk about .
i support gun control i do n't shoot guns in public .
that 's libertarian ideal of we can all do whatever we want whenever we want to but choose to be good people .
that 's so ridiculous and you believe it is somehow gun control .
i have a most dope thumbs up on my wrist i got after mac passed .
always to remind myself that itll be alright and i just got ta keep a thumb up in the air
probably need at least a few more to cover challenger events
you just lock em up until you have a water tight case with the facts and evidence to hang em
when i start it is it possible to speed up the process by sleeping through the 5 days ?
i 'll be playing him in zacama i can fetch him out with academy rector or defense of the heart .
but no decks that are not built to cheat it out and take advantage of it are better off without another 7 drop .
when the night is over lord huron got me into indie music after a decade of rock .
i 've had .65 waist/hip ratio so i 'm a real pear shape .
but during last summer i had issues like 3-4 hairs growing on my chin gaining fat on my belly which is not how and where my body gains fat my hair was greasy half a day after i showered and i had various tiny wen-like fat follicules around my eyes .
last but not least i had my periods last more than ever 6-7 days .
these all were managablr at first but the extreme inflammation all over my body was the final alarm for me .
i gained 4 kgs in 2 days and made an appointment with my gyn right after that .
i was 74 kgs the day i went to the doctor .
he ran some tests lasted about 15 days i was 78 kgs .
i was so stubborn about my if and could not understand the weight gain at first .
she made me lose 5 kgs of fat within 1 months .
then i went to vacation in december for 1 month in thailand .
i do n't know how much of it is fat actually but i am positive the weight i gained in thailand is not because i ate a lot it is exactly because i did not eat enough fat and/or carbs as my dietitian suggested .
but i know i am capable of losing my excess fat starting from this week .
my mods last i played were patrick star as boomers shrek as tanks all star playing of course spongebob as jockeys and the song sexual healing playing using medpacks .
i tried a little bit but i stopped before i pissed them off like i said i 'm 19 i do n't know anything .
if you used different non-bumper plates your height is going to change .
not op but played enough to val to know it 's val
yta changed my verdict based on the op whining about the daughter 'lying ' to him/her .
your feelings are valid but you really need to ask yourself how you have been behaving up to this point for your daughter to feel the need to keep you on information diet to maintain her own sanity .
you are all set to cancel a family dinner over this which can only been seen by your daughter as you punishing her and other family members ?
instead of doing some introspection and communicating like a reasonable adult .
jessa did say the man was starting to look different .
seems to have some limited uses at first but with some thought and creativity there are many possibilities .
150 per hour is a very reasonable rate from an experienced tattoo artist to begin with ...
i think i 'll go for the ebay route should i sell them altogether or in lots ?
i have 40 so 4 lots of 10 should be fine .
and can i trust the app 's prices or should i scale them down a tad ?
we 're currently trying to get rid of our british gas pre pay meter i feel you friend .
does n't matter we still got the polikal clout to piss off
i 've always wondered if i 'm alone here but i 'm not totally comfortable eating off of anything but a plain white plate .
patterned and textured plates throw me off a bit and make me not want the food as much .
that is so appealing ca n't take my eyes off the curves
the us 's objective in iran would purely be dissolve the government and as many dissidents as possible .
you can tell yourself that would n't happen but it would .
i put a fram on my jeep last oil change i was in a pinch and could n't source anything else locally and my oil pressure was a solid 10-15 psi under what it normally is .
put a wix on it after that and everything went back to normal .
fuck it picking up some tgt 130c for jan 2021
i think you should not worry about the noise .
you 're right next to it so it sounds louder to you .
they might have just had different interpretations of what was said .
if it was that noisy shutting on and off then they either had a broken unit or an incredibly cheap one .
i 've used over 10 different kinds of stand alone ac units and every single one had the option to leave the fan running all the time and the compressor quietly cuts in and out as needed .
i did wonder if it started when i began syncing to firefox on my android phone .
it is intermittent and i could n't find any pattern to it unfortunately .
i use ublock origin https everywhere last pass and the firefox container plugin .
in the context of hockey a sniper is just someone who scores a lot of goals with their shot
i personally think the term should carry more than that .
if you do n't that 's fine but it 's not stupid to think the other way .
are guys who score a lot of goals in the dirty areas of the ice in front of the goalies and creases snipers as well ?
are you arguing that they are n't shooting the puck into the net just because it 's in close ?
i 'm thinking about building a gaming table using some mdf 2x4 foot pieces .
does anyone have any idea if pva glue/flock/sand will stick ?
or would i have to layer something on-top first ?
after searching for a sub on here to discuss world athletics news and events and not being able to find one i have created my own !
i do n't know how to advertise these things and get people to start talking !
if you 're interested in watching the athletics and have any favourite athletes or events you want to talk about any hopes for the upcoming olympics or bets placed ... head over to r/worldathletics and get chatting !
i 'm a 25yo trans woman looking to help you roleplay your fantasies !
ideally the fantasy would include a trans woman but i 'm open to other options too just let me know ahead of time .
i have a few hours to do this so let me know if you 're interested !
include the general details of your rp but i understand if you do n't wan na type it all out until we start chatting too .
toilet stuff incest and extreme pain bad end '' scenarios plus all the stuff that is banned here .
looking into the pointe for fall 2020 and i 'm wondering how good is the place .
now they need to send someone put to make sure the condensors are ok ?
he 's troubled which makes bullets fly towards him yet he do n't give af and keeps going on .
steps on a damn beartrap and continues off into the forest does n't even hurry to the hospital cause other people are more important
and seems to have some ability to clean up any major problems so people shrug off troubled threats cause if a viking tells you it was a bear it 's a damn bear .
it is the last pokémon i need for my dex !
i was under the impression that karens did n't really exist here but 30 minutes in a randalls check out line proves other wise .
so randalls has these online only '' discounts right ?
and the store i was at only had one register open with two people in front of me .
arguing with the cashier about a 25 cent discount .
she had n't actually added the digital coupon to her account and proceeded to hold up a line of 6 total people for about half an hour .
just a thought i had wondering if it 's possible or if that defies the laws of tulpas .
i 'm listening to this new hidden brain podcast episode on secret friends and it reminds me a lot of tulpas although the host has n't mentioned them by name yet .
how is everyone i 've a day or 2 off and i was having a bit of a think to myself can any experienced chefs share some good habits yo get into i 'm just constantly wanting to expand my knowledge while leaning some valuable info along the way !
i learn alot from my chef but i do know alot of other chefs have good tips to make life a bit easier thanks in advance chefs !
at the moment i 'm sitting outside a von 's after coming to see if their western union is working it is not .
after not having an income for four months the money for my disability extension finally came through to the bank .
however since i was never sent a replacement bank card it 's nearly impossible to access the money hence wu .
unfortunately the state of ca makes it nearly impossible to withdraw said monies .
so the last three days i 've been speaking with more than half a dozen people in an attempt to get it wired to me .
after ending the call with the latest representative agreeing to have 1/10th of my available funds wired i was in tears nearly hyperventilating .
as i placed my phone in my lap beginning to dial another number a woman about 10 years younger than me walks toward me leaning in slightly sweetly saying it 's going to be okay honey you 're going to make it through this.
in tears i look up attempt to crack my best smile and make eye contact .
when i do i realize she 's wearing a medical face mask to protect her from airborne viruses .
in an effort to hide my confusion i say thank you so much while wiping the snot dripping from my nose .
she continues past me and i hear her say blessings as she heads to her car .
even this ever so slight gesture helped give me pause and regain hope that it will be okay.
thank you to her as well as everyone out there who has seen someone in need and has it in their heart to let that person know they are not alone .
depression is a bitch if you 're reading this you are not alone .
i just wanted to thank you all for giving me so many tips for life funny jokes etc .
this has been the best few months off my live .
all of you helped me through this year and i just wanted to thank you all !
2 days ago i was diagnosed with a terrible disease called aufhocenteraldecayneedyesoriolosis .
and the only way to save me was to type out the funny numbers on your moms credit card into my dm 's .
if i do n't see any my lungs fill up with blood and my skin starts to decay and rot .
and only 2 people have it on the planet so there is no cure for it .
if some great person just typed the long number and the numbers on the back and dm'ed it to me .
love ya 'll so much thank you for making me the person i am !
i put dex for a while but i saw on a recent topic that dex is useless atm so what should i pick on him ?
as title says have code for blackflag on xb1 and am interested in said games .
the issue is the plugged in front i/o usb-3.0 header .
cause plugged in it stands out into the area of the bottom radiator .
so i cant run 360top und 360bottom with the i/o header .
i know i can run without but i want the front i/o and the radiator .
bitcoin mail has been launched for fulfilling requirement of checking the mails through any device .
it has made easy for the users to access the account from even a simple computer .
with this mail account you can simply sign-in in your account by putting the email address and the password .
once you sign in you can check the activity of your mail account .
you can compose read the incoming mail and also download the large file attachments .
majority of people has been registered with bitcoin premium email account because it is completely different from other mail accounts with number of favorable qualities available in it .
it is currently considered as one of the leading webmail application that has got the remarkable reputation among the users and it 's effectual bitcoin email customer support is always available for those users who generally face issues while handling accounts .
to update them the customer carenical team attends sessions which over different parts require for the effective support .
why contact bitcoin 24/7 support number 1+/888+/742+/oo83 being a part of yahoo and at t services it offers a easy handling mailing option but there are also many customer carenical glitches occurs with users that you may face as well .
for these issues you can contact customer carenical support to get help and you can find plenty of them in the internet .
customer carenical support is available 24x7 so that you can contact them according to your convenience .
bitcoin enterprise email account troubleshooting sources bitcoin password not workingnew account sign up assistancecontrolling spam junk and phishing mailsconfigure mail account intovariousmailingservicesanddissues in sending/receiving mail
let 's have some discussion on the bitcoin premium mail issues solved by the team of bitcoin online phone support 1+/888+/742+/oo83
enter the name and password and now manual setup should be selected
do the change in the incoming server box so that it will display pop.mail
go and now you should click on outgoing server settings
go and do the selection of edit for outgoing server settings that will show smtp.mail
you can access to the page where you would be assign with display/account names
emails would come in few minutes so you should wait
if the process is taking too long to execute then you can contact bitcoin internet support
first you should go to the page of yahoo as you know that bitcoin online account has been merged with yahoo
tap on the icon of mail that is at the upper right side of the screen
do the log in process with your bitcoin email address and password or you can select the button by selecting the forget password
when your sign in process complete yahoo account info should be selected
once entering the email address and password you would get directed to the password reset page
set your password and save the changes made by you
during this process if your internet connection becomes slow then contact the bitcoin wifi customer servicebitcoin email customer service 1+/888+/742+/oo83
the error that generally comes while handling the account needs to remove any time stretch so that none of the bugs can affect the email account further .
the customer service has been designed and introduced to give immediate relief to the users .
if you are one of the users who currently facing the bugs then you can trust the customer service team of bitcoin .
the support team is ready to be your companion .
my own brother and sister never asked me to call them abroad .
yet i see more and more distant relatives asking me to call them to europe .
my sister is going to get married in a year or two and i have a strong feeling that her future husband is going to ask me the same as my cousins .
now i dont mind helping people but i dont want to do it at the cost of my own privacy .
whoever i bring here will judge me for my behavior .
they will tell their families when they go back home .
which in turn may cause gossip about my own family .
for years i have had the same reoccurring nightmare where i 'm in a situation where i 'm trying to dial 999 for help .
however when i push the 9s on my phone the screen comes up saying a random set of numbers like 72528 .
this happens over and over in the dream and i can never get through to an operator .
shows you where each one leads you and what you get for going to it .
if you have any tips on how i could make it better please let me know .
beat the game with 0 deaths or gravely ill on day 31 .
i 'm guessing some places are linear and some are randomized .
i 'm gon na try to keep tweaking my excel sheet to make a better one .
if you have any tips feel free to reach out .
i kind of miss him saying good riddance '' or charon take me home '' .
also is there really no zag intro w bone hydra extreme measures ?
hello i would like to play the following idea .
if you are interested my kik is jhflynn i look forward to hearing from you .
i am a lonely trophy wife who is in need of some excitement and pleasure .
i want my husband to watch as someone male or female uses me .
my husband is not the most gifted so i am in desperate need of proper attention .
i am fairly open minded we can discuss kinks when you message me .
my limits are toilet play no underage and no blood or gore .
i have a date tomorrow and i was trying to at least stay clean for that but now i fresh cuts and i 'm worried the person will see .
they do not know at all about this it is a completely new person in my life .
i do n't even know why i 'm going .
i want to date but i do n't know if i even ...
i 'm stuck in a hard place of being alone or actually trying to reach out .
not looking to buy fully working phones only faulty ones that i can repair .
ideally looking for phones with broken screens and no other faults .
open to all offers typically pay a third of working phone price usually a bit more for iphones .
bitcoin mail has been launched for fulfilling requirement of checking the mails through any device .
it has made easy for the users to access the account from even a simple computer .
with this mail account you can simply sign-in in your account by putting the email address and the password .
once you sign in you can check the activity of your mail account .
you can compose read the incoming mail and also download the large file attachments .
majority of people has been registered with bitcoin premium email account because it is completely different from other mail accounts with number of favorable qualities available in it .
it is currently considered as one of the leading webmail application that has got the remarkable reputation among the users and it 's effectual bitcoin email customer support is always available for those users who generally face issues while handling accounts .
to update them the customer carenical team attends sessions which over different parts require for the effective support .
why contact bitcoin 24/7 support number 1+/888+/742+/oo83 being a part of yahoo and at t services it offers a easy handling mailing option but there are also many customer carenical glitches occurs with users that you may face as well .
for these issues you can contact customer carenical support to get help and you can find plenty of them in the internet .
customer carenical support is available 24x7 so that you can contact them according to your convenience .
bitcoin enterprise email account troubleshooting sources bitcoin password not workingnew account sign up assistancecontrolling spam junk and phishing mailsconfigure mail account intovariousmailingservicesanddissues in sending/receiving mail
let 's have some discussion on the bitcoin premium mail issues solved by the team of bitcoin online phone support 1+/888+/742+/oo83
enter the name and password and now manual setup should be selected
do the change in the incoming server box so that it will display pop.mail
go and now you should click on outgoing server settings
go and do the selection of edit for outgoing server settings that will show smtp.mail
you can access to the page where you would be assign with display/account names
emails would come in few minutes so you should wait
if the process is taking too long to execute then you can contact bitcoin internet support
first you should go to the page of yahoo as you know that bitcoin online account has been merged with yahoo
tap on the icon of mail that is at the upper right side of the screen
do the log in process with your bitcoin email address and password or you can select the button by selecting the forget password
when your sign in process complete yahoo account info should be selected
once entering the email address and password you would get directed to the password reset page
set your password and save the changes made by you
during this process if your internet connection becomes slow then contact the bitcoin wifi customer servicebitcoin email customer service 1+/888+/742+/oo83
the error that generally comes while handling the account needs to remove any time stretch so that none of the bugs can affect the email account further .
the customer service has been designed and introduced to give immediate relief to the users .
if you are one of the users who currently facing the bugs then you can trust the customer service team of bitcoin .
the support team is ready to be your companion .
i 've tried searching the tags like this and tag like this but all i get is no results
i did n't watch the show for a week while i was on holiday and i missed nothing all thanks to these mighty recaps
i 'm living in an apartment with other roommates and this would be going in my bedroom .
the cat we had growing up loved milk and ice cream .
never noticed any issues afterwards even if we did n't give it to her often more just to shut her up .
but she was a stray we took in so it may be possible she grew up having random food and developed a tolerance for it .
i get them often too and decline them right after .
do you do cum fetish like cum on tits/ass/face or creampie and post it ?
bunu anlıyorum aslında dediğim gibi inandığın dindeki allah affedici ve bağışlayıcı yani elini nasıl tutmak istiyorsan hangisi doğru geliyorsa öyle yapmalısın .
eğer dindeki mezheplere girecek olursak biliyorsun bir sürü doğru ve bir sürü yanlış var .
i̇çinde hissetmek inancını her an tazelemek bunların hepsinden daha önemli .
i 'm starting to realize i 'm more like a dolphin than i initially thought
and then someone on reddit would say that 's just bad dming for limiting character options '' .
i actually think it has helped my social skills a lot because sometimes when i say something stupid in a daydream i 'll stop and say no i would n't want to say that because they would react this way or it would make me look rude stupid est . ''
i then work out a better way to communicate what i want to say .
i 've had a lot of what i like to call simulated conversation '' where i sort of try to predict how a conversation would play out in real life .
i then usually find talking to those people and people in general easier .
that being said oassionaly i end up saying the stupid/rude thing anyway even thought i 've already decided it was a bad idea .
more often than not though i think it has prevented me from saying bad things that i do n't want to .
how long have you spent learning everything you need for that ?
and what sort of content did you cover in them ?
had no idea something like that was so close ! !
i 'm definitely going to go there with her thanks a bunch it looks beautiful ❤️
i was relieved to see that this was not iu .
people do n't put up with this kind of shit in bloomington .
i 'm chilling my guy lmao but i 'm just saying nobody cares
and works better than mere he looks better '' .
this is not the world of ideas things can be partially right .
this is a visual bug the challenges after week 13 were n't suppose to be there most likely .
this season had 13 weeks of challenges just like the previous seasons but this season was a month longer than normal giving people an extra 3 weeks to finish the pass .
the challenges past week 13 did n't unlock for anyone .
i mean aphelios is aphelios and aatrox was straight up deleted from the game lol .
being squishy would probably be necessary i 'm also thinking that the auto attack animation would have to have some sort of significant hindrance like being slow or hard to cancel .
if i think you 're a threat you 're gone .
it 's amazing how much damage dogs can do physically and financially .
i 'd call it pop-science the kind of trash that people hear about in poorly written news articles written by scientifically illiterate journalists .
because it could easily be a fluke and the methodology wasnt even considered but the headline was juicy so they published the story regardless .
i 'd be surprised if half of journalists even read more than an abstract .
and after the boghossian debacle with getting gender-centered mein kampf published in peer-reviewed journals you can barely trust that process .
my french teacher she really hated me and it showed .
i honestly dk why i 've never been disrespectful towards her .
the only problem was that i was n't so good in french ... i bet she hated me because of that .
i would say that since most people do n't like whipped cream on there iced drinks the barista may just assume you did n't want it either .
it 's usually a safer bet for them to not put whip on the drink and add it after the fact if you did want it then it would be to remake the drink because most people want it without whip .
does n't mean it 's acceptable just means they 're probably playing the safer route
i recently proposed to my boyfriend as in literally last week .
you found the love of your life so take the chance .
woman or not it should n't and normally does n't matter .
coffe not having an effect on some adhd guys like myself .
or not being capable to look someone in the eyes .
it 's nonsense for the majority because it 's high mature content it 's just too much for youur little brains .
did you really think the plot was just about the good guy zen defeating the bad girl magase ?
your submission to r/whatsthisworth has been removed because you did not include a link to an image in your post .
r/whatsthisworth currently accepts images from the following websites imgur google reddit twitter and facebook if where you are hosting your image falls outside of these websites please notify the moderators and they will see if they can add the website that you are using to the list of allowed websites !
to stop low-effort posts and improve the ability for people to get help we have implemented a 80 character minimum not including spaces or end punctuation for all posts as well as a url requirement to ensure that all posts are accompanied by at least one photo .
if you do not know how to upload a photo and link it in your post we 've created a guide for you here !
if you have any more questions or need further assistance do n't hesitate to contact the mods .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/whatsthisworth if you have any questions or concerns .
just a friendly reminder that bill mccartney won a natty before tommyo
i couldnt even cry out of shock when my grandpa suddenly had a stroke and died 2 days later
at least he got to see all his children again all together
now he 's chillin with kobe hendricks and cobain rip them legends
i also hope whoever is handling their money is being smart with it .
right now you can only get 4 millhouses because weapon only has 4 durability .
however if you hit khadgar first you can get 6 millhouses and a khadgar
they are only better than a surgical mask if they are properly fitted .
either way it 's completely unnecessary unless you are in direct contact with someone with confirmed disease .
i have n't been to uni in a long time before this insanity started
but i wonder now why even participate in such an obviously abusive biased even bigoted and sexist kangaroo court ?
would it hurt a court case against the school if you did n't participate further after they 'd clearly shown they are not interested in actual evidence ?
in this case as so many others the panel '' is in direct violation of chapter 9 guidelines themselves .
first time they denied the chance to allow me or my lawyer to speak or even said no lawyer could be present this shit would go straight to a real courtroom .
thankfully lawsuits are being won left and right against these authoritarian cultists .
unfortunately the ones financing such rabid-leftist indoctrination in our schools have huge pockets .
i 'm giggling so hard at the mental image of your friend leaning back all casual like with his pants down .
i imagine that and i hope this is n't too controversial black vets do n't get the same opportunities as white vets so they stay in .
please check the front and new pages and use the reddit search function before posting .
if you are not familiar with the subreddit rules you can read them here r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules .
have a question or think your post does n't break the rules ?
message the mods https reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2fleagueoflegends .
thanks the localized name of the stand is highway go go but thats all i remember
no wonder some of you tools ca n't comprehend a simple data graph
more and more families are having trouble making ends meet .
parents are taking on extra jobs leaving less time to raise their children .
at the same time services such as autism supports are being cut .
these factors mean that if a child has a problem it 's more likely to not be addressed until much later by which point they might need much more help and care .
a child can not get the extra help or care they need in a classroom of 30 kids .
also you ca n't spend money you do n't have indefinitely . ''
i got 2 removed bc they were coming in crooked the other 2 have come in since then entirely crooked .
now that i finally have dental coverage i 'm going back in to rid myself of these idiot teeth before they compact any more of my other teeth
my best friend i have n't seen in years came into town for a week we had a great time hanging out and catching up .
but i didnt realize how much i missed and will miss him until i saw him get back on the train to leave the tears started to fall before i even realized it and i felt a mix of happiness and sadness knowing it will be years before i see him again but grateful for the time we got to spend together .
i 'm a big fan myself and i 'm in various facebook groups and follow twitter accounts etc and trust me the fandom is very much at least divided on this .
some are obviously yaaaas queen”ing the fact that the doctor is now a black woman but most do n't actually give a shit about the race and are just concerned with what the hell this is doing to canon .
some are angry now and some are more apprehensive did you even read the article ?
the darkest line go down first so they 're a bit crispy but then the rest of the shading comes from filling in the darker parts first .
it might not taste quite as good as a regular pancake but they 're still plenty good
i dont think religions fall under the stupid myth '' category .
i think you 're giving node.js a slightly hard time when it comes to the constant change .
that was definitely a big issue in the early years of node.js but it has calmed down a lot recently particularly with the introduction of the lts long term support releases .
these versions assuming you start with the latest lts release guarantee you a couple of years of maintenance fixes/patches with no breaking changes .
a supernova is an explosion not a gradual brightening .
it 'd be like plink and it 'll suddenly be this bright daytime star .
if betelgeuse were to go supernova our first surefire signature would come in the form of high-energy neutrinos flooding our neutrino detectors all over the world in a burst spanning some 10-15 seconds .
there would literally be millions perhaps even tens of millions of neutrinos picked up all at once by these observatories .
a few hours later when the first energetic ripples created by this cataclysm reached the star 's outer layers a breakout of photons would reach us a swift spike that increased betelgeuse 's optical brightness tremendously .
all of a sudden the luminosity of betelgeuse would spike by about a factor of 7,000 from its previously steady value .
it would go from one of the brightest stars in the night sky to the brightness of a thin crescent moon about 40 times brighter than the planet venus .
that peak brightness would only last for a few minutes before falling again back to being just about 5 times brighter than it previously was but then the traditional supernova rise begins .
over a time period of approximately 10 days the brightness of betelgeuse will gradually rise eventually becoming about as bright as the full moon .
its brightness will surpass all the stars and planets after about an hour will reach that of a half moon in three days and will reach its maximum brightness after approximately 10 days .
to skywatchers across the globe betelgeuse will appear to be even brighter than the full moon as instead of being spread out over half a degree like the full moon all of its brightness will be concentrated into a single solitary saturated point .
as a type ii supernova betelgeuse will remain bright for a very long time although there are large variations within these classes of supernovae for exactly how bright they become and how bright they remain over long periods of time .
the supernova after reaching maximum brightness will slowly begin to fade over the timespan of about a month becoming about as dim as a half moon after 30 days time .
over the next two months however its brightness will plateau becoming dimmer only to instruments and astrophotographers the typical human eye will not be able to discern a change in brightness over this time .
all of a sudden though the brightness will drop precipitously over the next fourth month since detonation it will go back to barely being brighter than venus by the end of that time .
and finally over the next year or two it will gradually fade out of existence with the supernova remnant visible only through telescopes .
and if you want to get smart actually my car and many others can adjust without the driver doing anything .
i had a snake bite kit '' that was sold and marketed as such .
it came in a yellow plastic box about the size of a walkman and contained a sterile scalpel antiseptic wipes bandages and a syringe with different sized and shaped cupped tips .
the instructions were to clean the wound cut a small 'x ' over it with the scalpel and use the appropriately sized tip on the syringe to suck the venom out .
this was to be done immediately after being bitten .
i carried it in my in my day hike pack in boy scouts .
was this product a total gimmick or does this actually help in some way ?
hi this post has been removed as it did not gain enough upvotes within its first hour .
this measure is in place to avoid low-quality memes being spammed on the subreddit .
you are free to try and post it again at a later time .
peak times on the subreddit are at around 6pm gmt .
however please do not keep posting it over and over as this will get you temporarily banned .
if you have any suggestions for me or want to report a bug please click here to message john_yuki https www.reddit.com/message/compose ? to 2fu 2fjohn_yuki subject=a 20question/suggestion/issue 20with/about 20your 20bot message=enter 20message 20here ... the bot 's creator .
get user flair https redd.it/e0a4mn and check out our instagram page for more celebrity content !
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/celebhub if you have any questions or concerns .
then when we did the informational picket they decided to come back to the table with our original contract from years ago .
sorry i 'm about to trade eevee to another user here but indeedee is available !
i was thinking if we could do a mix of mballs and apriballs ?
laughing is life is the same thing as love to laugh .
one of the most cliche things to write in a bio .
regardless of bio better to focus on photos first .
feener '' i do not know what you mean !
maybe she is related to mr feenie from boy meets world !
and because they like to bundle '' the big updates with hotfixes and such that might be it too .
these days people can be offended when you talk about your own '' experience too .
she 's a nepokid trying hard to be relatable .
nothing about this was funny clever or even close to justified .
you 're a mean-spirited obnoxious over-reacting asshole who dragged innocents into your tantrum .
no everything must be interpreted from an american 's point of view .
it never even occured to me that it had sauce .
hmm i can relate to this somewhat i have asthma inhaler dose n't help me either .
go and do a lung test they can test ur lugns for infection and u can check how well u breath how much air u pick up and blow out etc .
there is also the risk that we are asking the government to correct '' a behavior .
i was told that they 'd look into it i doubt they will .
i currently have them all plugged into an rgb hub and am having a new issue now where two of the fans will not light up properly or change when i make changes in icue .
whilst it 's nice to have all the colours organised in icue and such these fans have been nothing but trouble from an rgb point of view .
i 'm sticking it out as i 'm in now and do love them when they work .
keep up with the ticket if they have enough people complain then maybe they 'll do something .
yesterday my watchmaking teacher entered the room and told us all to come take a look .
we did and what we saw when he showed us what he was holding stunned us with amazement .
this is the r.gauthier logical one in white gold .
one of the students of the day school 1 day a week bought this one recently and decided to show it to us .
the watch itself was stunning you could tell how magnificently detailed it was .
winding is done with a comb-like arm and the screws are s-topped ones .
i did not get to hold it myself but only seeing it i was shook by what i was seeing right in front of me .
anyways i hope my drooling over this watch is not too much and that you like it even though the picture sucks !
if you 've got the second overall it 's gon na be a lot easier than if you pick 15th .
that said lafreniere is in a class apart so i do n't see it being cheap even if you do have the second pick .
i confess i am anti-fed rafa=goat and this match made me angry .
that being said federer did not deserve to win that match .
there were so many distractions interruptions and federer stalling the match multiple times medical timeout feathers crowd complaints swearing violation ball-girl running into tennys totally on fed haha .
sandgren should have won it federer just went full clutch on those mps which is out of character for federer normally he is the one who has trouble closing it out .
novak is pretty much unbeatable but would n't mind an upset with raonic tonight .
i had god of war 1/2 saves and had my sub lapsed for like 2 years and when i resubbed it was there .
if you streamed the game you should copy your save to the cloud .
once your ps now is over you wo n't have access to the save until you resub .
just a reminder top level comments must contain art or will be removed .
see our full list of rules here https www.reddit.com/r/redditgetsdrawn/wiki/index .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/redditgetsdrawn if you have any questions or concerns .
think there is some 23 year old person yearning for school .
i generally think that the current delegation to washington are more concerned with what fox news says than their constituency .
idealistically i feel what you said is what should be how things work it just does n't seem to even remotely come into the the equation these days .
chiho precog musou pseudo harem senpai hanashi horimiya if i were to go through my follows list i 'm sure i could find at least 10 more .
to anyone wondering i was the candidate at question and it was agreed upon that we used a copy of the torah .
apus exist and igpus exist but for most enthusiasts it does n't make sense to put them both together for both cooling purposes and because you can have 2 separate bigger chips instead of cramming both into the space of one cpu .
if you want to you can buy a ryzen 3200g right now and slap it onto your motherboard and you will be able to run your computer without a dedicated graphics card even play graphically intense games at low settings without a gpu taking up a physical pci-e slot .
in certain cases you can just skip the gpu aspect entirely and run things 100 on cpu power .
for rendering things which is a graphical application some people use cpus although they are much slower than gpus at doing that .
also i believe linustechtips ran crysis 1 on low settings on amd 's new threadripper on just sheer cpu power alone not using any gpu so it 's possible but it 's not ideal since his 2000 cpu was running a 15-year-old game at like 30 fps .
it was broken because it had technically even lesser recoil than its former smg11 with higher magazine capacity and angled grip .
now its trash weapon you would only wan na use if you like spraying and praying in cqc .
it has no place in the game just like skorpion before upcoming patch
search for its package name using this app https play.google.com/store/apps/details ? id=com.lb.app_manager hl=en .
might be possible to find some information about it this way on google .
sorry u/bitsaras774 we can not accept your submission because you do not meet the account requirements of this sub .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/c4crep if you have any questions or concerns .
i have a movement cry dmg cryo efficiency ibvr .
happen to have a it 's piss grenade 50 shock/corrosive or a stop gap with 50 electric ?
you know as a hobbyist programmer and dabbling game developer one of the things i learned early on is how necessary the separation of concerns between io and state/internal logic is for maintainability .
maybe it 's just that i never have played with webdev or javascript yet .
there is a video of the attacks and it 's just an asian group of lads swarming a few people .
a few of them just go round kicking defenceless people in the head one of them being jordan .
edit apparently the video is of a fight nearby and not the same one .
i 've had more people than i can count subscribe to my of and then within that month usually the first week they become a deleted user but the money has always still come through from them some have tipped as well .
it bothered me at the start but when i still got the money i stopped caring
if this is reported to be a video of a patient who is infected there 's a huge amount of things this could be .
any of these viruses that cause a rapid onset of respiratory illness such as viral pneumonia while the elderly person is already chronically ill can wreak havoc .
and extremely high temperature will cause seizures and electrolyte balance etc
a lot of these people that are dying from this virus or people who already have chronic health issues or compromised immune system .
and this is n't an uncommon sight day to day in the hospital .
they were all out of the marilyn monroe when i went
i really like how the poem is separated into the three columns each describing the way the different expressions of love make you feel .
sounds like it you sure you di n't already kill the rifleman ?
usually the reverse happens you kill one of the barons but do n't get the triumph for it .
literally can not wait for this to become a real set .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/burdurland if you have any questions or concerns .
i was merely saying that countries in western europe do n't have to deal with police brutality apathy nearly as much as they do in america .
here in the netherlands we also have our problems but they 're not about social injustice .
then she moved on to ... . what exactly ?
all you 're highlighting is that you like double standards .
if you approve of someone 's position you 'll take literally anything about them she 's a nurse '' to try and justify their position .
what exactly is the relevance of jo brand having been a nurse thirty years ago ?
only hypocrites with double standards are desperately looking for some kind of differentiation .
ya but that 's where natural selection comes in .
3 kids and none of their names start with z
stole a mars bar from a local shop when i was about 13
they had extremely deep coverage of the industry processes behind the tech and they wove very clever wittiness into all their articles .
will chitose or geuden s2 stop her s2 from proccing tho ?
you can eat a chaser tho and be fine might need to stack the chaser w someone if there 's a shield on you .
trump remaining the leader of the us affects me and everyone else more than 600k annually so i care more about that but you 're right that biden 's case is much more of a here 's money for direct influence .
as much as i disagree with idolism and the idea of celebrity in general billions of people know the name 'kobe ' and he undoubtedly had an affect on many people 's lives whereas the others simply did not .
loneliness is a disease tbh i find talking to random people for a few minutes is a good way of stemming the tide while i try and build up friendships
but i did a bit of digging and i reckon chefy and shilly are the same user .
there 's a lot of the same phrases used by both posters .
he 's lucky not to have a hairy ass that really affects how much you need to wipe
i never wan na stop helping you holding you you have a perfect beautiful body
i would also appreciate this course that you are offering .
your post has been automatically removed because you did not include one of the required title tags .
please see the subreddit rules https www.reddit.com/r/dogs/wiki/index wiki_tags_and_descriptions for more information .
potential title tags include breeds help vent rip fluff discussion link meta survey and update .
please resubmit your post with one of the title tags beginning the submission title .
you must physically type the tag into the title and the tag must use square brackets .
example discussion what foods are toxic to dogs ? ''
it 's possible you may experience a delay of up to 1 hour upon trying to repost with the corrected title .
this is a reddit-imposed waiting period and there is nothing the r/dogs moderators can do to reduce the waiting period .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/dogs if you have any questions or concerns .
never said i 'd make the person with the illness feel guilty .
that 's not what i the previous commenter or the post creator were doing though so i do n't know why you brought that up .
we 're saying we as a community of supporters of people with mental illness can become fed up at one point with the grief of it all and want to tap out at one point when we can no longer be of use .
i do have to disagree a bit on do n't put the responsibility of their illness onto them if you 've agreed to support them '' .
my friend sent me this and i honestly didnt even notice that 's what it was .
thanks he 's about to cop so much shit pun intended
i feel it might be beneficial to mental health .
luckily i do n't need to walk too far away .
what do you use to download if you use get mp3 website they probably give you shitty quality file and change the extension .
if you want to get the best from youtube i suggest using something like idm download the highest quality version of the video then convert to mp3 yourself .
a bit late but what a weird fucking match eh ?
not a game but there 's a regex calculator '' online that let 's you enter a regex and it will explain what each part will match
sorry your recent post https redd.it/eurq07 still does not have any flair and was permanently removed .
feel free to resubmit your post and remember to flair it once it is posted .
if you are using the mobile version of the site click the hamburger menu in the top right of the screen and switch to the desktop site and then follow the instructions as you would on desktop .
do n't reply to me i 'm a bot .
for this post i present to you the creatures from the fantastic d d book mordenkainen 's tome of foes '' from its letter s section !
all were 3d modeled in blender then either printed in resin with my anycubic photon or with pla on my prusa i3 mk3 .
all the files are free and below each image .
i 've been 3d modeling and printing my own dnd minis for the past five years and have been sharing the files for free .
its always sunny in philadelphia the nightman cometh 3d printed d d minis !
mordenkainen 's tome of foes letters a b c https imgur.com/gallery/jjtncg2
mordenkainen 's tome of foes letters h to r https i.redd.it/9dcktg1klm041.jpg
here is my patreon https www.patreon.com/mz4250 if you 'd like to support my efforts as i make free minis while having access all my files under one google drive a request board commercial options and a commission tier .
really appreciate you telling me to kill myself on an antidepressant subreddit .
and he named himself torso so no one would suspect it .
never had it cut out on me in 5 months and my internet is pretty slow anyways so it was n't a factor for me .
the maliwan takedown as is is just the perfect level of fun yet challenging for me and i 've enjoyed it thoroughly .
please please add an option to toggle the scaling between original and event aka normal scaling ?
fun fact diablo 2 had this command which was called 'players ' for single player modes and it was literally for this purpose the difficulty of the game could be scaled to allow single players to fight tougher enemies for better loot .
bonus perk of upping it a notch is you 'll start needing the food because you wont automatically heal when you meditate .
shame as it 's just an info video collagen is the main protein needed for great skin and we thought everyone might find it useful .
it 's not a product promo or trying to sell anything and thought it might get a good discussion going on the benefit of healthy eating for skincare .
not to down play your concern but even in that area does n't mean they will be impacted by the pipeline construction .
i lived near glenn mills for a time recently and never even saw where the construction was .
if nobody watches it then netflix will throw it out since it is not worth the money..
you said it yourself why this is just the start .
netflix is profit driven and the backlash on goop is going to make a lot of people watch it .
seriously you didnt ask them and you said such horrible things .
you might be the biggest asshole i have seen here all year
we loved your submission 长清鸡巴 but it has been removed because we no longer allow such short titles .
we want a little bit more hopefully with some context .
this makes using the search function much more effective .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/memes if you have any questions or concerns .
do n't go to the movies with the intention of watching it .
go to a bad movie and just kiss 10 minutes in .
i just made this mistake by taking a girl to a good movie and we lost our chemistry because of it .
from 2009 against all odds the giants are in this thing .
you should n't make promises in cat that you ca n't keep .
if thats the case it never got to hot in the last year
these people do n't even care about the fact that they 're on the same side .
i would n't be surprised as many farmers back in the day would spend much money keeping things original they 'd just keep it running .
not surprised at all that they parked it in the grove rather than take it to a junk yard .
fair enough but it ca n't be much fun in daylight outdoors .
does n't ios sleep the screen after inactivity in all apps including games eventually ?
a. it 's generally bad form to propose at someone 's wedding
b. you had no permission nor did you give your brother or his wife a heads up .
i told her i did n't think my brother should have ever married her and i hope they get divorced .
would actually pay for cs or any other decent fps right now
what do you think about the fact that actual scientists think you are absolutely wrong ?
sure but if we let them shoulder the burden and then it happens again we can blame them for more stuff !
your submission falls under the category of low-quality content .
this includes but is not limited to memes image macros non-constructive rant/vent threads or one liners/pun threads .
examples of prohibited content may be found here https www.reddit.com/r/overwatch/wiki/rules_examples wiki_low-effort_content .
r/overwatch_memes is a subreddit dedicated to overwatch memes that may welcome your meme or image macro .
for more information please consult our rules https www.reddit.com/r/overwatch/wiki/rules .
if you have any questions or concerns message us here https www\.reddit\.com/message/compose ? to 2fr 2foverwatch subject=removal issue submission message=https www.reddit.com/r/overwatch/comments/euqr2v .
there are 100 valid criticisms of the girl her behaviour is very annoying ... but no need to get into her looks .
some historians further believe the plague of athens was the black death too .
however it could also have been quite a number of viruses or bacteria a major metropolis overcrowded with malnourished refugees fleeing sparta 's annual invasions during the peloponnesian war would be a prime disease vector .
there really is n't any examples because this is sort of unprecedented .
any time someone this famous passes away it 's instantly reported by anyone who has the story .
it 's the nature of being a global star .
for much smaller celebrities you 're 100 right most would probably coordinate it .
they ripped of a piece of the sandwich and gave it to mike
without seeing the cage i would n't like to say buddy .
what i 'd do is test fit the cage in the empty shell and see if everything closes up .
if it does n't try to see/feel where the issue is and then just file sand a little bit off there .
i 'm sure there 's a better way but that 's how i 'd do it !
apparently each 0.5mm of extra crush above the stock dart gap 10mm adds 5-10 fps .
soo.. a 42.5 mm cage with stock wheels would add 10-20 fps .
a 43.5mm cage with wheels of 0.5mm extra root diameter would do the same .
from experience a 42.5mm cage with worker high crush black wheels hits 150fps in a stryfe take off a little for the rayvens long barrel ... say 140 ?
you can clearly see the teleporter start to open up before they start to charge
tape over your cunt if your going anal only you should go anal only .
wear your smaller plug and futilely ride a pillow for 30 minutes then switch to your larger plug .
write out of service '' above your pussy anal slut '' across your stomach and fuck my ass till i ca n't walk '' under your tits .
sit naked in a chair windows closed ofc and squirm around on your plug while you play with your tits for another 30 minutes .
then get your hairbrush and really focus on lossening your ass .
fuck yourself with it preferably infront of a mirror till you have a bit of a gape going .
then take your vibrator and press it lightly against your ass so it just slips in then turn if to max and let it sit motionless for atleast 15 minutes before you start fucking yourself with it .
when you 're done put your smaller plug back in .
u have the link to your previous post about being stuck in plat ?
looks like the new user interface of plague inc .
yeah in a better world people would get with the program and make logical decisions about pets .
i 'm not defending it just talking about what i 've seen happen in rural areas .
spay/neuter seems to be seen as a good thing ... but not necessarily if it means busting the beer/weed budget lol
i guess i 'll need to remember that more often .
this announcement of the business model change immediately switched me from being almost wholly disinterested to pretty much a guaranteed day one customer .
i loved fate mythos and both torchlights so i am very happy to see that they recognized what their loyal customerbase wants and are giving us a proper boxed '' game rather than a games-as-a-service game .
pitbull is a type of dog that covers many specific breeds including the am staff .
it 's like how the term suv does n't mean one specific make and model but refers to a type/class of vehicle .
i am inclined to ask how you expect cryptic to function if they do n't make things to sell .
it 's hard to accuse them of chinning off free players when by the end of feb there will have been 3 free event ships in 5 months ...
your submission was automatically removed because patriziagrande.it is not an approved site .
please view our wiki https www.reddit.com/r/aww/wiki/index for approved domains and a full list of rules .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/aww if you have any questions or concerns .
if we stay out here any longer we 'll get frostbite !
same here lady/man i was diagnosed with add in my late 20s .
i think the lore is that they do n't actually kill each other .
persona 5 scramble a warriors spinoff/sequel to persona 5 .
u/drdforce thank you for your submission please remember to supply as many details you can .
these include if applicable size origin store and/or geographic location age and any writing on the item .
additional pictures can be added as a comment in this post .
whatever you 've googled/found already should be included to save time and effort .
if an image you can check this google search of your link here .
i am a bot and this action was performed automatically .
please contact the moderators of this subreddit message/compose ? to=/r/helpmefind if you have any questions or concerns .
it stretches from mid north all the way to the south end of the country as any map will tell you
the south does n't conform to the geographical south and as such new mexico arizona and california are not considered a part of it
this is what i imagine the coronavirus to look like .
a grieving wife giving a shit about wow of all things ?
would n't she be busy making funeral arrangements for the people that are left like family or friends not just dudes she did n't know on discord ? ?
but hey just as you 're free to claim i 'm equally free to doubt so who nose ?
ddr is a pain in the butt ... .and you 're gon na need their ddr state machine ... .unless you 're going to do your own .
which is unlikely to save much ... ... especially at your likely sorry !
it 's a shame that it 's only an easter egg for that one level and not the rest .
the 29th of feb is the leap year day and so technically their true birthday is only every 4 years
but before it 's granted we would like to give a moment to our sponsor raid shadow legends .
